GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

Driving Long-Term Value: 
Our Client-Centric 
Sustainability Strategy 

 
 
Contents 

3 

Letter From Our Chairman and CEO 

58  Protecting the Value of Our Firm 

5 

6	 

7	 

9	 

14	 

Introduction 

About Goldman Sachs 

Historical Sustainability Milestones at Goldman Sachs 

Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Our Sustainable Finance Framework and Sustainable 
Finance Commitment 

16  Thematic Opportunities With 
Our Clients and Partners 

17	 

Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

24	  Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private 

Partnerships 

Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy 
Transition 

Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Preserving Natural Capital and Protecting Biodiversity 

31	 

40	 

46	 

53	 

59	 

62	 

64	 

Governance 

Risk Management 

Regulatory Preparedness 

65  Metrics and Targets 

66	 

68	 

69	 

74	 

79	 

Progress Toward Our Firmwide $750 Billion Sustainable 
Finance Commitment 

Progress Toward Our 2030 Sectoral Targets 

Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain 
Commitments 

SASB Index 

Thematic Index for Our Existing Sustainability Disclosures 

80  Sustainability Issuance Report 

82	 

84	 

87	 

92	 

95	 

Introduction 

Sustainability Issuance Framework 

Sustainability Issuances 

Featured Investments 

Report of Independent Accountants 

97  Disclaimer 

2 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
David Solomon 
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer 

Letter From Our Chairman and CEO 
We have long been committed to addressing critical environmental issues, beginning in 
2005 with our inaugural Environmental Policy Framework where we were one of the first 
financial institutions to recognize the scale and urgency of the challenges posed by climate 
change. We have always acknowledged that navigating climate transition would be complex 
and that as a financial institution, our central focus should remain on how we can deliver 
sustainability solutions for our clients and grow commercial capabilities to support them. 

The challenges facing climate transition are multifaceted: Our economy is heavily dependent upon a well-functioning 
energy system. Today more than 80% of our global energy needs come from fossil fuels.¹ That coupled with the backdrop 
of rising energy demand and geopolitical conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East has underscored the need for affordable 
and reliable energy. In addition, higher levels of inflation have been headwinds to decarbonization as input costs have 
increased and supply chains are more complicated to navigate. And the impact of emerging technology remains to be seen, 
with some sources indicating that electricity consumption from data centers, generative AI, and cryptocurrencies could 
double by 2026 compared with 2022 levels.² 

Scrutiny of sustainability commitments, divergence in client preferences, and regulatory approaches to climate change 
across jurisdictions have also evolved. Our clients include pension plans and retirement funds, large and small businesses, 
investors, and governments across various sectors and geographies and with a diversity of investment strategies and 
business models. Regulatory regimes are also evolving across jurisdictions with different scopes and timelines. In 2025, 
we will be one of the first US banks to file a global firmwide sustainability report under the European Union’s Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive. This new requirement is expansive in scope, covering not only our financial exposure 
but also our environmental and social impact, and we are investing in our data management, measurement, and reporting 
capabilities to prepare for this shift in the regulatory landscape. 

Despite all of these external forces and evolutions, central to our focus on the effects from climate change as well as 
decarbonization has always been our commercial capabilities and the insights that we can provide to our clients to help 
them invest in opportunities and manage risk. I also want to be clear about our role in supporting our clients in this area: 

First, we will continue to finance and advise our clients in the energy sector, and we will also invest in innovative 
decarbonization technologies that can accelerate the transition. We need to do both. It’s not an or, it’s an and. 

Second, we recognize that there is a gap between global climate ambition and the reality of where our energy system 
is today, and this gap will not be closed just by private sector voluntary commitments. Government has always and will 
continue to play a critical role in setting policy, providing incentives, easing implementation challenges, and balancing 
energy security and economic growth objectives with long-term climate ambition. There is no question that policy 
has a big impact on our clients’ decarbonization goals and our ability to support them. 

Lastly, the most meaningful role we can play in climate transition is developing the solutions our clients need to 
deliver on their decarbonization goals for their businesses. Over time, we have developed independent aspirational 
goals and commitments to measure our progress, evolve our practices, and provide transparency to our clients 

1	 Energy Institute: 72nd Edition of the Energy Institute (EI) Review of World Energy, 2023. 
2	 International Energy Agency: Electricity 2024: Analysis and forecast to 2026, January 2024. 

3 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
01 | Letter From Our Chairman and CEO 

1
1
1

“We will continue to finance and advise 
our clients in the energy sector, and we will 
also invest in innovative decarbonization 
technologies that can accelerate the transition. 
We need to do both.” 

and key stakeholders. This includes a long-term net zero financing commitment and three related interim goals where we 
see opportunities to support our clients’ decarbonization strategies in the Energy, Power, and Auto Manufacturing sectors. 
In addition, we set a $750 billion sustainable finance target by 2030, and we are approximately 75% of the way there after 
just four years. We are committed to continuing to invest in our capabilities so we can expand the range of sustainable 
finance solutions we can provide, and later this year, we plan to provide an update on our net zero sectoral targets. 

Beyond our business, we continue to build partnerships globally to address market gaps. In 2023, we completed allocating 
$25 million in philanthropic capital to the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, a blended-finance facility we created 
with Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Asian Development Bank. Launched in 2021, the fund has catalyzed approximately 
$500 million in private and public capital to support seven climate solution projects in South and Southeast Asia. 

In the US, our partnerships continue to promote sustainable economic growth through entrepreneurship. In 2023, we 
expanded our work supporting small businesses with the launch of 10,000 Small Businesses Investment in Rural Communities, 
our $100 million commitment to bring our flagship business education program to 20 rural states over the next five years. 
We also have extended our One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, an education initiative to help Black women 
solopreneurs grow their businesses. More than 600 Black women from 40 states have participated so far. 

There’s plenty of work ahead, and we’re ready for the challenge. By supporting our clients and working with our partners, 
we will continue to execute our sustainability strategy and create long-term value for our shareholders. 

~

(

David Solomon 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

4 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 02 

Introduction 

At Goldman Sachs, we aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial 
institution, united by our shared values of partnership, client service, 
integrity, and excellence. 

These core shared values have guided us over the years and have helped 
us develop our client-centric sustainability strategy, focused on helping 
our clients achieve their objectives. In this section, we provide an overview 
of Goldman Sachs, our sustainable finance strategy and our sustainability-
dedicated client-facing teams and capabilities we bring to clients, and 
progress toward our $750 billion sustainable finance target. 

In This Section 

6	 

7	 

9	 

14 

About Goldman Sachs 

Historical Sustainability Milestones 
at Goldman Sachs 

Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Our Sustainable Finance 
Framework and Sustainable 
Finance Commitment 

5 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
02 | Introduction 

About Goldman Sachs 
Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial 
services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, 
governments, and individuals. We operate two primary businesses: Global Banking & Markets 
and Asset & Wealth Management. 

Global Banking & Markets (GBM) provides financing, advisory services, risk distribution, 
and hedging for our institutional and corporate clients. GBM includes our Investment Banking, 
Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC), and Equities activities. 

Asset & Wealth Management (AWM) provides investment services to help clients preserve 
and grow financial assets and achieve their financial goals. We manage assets across a broad 
range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income, and private 
markets. Goldman Sachs Alternatives activities, which are typically longer-term, include 
investments in private equity, private credit, real estate, and infrastructure assets. Within Private 
Wealth Management (PWM), we provide tailored wealth advisory services to clients. 

2023 Financial Performance¹ 
(Net Revenue, USD millions)

 Global Banking & Markets

■ 

 Asset & Wealth Management

■ 

 Platform Solutions 

■ 

$30B 
GBM 

Total 

$46B 

$14B 
AWM 

We aspire to be 
the world’s most 
exceptional financial 
institution, united 
by our shared values 
of partnership, client 
service, integrity, 
and excellence. 

1	 Goldman Sachs: 2023 Goldman Sachs 10-K. 

6 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
 
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
02 | Introduction 

Historical Sustainability Milestones at Goldman Sachs 
Building on decades of experience from our commercial approach to sustainability, we anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our clients to develop and deliver new sustainable finance services 
and solutions that help them deliver on their most important sustainability priorities. 

Our Long-Standing Commitment to Sustainability 
We have been helping our clients and partners achieve their sustainability objectives for more than 
two decades, beginning with the launch of our Urban Investment Group in 2001 and our partnership 
with the Wildlife Conservation Society to form Karukinka Natural Park in 2004. In 2005, we became 
one of the first US banks to develop an Environmental Policy Framework. Over time, we have grown 
our sustainability-related expertise within our business segments and scaled our suite of sustainable 
finance capabilities and solutions to meet the growing demand from our clients. 

2001 
Launched Urban Investment 
Group, committing ~$19 billion 
to date 

2004 
Announced partnership with 
Wildlife Conservation Society 
to form Karukinka Natural Park 
to preserve in perpetuity more 
than 735,000 acres of land in 
Tierra del Fuego at the southern 
tip of South America 

2005 
One of the first US 
banks to develop an 
Environmental Policy 
Framework 

2007 
Launched GS SUSTAIN, which 
provides research and data tools to 
clients exploring how innovation, 
regulation, and implementation 
of environmental, social, and 
governance-related topics will 
impact sustainable investing and 
broader capital flows 

2008 
Launched 10,000 Women, 
reaching over 200,000 
women across 150 countries 
since inception 

2009 
Launched 10,000 Small Businesses, 
serving over 17,000 entrepreneurs 
to date, representing more than 
330,000 employees and $33 billion 
in total revenue 

2012 
Inaugural clean energy 
financing and investment 
target set 

2014 
10,000 Women and International 
Finance Corporation launched the 
Women Entrepreneurs Opportunity 
Facility, reaching more than 
200,000 women entrepreneurs 
and unlocking ~$7.5 billion in loans 
to women-owned businesses 
since inception 

2015 
Reached carbon neutrality 
across operations and 
business travel 

Acquired Imprint Capital 
Advisors 

2019 
Established the Sustainable 
Finance Group 

Announced $750 billion 
Sustainable Finance 
Commitment by 2030 

Launched Carbonomics, our 
flagship research series on the 
economics of decarbonization 

I 
2020 

I 
2021 

I 
2022 

I 
2023 

Created GBM’s Sustainable 
Banking Group 

Acquired NN Investment 
Partners to benefit from 
combining its sustainability-
related expertise and 
capabilities with ours 

Created AWM’s 
Sustainable Investing 
Group and GBM’s 
Commodities 
Sustainable Solutions 

Launched One Million Black Women in partnership with Black 
women–led organizations to invest $10 billion in investment 
capital and $100 million in philanthropic capital to impact the 
lives of at least one million Black women and girls by 2030 

Committed to aligning our financing activities with 
a net zero by 2050 pathway and expanded our operational 
commitment to target net zero for our supply chain 

Issued $800 million inaugural Goldman Sachs benchmark 
Sustainability Bond 

Announced Goldman Sachs Bloomberg Climate Finance 
Partnership, including the Climate Innovation and 
Development Fund alongside the Asian Development Bank 

Launched Carbon Portfolio Analytics for clients in Marquee 

Became founding US bank member of open source data 
non-profit OS-Climate 

Launched ESG Beacon to source, model, and deliver 
sustainability data to our businesses 

All to date figures are as of December 31, 2023, unless otherwise specified. 

Unlocked ~$500 million of blended 
private and public sector finance 
through the Climate Innovation and 
Development Fund 

Raised ~$2.6 billion for climate transition– 
related Horizon strategies 

Expanded Marquee’s portfolio offering 
to allow clients to assess their portfolios’ 
climate transition 

Launched 10,000 Small Businesses 
Investment in Rural Communities to expand 
business education and capital access 
programs to 20 rural US states over 
the next five years 

Goldman Sachs Asset Management 
(GSAM) named Top 3 Sustainable 
Alternatives Manager by PEI Media 

7 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
02 | Introduction | Historical Sustainability Milestones at Goldman Sachs 

Recent Sustainability Milestones 
We have achieved meaningful milestones across a number of key initiatives:¹ 

Firmwide Sustainable Finance Milestone

 ~$555B 

sustainable finance activity 
since 2019

 ~$2.5B 

of Goldman Sachs sustainability 
issuances² since 2021

 ~$9.4B 

private markets impact capital, 
ranking Goldman Sachs as 
the world’s third-largest private 
markets impact manager³ 

Climate Transition

 ~$2.6B 

raised for climate transition– 
related Horizon strategies4

Inclusive Growth 

+$19B 

deployed since launch 
of the Urban Investment 
Group in real estate 
projects, social enterprises, 
and lending facilities for 
small businesses 

 ~$77B 

notional value of primary 
market climate-related 
debt issuance5 in which 
Goldman Sachs participated

 ~$500M 

private and public sector capital 
unlocked by Climate Innovation 
and Development Fund, including 
for some first-of-their-kind projects 
and solutions in areas of Vietnam 
and India 

+$2.3B 

investment capital and 
$33 million in philanthropic 
capital committed since 
launch of One Million 
Black Women, building the 
foundation to impact 
the lives of over 200,000 
Black women and girls 

+$750M 

committed to 10,000 Small Businesses 
with a recent $100 million expansion 
of 10,000 Small Businesses Investment 
in Rural Communities, expanding 
business education and capital 
access programs to 20 rural US 
states over the next five years 

+$3B 

philanthropic giving 
worldwide, benefiting 
over 10,800 non-profits 
in 140 countries 

1	 As of December 31, 2023, unless otherwise specified. 
2	 Represents gross issuance size. 
3	 AUM based on private impact capital raised over past five years through March 2023 by Goldman Sachs Alternatives, the Urban Investing Group, and External Investing Group (XIG). 

Impact capital is defined by GIIN’s definition of impact, namely: Impact investments are investments made with the intention to generate positive, measurable social and environmental 
impact alongside a financial return in private markets. PEI Media ranks Goldman Sachs as the world’s third-largest manager of private markets impact capital in the latest New Private 
Markets impact 50. Paywalled, source: New Private Markets: Impact 50: The scale-up of impact continues, June 2023. 

4	 Includes all capital closed as of 12/31/2023. 
5	 Total notional value of issuances on which Goldman Sachs had a role. Climate-related debt includes Green, Sustainability and Transition bonds as well as Sustainability-linked bonds per 

Bloomberg from 01/01/23 to 01/01/24. 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

8 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
02 | Introduction 

Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 
As a leading global financial institution with sustainability expertise across our organization, 
we are supporting $750 billion in sustainable investing, financing, and advisory activities by 
2030, leveraging our commercial capabilities and solutions to help our clients achieve their 
sustainability goals. 

Introduction to Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

As an investment bank, asset manager, corporate issuer, and risk manager, Goldman Sachs is uniquely positioned to help our clients 
achieve their sustainability objectives — from companies, institutional investors, and governments to individuals — each with their own 
distinct set of sustainability priorities. The three levers of our client-focused sustainable finance strategy help us drive long-term value 
for our shareholders. 

1 Working 

With Clients 

2 Managing 

Our Firm 

3 Addressing 

Market Gaps 

Working With Clients 

Addressing Market Gaps 

Our sustainability strategy is centered on how we help our clients 
achieve their sustainability objectives. We have developed and 
continue to refine our firmwide One Goldman Sachs commercial 
model that leverages the full depth and breadth of our franchise, 
with the goal of bringing the best of Goldman Sachs and our 
sustainable finance capabilities to our clients. 

Managing Our Firm 

We provide our people with the tools, resources, and support they 
need to enhance the value of our firm by serving our clients. We also 
leverage these capabilities to protect value through managing our 
own global footprint. By tending to our operations and supply chain, 
we strive to lead through action to advance sustainable business 
outcomes over the long term. We also aim to actively manage 
climate and other environmental and social-related risks, while 
preparing for upcoming sustainability-related regulation. 

When we and our clients identify gaps in the marketplace, we 
seek to address them by leveraging our existing capabilities and 
those of our strategic partners. Our external partnerships and 
strategic philanthropy support our work to develop innovative 
solutions to help our clients. The lessons we learn further inform the 
development and execution of our sustainable finance capabilities 
and the solutions we bring to our clients and to markets. 

As an example, we see policy shifts that are beginning to 
incentivize investment in critical minerals and battery production 
at scale, and we have identified opportunities in the marketplace 
to bring together the public and private sectors to support 
initiatives including blended finance; we work closely with our 
clients and strategic partners to help address these gaps. 

9 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
02 | Introduction | Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Working With Clients 

We continue to integrate sustainability-related expertise into our primary businesses and across 
the firm. Our growing suite of sustainable finance services and solutions, delivered through our 
One Goldman Sachs commercial model, allows us to bring clients the best of Goldman Sachs to 
help them achieve their sustainability goals. 

Global Banking & Markets 

Asset & Wealth Management 

Sustainability Advisory: Advisory, M&A, IPO, Activism, 
and Decarbonization strategies 

Sustainability Advisory: Client advisory in developing organizational 
approach and portfolio, asset class, and thematic investing strategies 

Transition Capital and Financing With Sustainable-Themed 
Products: Early-stage growth equity, financing for legacy 
asset conversion, project financing for green CapEx initiatives, 
tax equity, sustainable urban development, and sustainable-
themed products such as structured notes, custom baskets, and 
portfolio transition trades 

ESG Financing and Investor Connectivity: Traditional and innovative 
debt and equity financing products, ESG investor connectivity 

Sponsor/Client Coverage and Analytics: Coverage resources for 
ESG content and support for ESG-oriented investors and emerging 
energy transition companies, and bespoke investor analytics, including 
carbon, climate transition, and ESG portfolio analytics 

Research, Data, and Analytics: Analyses and tools to help clients 
analyze their portfolios, and climate intelligence to support investment 
decision-making 

Client Products and Solutions: A growing range of products 
and custom capabilities for clients that include: 

•	  Incorporation of climate and inclusive growth considerations across 

certain funds, as well as products dedicated to those themes 

•	  Development of dedicated internally managed, comingled, 

and custom options spanning both public and private markets 

•	  Extensive range of external/open architecture public and private 

investment options through Imprint 

Environmental and Raw Material Markets: 
Renewable energy and renewable energy certificates 
supply, procurement, and risk management, 
principal financing across environmental product 
and carbon markets, trading and risk management 
in raw material markets relevant to climate 
transition, e.g., battery metals 

Ongoing Engagement: Dedicated transition-
focused resources for portfolio companies (e.g., 
Value Accelerator), public company engagement 
on policy and disclosure, timetable of expectations 
for emissions disclosure and targets for relevant 
verticals, and portfolio companies GHG¹ measurement 
support program 

One 
Goldman 
Sachs 

Global Investment Research 

GS SUSTAIN: Research and data tools to help 
clients explore how innovation, regulation, and implementation 
of sustainability topics will impact sustainable investing 
and broader capital flows 

Carbonomics: Flagship series dedicated to examining the 
economics of decarbonization and sustainable growth, providing in-depth 
analysis of costs, incentives, and financing options for key technologies 
underpinning the paths to net zero carbon 

“Our firm serves a wide range of clients, each with its own distinct set of preferences and objectives. 
Our One Goldman Sachs operating ethos helps us deliver the best of our firm’s sustainable finance 
expertise, insights, and capabilities to our clients to help them advance their strategic priorities.” 

John Waldron  President and COO 

1	 Greenhouse gases (GHG) are defined as gases that trap heat in the atmosphere, and include carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), and fluorinated gases. Each gas, when 

combusted, has a different warming impact on the atmosphere, otherwise known as Global Warming Potential (GWP). In our metrics, we use CO2 equivalents (CO2e) to capture the contributions 
of all GHGs in our physical emissions intensities. 

10 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
 
	
	
	
02 | Introduction | Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Working With Clients (continued) 

Our primary businesses deliver our firm’s sustainable finance strategy to clients. Below are 
sustainability-dedicated client-facing groups that are leading the delivery of our sustainable finance 
capabilities to clients from all sectors of the real economy across both public and private markets. 

Global Banking & Markets 

Our Global Banking & Markets franchise provides sustainability-related financing, advisory services, and risk management. 
Within GBM, there are several key groups that contribute to our sustainable finance initiatives. 

The Sustainable Banking Group (SBG) specializes in delivering bespoke analytics, advice, commercialization, and capital 
solutions for clients focused on energy transition, on advancing their decarbonization goals and sustainability profiles, the circular 
economy, and on nature. These capabilities include traditional debt and equity finance, blended finance, structured finance, and 
M&A advisory. The Commodities Sustainable Solutions team helps drive our climate objectives across commodities markets by 
providing principal financing and trading solutions in areas such as clean power and carbon markets as they work with our clients 
to help them achieve their net zero climate transition objectives. 

Asset & Wealth Management 

Our Asset & Wealth Management business provides clients breadth via sustainability-related capabilities, across public and private 
markets, proprietary and third-party products, portfolio strategy and implementation, and depth, including specialist sustainability 
teams and strategies. 

AM Sustainable Client Solutions is a dedicated sales and distribution team within AWM that mobilizes the full range of insights, 
advisory services, and investment solutions for our clients. Public Markets Investing has certain investment teams and capabilities 
as well as support roles that may focus on climate transition and inclusive growth, from research and data to investment teams and 
stewardship. Within Public Markets, the Sustainable Investing and Innovation Platform acts as a central resource for Sustainable Investing 
(SI) and provides enhanced SI-tooling, data, and research capabilities. Goldman Sachs Alternatives¹ also has teams specializing in 
sustainable investing. Sustainability integration is led by the Sustainability & Impact team, which specializes in operationalizing and 
scaling sustainability capabilities across the investing sleeves. The Sustainable Investing Group specializes in investing across the climate 
transition and inclusive growth thematics, partnering with clients through a series of Goldman Sachs Horizon strategies. 

Enhancing Our Sustainability-Related Commercial Solutions for Clients 

We continue to leverage complementary strengths of our existing investing teams to launch new sustainability-related strategies in line with many 
of our clients’ preferences. For example, in March 2023, we launched a Global Impact Corporate Bond strategy and a USD Green Bond strategy 
managed by a dedicated Green, Social, and Impact bonds team that joined the firm through our acquisition of NN IP in 2022. Further expanding on 
our combined strengths, we recently launched a Global Green Bond strategy that leverages our acquired expertise in green bond investing within 
a passive investment approach. 

1	 Previously known as Private Markets Investing in prior reporting. 

11 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
02 | Introduction | Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Working With Clients (continued) 

Asset & Wealth Management (continued) 

Our External Investing Group (XIG) is responsible for identifying, researching, and selecting leading third-party investment 
managers. Imprint is a dedicated team within XIG focused on thematic research, manager selection, and co-investments across 
sustainable growth themes. Within our Private Wealth Management (PWM) business, the Sustainable Solutions Group (SSG) 
advises clients on developing their sustainable investing strategy and works closely with firmwide resources to drive innovation 
and product offerings to help meet our clients’ sustainable and impact investing goals. 

Global Investment Research 

Our Global Investment Research (GIR) team is instrumental in informing and educating our clients and investors about 
sustainability. Within GIR, two key research initiatives, GS SUSTAIN and Carbonomics, provide invaluable insights to inform 
sustainable investment decisions. 

GS SUSTAIN, established in 2007, provides research and data tools to clients exploring how innovation, regulation, and 
implementation of sustainability topics will impact sustainable investing and broader capital flows. Carbonomics, launched in 
2019, is GIR’s flagship series dedicated to examining the economics of decarbonization and sustainable growth, providing in-depth 
analysis of costs, incentives, and financing options for key technologies underpinning the paths to net zero carbon emissions. 

12 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
02 | Introduction | Our Sustainable Finance Strategy 

Managing Our Firm and Addressing Market Gaps 

In 2019, the Executive Office (EO) launched the Sustainable Finance Group (SFG) to formalize 
and drive the firm’s sustainability strategy and related efforts across Goldman Sachs. 

In partnership with other EO teams including Office of Government & Regulatory Affairs, Investor 
Relations, Corporate Communications, and others, SFG advances the firm’s integrated commercial 
approach to sustainability through central coordination of our firm’s regulatory preparedness, 
targets and commitments, reporting, strategic partnerships, environmental and social risk policies, 
and our cross-segment commercial delivery strategy. 

Targets and Commitments 
Manages sustainable finance 
and other business-related 
sustainability targets and related 
integration strategy, including the 
firmwide $750 billion sustainable 
finance commitment and 2030 
sectoral portfolios’ physical 
emissions intensity targets. 

Sustainability Reporting 
Leads strategy and execution 
of flagship firmwide voluntary 
sustainability reporting, and advises 
on sustainability and climate-
focused reports developed by 
the firm’s businesses and 
regional groups. 

Cross-Segment Strategy 
Coordinates strategic firmwide 
commercial opportunities, 
subject to existing firm policies, 
procedures and controls. 

Our Integrated, 
Firmwide 
Sustainability 
Strategy 

Regulatory Preparedness 
Provides sustainability-related 
expertise to help inform the firm’s 
approach to regulatory sustainability 
reporting implementation. 

Environmental and 
Social Risk 
Oversees the firmwide EPF and 
global transaction guidance to 
protect the firm s reputation 
’
by navigating sustainability risks 
that may be associated with 
commercial opportunities. 

Strategic Partnerships 
Identifies and delivers external 
partnerships that enable Goldman 
Sachs to support our work to develop 
innovative solutions to help our clients. 
The lessons we learn further inform 
the development and execution of 
our sustainable finance capabilities 
and the solutions we bring to 
our clients and to markets. 

Other internal functional groups supporting the firm’s sustainability strategy include Controllers, Risk, Sustainable Operations and 
ESG Beacon, among others. Please see the Protecting the Value of Our Firm section for more information on these groups. 

13 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
02 | Introduction 

Our Sustainable Finance Framework 
and Sustainable Finance Commitment 
In 2019, we launched our Sustainable Finance Framework and announced our firmwide 10-year, 
$750 billion sustainable finance commitment to support client demand for sustainable finance 
solutions across our financing, investing, and advisory work with clients. 

Our Sustainable Finance Framework 

Designed to support our sustainable finance strategy, our Sustainable Finance Framework is organized around two sustainability 
themes we expect to facilitate the greatest impact through our commercial work with clients and strategic partners — Climate Transition 
and Inclusive Growth. The five sub-themes within Climate Transition and four sub-themes within Inclusive Growth help us prioritize 
how we continue to develop and refine our sustainable finance capabilities to meet both current and future client demand. 

Our Sustainable Finance Framework 

Climate Transition 

Inclusive Growth 

Clean Energy 
Enable renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, 
and grid services. 

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare 
Enable the use of digital technology, advanced devices, 
and diagnostics for better outcomes. 

Sustainable Transport 
Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles, 
connected services, autonomous driving, and public 
transportation development. 

Sustainable Food and Agriculture 
Enable green agricultural production, storage, processing, 
and distribution to feed the world. 

Waste and Materials 
Promote sustainable production and consumption, 
along with responsible waste management. 

Ecosystem Services 
Contribute to the sustainable management of 
natural resources and monetize the value of forests, 
water, and biodiversity. 

Financial Inclusion 
Advance financial inclusion for all, including underserved 
populations, by promoting access to capital, financial technology, 
and products that increase access, support financial health, 
and drive more equitable economic growth. 

Accessible and Affordable Education 
Enable greater access to education, improve learning outcomes, 
and help close opportunity gaps for learners of all ages. 

Communities 
Enable infrastructure development, affordable housing, 
and livelihood advancement. 

14 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
02 | Introduction | Our Sustainable Finance Framework and Sustainable Finance Commitment 

Facilitating Our Clients’ Priorities Through 
Our $750B Sustainable Finance Commitment 

Since setting our 10-year goal, we’ve achieved approximately $555 billion in commercial activity, including $302 billion in Climate 
Transition, $74 billion in Inclusive Growth, and the remainder in multiple themes.¹ This progress demonstrates our ability to capture 
client demand by directing capital toward solutions that help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives. For more information 
on contribution by business segment and sub-theme, please see the Metrics and Targets section. 

Progress Toward 2030 Target 

Notable Transactions 

Redwood Materials 
Theme: Climate Transition 
Business Segment: AWM 

$750B 

Goldman Sachs Alternatives co-led the $1 billion Series D 
funding round to support Redwood Materials, a leading 
lithium-ion battery materials manufacturer, in its effort to 
develop and localize the US’ battery supply chain for electric 
vehicles and energy storage. 

 ~$555B 

Achievement to date 

Amara NZero 
Theme: Climate Transition 
Business Segment: GBM 

Goldman Sachs acted as Joint Global Coordinator and Joint 
Physical Bookrunner on Amara NZero’s €270 million Green Senior 
Secured Notes. Amara is a global leading distributor of products 
and services used in the energy transition, directly contributing to 
worldwide decarbonization efforts. This was one of the first high-
yield green bonds with proceeds used for acquisition financing, 
aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. Amara published 
a Green Bond Framework with a Second Party Opinion. 

Grow Therapy 
Theme: Inclusive Growth 
Business Segment: AWM 

Goldman Sachs Alternatives invested in Grow Therapy, 
a leading behavioral health provider enablement platform 
striving to create a more accessible healthcare industry by 
allowing mental health professionals to find patients, conduct 
virtual or in-person visits, and bill and collect payments. 

The Ohio State University 
Theme: Inclusive Growth 
Business Segment: GBM 

Goldman Sachs’ Higher Education team served as lead Dealer 
Manager for The Ohio State University on an innovative liability 
management transaction targeting $600 million of outstanding 
debt. The transaction was part of a larger bond financing that 
raised $300 million of proceeds for a new in-patient hospital 
facility at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center. 

Climate Transition 
$302B

Inclusive Growth 
$74B 

Remainder in 
Multiple Themes 

In the next section of this report, we share how we are helping our clients capture opportunities 
and address market gaps to help them achieve their sustainability goals.² 

1	 Includes activity relating to both Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth. 
2	 Case study examples in the Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners section are for illustrative purposes only 

and in limited instances do not fall within scope of Goldman Sachs’ $750 billion Sustainable Finance Commitment. 

15 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 03 

Thematic 
Opportunities 
With Our Clients 
and Partners 

Our clients continue to seek markets expertise, access to capital, and innovative 
sustainable finance solutions to support their decarbonization and sustainable 
growth strategies. Through our recent work with clients in all sectors of the real 
economy across public and private markets, we share six thematic opportunities 
in today’s marketplace. 

In This Section 

17 

Leveraging Data and Metrics 
for Better Decision-Making 

24  Mobilizing Transition Finance 
Through Public-Private 
Partnerships 

31 

40 

Unlocking Economic 
Opportunities 

Scaling Technology Solutions 
to Support the Energy 
Transition 

46 

53 

Enabling the New 
Transportation Sector 
Value Chain 

Preserving Natural 
Capital and Protecting 
Biodiversity 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

16 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Leveraging Data 
and Metrics for 
Better Decision-
Making 

In This Chapter 

19 

20 

23 

Our Centralized Sustainability 
Data Hub 

Leveraging Data to Support 
a Range of Investors 

Exploring GenAI to Support 
Our Clients and Our Reporting 

17 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

At Goldman Sachs, data informs our decision-making, from how we manage our firm to how 
we help our clients deliver on their sustainability ambitions. As an investment bank, asset 
manager, corporate issuer, and risk manager, we seek to use measurement approaches and 
analytical tools to improve our identification and management of risks and opportunities. 
Not only is data a fundamental component of regulatory preparedness, it also enables our 
tracking and reporting on progress toward our existing targets and commitments and bringing 
differentiated insights to our clients. 

Today’s sustainability data landscape is complex and developing. Reliability of this data remains a key challenge for many 
companies and investors to execute their sustainability strategies. While the data landscape continues to evolve, significant 
challenges remain, particularly the availability, consistency, and comparability of decision-useful data. 

The proliferation of fragmented sustainability disclosure requirements across jurisdictions creates further complexity as well 
as the potential for higher compliance costs, driven by new operational processes, reporting, and related controls associated 
with this data. As we continue our effort to comply with existing and forthcoming regional sustainability reporting requirements 
focused on financial materiality, e.g., United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority’s Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures, we also are preparing for the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) that mandates 
the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), which requires both financial and impact-related disclosures. 

As we assess the data landscape in preparation for our mandatory firmwide sustainability reporting in 2025, we continue our 
work with today’s data to develop both commercial and risk management tools and solutions to help our clients and firm 
improve decision-making capabilities. 

18 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

Our Centralized 
Sustainability Data Hub 
We strive to provide our clients and businesses with the most accurate and decision-
useful data available, leveraging our in-house proprietary solutions and external resources. 
We provide our clients with tools to help them consistently and effectively evaluate their 
climate performance and progress, identify opportunities, and allocate capital to meet 
their objectives. 

Overview of Our 
Sustainability Data Journey 

Goldman Sachs has a long history of data engineering; for example, our Securities Database platform was launched 
in 1993 to blend quantitative finance, engineering, and technology. In 2013, Goldman Sachs started to make this available 
to institutional clients via Marquee, our digital platform for institutional and corporate clients. Our platforms continue 
to evolve with the development of open source, cloud native, and AI innovation, but our core tenants remain — collecting 
the highest-quality data and fostering the innovation of best metrics to help build trust. 

Continuing our pursuit of innovative tools and solutions, we launched ESG Beacon in 2021, creating a centralized 
sustainability data hub. A partnership between SFG and our engineering teams, this data hub continues to develop 
solutions to improve decision-making, and manage risk and regulatory change, while delivering unique insights to our 
businesses and clients.¹ 

ESG Beacon: Enabling Firmwide 
Data Integration and Connectivity 

ESG Beacon builds on the firmwide data platform, known as Legend, ensuring integration and connectivity to other 
firmwide data. ESG Beacon provides a dedicated team to source, model, and deliver sustainability data, acting as a utility 
to businesses across the firm. 

ESG Beacon’s approach is to design and curate  data models” — clear names and definitions of the data elements and 
rules of how they link together across topics. Supporting strong data governance, it provides tools to help users translate 
between different models, track lineage back to authoritative sources, and compare multiple primary sources — ultimately 
forming a common data language to enable data integrity and connectivity to support our businesses and clients. 

“ 

Since its launch, ESG Beacon has enabled more effective and efficient sharing and validation of underlying corporate 
emissions and investments data to evaluate climate-related risks and opportunities, monitor progress on public 
sustainability commitments, and prepare for the evolving sustainability reporting landscape. 

1	 Subject to firm policies, procedures, and controls. 

19 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

Leveraging Data to 
Support a Range of Investors 
We have clients across all sectors, including hard-to-abate sectors. As a result, measuring carbon 
emissions is an important tool for managing and monitoring climate risk. By establishing a baseline 
footprint, or estimate of the emissions associated with an entity’s activities, investors and managers 
can make more informed decisions about their strategic plans and set realistic goals for reductions. 
Within our AWM business, we support private portfolio companies as they seek to measure and 
manage their carbon footprint. 

CASE STUDY 

Supporting Carbon Footprint Measurement for 
Goldman Sachs Alternatives Portfolio Companies 

In 2023, we began emissions inventorying our Goldman Sachs 
Alternatives portfolio at scale, developing a program and tools to 
help portfolio companies begin calculating their carbon footprint, 
from measurement through the first steps of decarbonization. 
Through a negotiated agreement with a GHG Accounting service 
provider, Goldman Sachs Alternatives offers to work with participating 
portfolio companies to conduct activity-based emissions accounting 
across Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as to estimate Scope 3 
emissions. Our offering includes an inventory planning exercise 
co-developed by Goldman Sachs Alternatives that was completed 
in 2023, alongside recommendations on data improvements that 
can enhance the quality and usability of their GHG footprints. Based 
on footprint results, our provider also shares bespoke, high-level 
decarbonization recommendations with portfolio companies, allowing 
them to consider the best next steps to decarbonize their businesses. 
Companies can also choose to engage with the provider on net zero 
planning, upstream Scope 3 analysis, and decarbonization planning 
through enhanced SaaS offerings. 

In 2023, 29 companies participated in this program, and our work 
allowed us to help accelerate pilots to bring activity-based emissions 
information from diligence into a detailed decarbonization analysis 
and planning exercise. Their data was also used in fund-level 
decarbonization opportunity assessment and planning exercises to 
enhance our efforts and impact. We continue to expand coverage 
across our portfolio and identify learnings from our work to date, 
including strategies to help improve portfolio company data quality, 
enhance data validation and controls, and provide more actionable 
information to companies and asset managers. 

20 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

Leveraging Data to Support 
a Range of Investors (continued) 

Our clients rely on a wide range of data to support their sustainable 
investing decisions, from asset allocation to investment selection 
and impact measurement. As sustainability investing matures 
and becomes more data-driven, there is rising focus to quantify 
impact — whether environmental or social.¹ Impact metrics such 
as avoided emissions can support sectors that play a critical role 
in emissions outside of traditional pure play green sectors.² 

Marquee MarketView allows institutional 
clients to gain visual insights from the data 
tools provided by GS SUSTAIN. 

To capture this client demand, PWM utilizes its bespoke ESG Portfolio Diagnostic tool, which provides metrics 
to improve transparency on environmental and social issues in public market portfolios for clients. In GBM, 
we have expanded our Marquee offering to include Marquee MarketView, an innovative visual analytics 
dashboarding solution designed to streamline our institutional clients’ investment processes. Providing an 
ecosystem of visual insights developed by Goldman Sachs thought leaders, the tool helps answer important 
questions in global markets — all through a single, unified platform. GIR’s GS SUSTAIN suite of sustainability 
metrics can be visualized in Marquee MarketView. In addition, Marquee’s portfolio analytics help clients 
analyze their portfolios’ climate performance using metrics from GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition Tool. 

CASE STUDY 

Enhancing the GS SUSTAIN Climate Transition Tool 

To meet our clients’ needs to better understand transition risks and opportunities, GIR’s GS SUSTAIN in 2022 developed the Climate Transition 
Tool, which combines existing climate-related disclosures with GS SUSTAIN proprietary Climate Transition metrics, where applicable, to 
quantify the transparency of a company’s climate transition plan and its decarbonization performance. In Q4 2023, Marquee incorporated 
GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition Tool metrics, allowing GBM clients to analyze their portfolios’ climate performance. The Climate Transition 
Tool utilizes 20+ metrics and covers more than 7,000 public companies across 50+ sectors, including 3,200+ in the Americas, 2,600+ in APAC, 
and 1,200+ in EMEA. The Climate Transition Tool provides a view on companies’ climate transition efforts through the lens of two distinct 
frameworks with associated scores: 

The Transition Plan Transparency framework is an absolute assessment of companies’ disclosures across metrics that demonstrate whether 
a company has a transition strategy in place (e.g., targets) and how integrated the strategy is with the broader business strategy (e.g., Task 
Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures support, assurance of disclosures). 

The Transition Performance framework is a sector-relative assessment, factoring in changes in the carbon emissions profile of a company 
and green business mix exposures (e.g., green revenue and green CapEx), incorporating GIR research analysts’ forward-looking estimates 
where applicable. 

“Investors are looking to understand technologies and companies throughout the supply chain that are catalysts for 
returns-enhancing innovation and sustainable improvement, driving our research and analytics to be more forward-looking 
and focused on critical metrics underlying opportunity, risk, and performance.” 

Brian Singer  Global Head of GS SUSTAIN, Global Investment Research 

1	 GIR: GS SUSTAIN: Accelerating the Energy Transition: Metrics and Tools to measure progress, November 2022. 
2	 GIR: GS SUSTAIN: Avoided Emissions: How quantifying Avoided Emissions can broaden the decarbonization investment universe, July 2023. 

21 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

Leveraging Data to Support 
a Range of Investors (continued) 

To support our clients in managing risks and capturing opportunities for certain strategies, we have 
developed our own internal sustainability assessment methodology to quantify key sustainability 
metrics to enable comparability across public markets investments, as described below on the left. 
Separately, investors need high-quality, interoperable data to support their investment processes. 
As we expect data quality to improve over time, investors need to invest capital today. Open source 
data can help address this gap, and we share how we are supporting open source climate tools 
with the Linux Foundation below on the right. 

CASE STUDY 

Internally Developed Sustainability 
Measurement Toolkit for Our Public 
Markets Investing Teams 

In April 2024, Asset Management Public 
Markets Investing rolled out an internal 
sustainability measurement toolkit for its 
teams that seek to integrate ESG factors 
or considerations in their investment 
process. The toolkit aims to enhance 
existing internally developed scorecards 
and tooling by incorporating data and 
promoting collaboration among our Public 
Markets Investing teams¹ on sustainability 
issues. The development process focused 
on identifying financially material ESG 
issues for public companies. Based on 
this principle, as well as on existing AWM 
frameworks and industry standards, 
Public Markets Investing built this toolkit 
predicated on 14 key issue areas rolling up 
to six themes and three sub-scores (E, S, 
and G). Recognizing that ESG considerations 
vary by industry, an internal proprietary 
materiality map was created to determine 
the relevant ESG issues for each industry 
based on input from the investment 
teams. The materiality map seeks to rank 
the importance of each issue. The issue 
assessments are designed to quantify each 
of the 14 ESG issues for each company in 
the universe. These quantitative results are 
then aggregated with the materiality map 
into one quantitative ESG measure. Finally, 
where applicable, public equity and credit 
analysts may use the toolkit to inform their 
overall view, including their ESG rating. 

CASE STUDY 

Supporting Open Source Climate Tools 
With the Linux Foundation 

Goldman Sachs supports open source tools and analytics that our clients 
and others can use to advance solutions to data challenges through our 
participation in various industry groups. For example, Open Source Climate 
(OS-Climate) — an umbrella project of the Linux Foundation using open 
source best practices — was launched with the aim of building a non-profit, 
transparently governed public utility of climate-related data and analytics to 
rapidly scale investment in the climate transition. Since becoming OS-Climate’s 
founding US bank member in 2021, we have supported the non-profit’s work 
to develop an open source data platform and net zero alignment tools that 
can be used across industries. Through our membership in the Fintech Open 
Source Foundation (FINOS) — a fellow project of the Linux Foundation — 
Goldman Sachs has contributed to the open source design of sustainability 
reporting tools to help increase data transparency, accuracy, and efficiency, 
and support higher levels of audit assurance. In November 2023, Goldman 
Sachs hosted a daylong Hackathon, where more than 60 professionals from 
more than 15 firms, including non-profits, data-vendors, financial services, 
lineage-platforms, consultants, and auditors, participated. We joined in testing 
climate data’s journey from collection to aggregation to digital reporting, and 
plan to continue contributing to open source solutions that help address 
some of today’s common data challenges. 

1	 The sustainability measurement toolkit was developed for Goldman Sachs Asset Management public teams only and is subject to internal information barrier restrictions. 

The toolkit was designed to cover corporate public equities and fixed income securities, but is subject to data availability and subject to change at any time. 

22 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Leveraging Data and Metrics for Better Decision-Making 

Exploring GenAI to Support 
Our Clients and Our Reporting 
In 2023, our firm began exploring how Generative AI (GenAI) could help advance data 
sourcing, verification, and analytics by automatically structuring and summarizing large 
volumes of unstructured data to meet varied and emerging mandatory sustainability reporting 
requirements and help deliver on our clients’ needs. Having high-quality and up-to-date 
data is crucial for providing high-quality solutions to our clients, stakeholders, and regulators. 
However, challenges persist in the sustainability-related data space due to limited company 
reporting, among other factors. Moreover, disclosures of companies in certain geographic 
regions, including Asia, are not published in English, increasing the complexity of the exercise. 
The current manual process is resource-intensive, limiting the depth of analysis and relying 
on readily available metrics rather than harder-to-identify, more comprehensive data. Going 
forward, GenAI could help to address some of these challenges by automating data discovery 
and analytics, offering a front-to-back framework that can be deployed across the entire 
organization, subject to implementation of appropriate controls, to ensure potential risks are 
suitably assessed and managed. In this context, GenAI could help to dynamically collect and 
structure unstructured data based on user-defined terms and be capable of processing data 
in any language. We look forward to continuing to identify ways to advance our GenAI efforts 
to enhance the value we bring to clients and support our own reporting. 

 “Our data engineers work every day to 
enable Goldman Sachs to be a data-driven 
organization. Sustainability data is notoriously 
noisy. As we explore emerging technologies 
like GenAI, our focus is on how to reduce noise 
by curating quality data that can help clients 
with their sustainability goals.” 

Neema Raphael  Chief Data Officer and Head of Data Engineering 

23 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Mobilizing 
Transition Finance 
Through Public-
Private Partnerships 

In This Chapter 

25 

27 

29 

30 

Q&A With Kara Succoso Mangone 
and John Greenwood 

Blending Funds to Unlock Additional Capital 

Supporting Public Policy With Private Investment 

Catalyzing Funding for Specific Regional Needs 

24 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
~$3T–$6T 

investment needed per annum for 
mitigation and adaptation financing 
through 2050¹ 

03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Combining private capital with public funds is critical to catalyzing 
investment in transition finance and meeting the investment 
requirements for mitigation and adaptation financing, estimated 
at $3–$6 trillion per year through 2050.¹ Since 2015, Goldman Sachs 
has been working with clients to help develop innovative blended 
finance structures to attract commercial capital toward projects 
that contribute to sustainable development. We continue to work 
with our clients to help increase financing for solutions through the 
development of innovative sustainable financing structures. 

Below is an excerpt of a recent discussion on the role of public-private partnerships and 
related financing structures with Kara Succoso Mangone and John Greenwood. 

Q&A With Kara Succoso Mangone 
and John Greenwood 

(left) Kara Succoso Mangone, 
Head of Sustainable Finance Group 

(right) John Greenwood, Co-Head 
of Americas Structured Finance 
and Head of Investment Banking 
for Latin America 

Q: Why is blended finance a compelling tool for investing in emerging markets today, and what are some 
of the challenges in traditional finance that public-private partnerships can help overcome? 

Kara: Private investors will often shy away from certain projects or markets because of specific risks that cannot be 
well managed, particularly in developing economies. There are several traditional finance-related challenges that public-
private partnerships can help overcome. For example, by blending different sources of capital with discrete financial 
return objectives, this approach can crowd in additional pools of capital for development projects in emerging markets 
that might not have been available otherwise. In addition, blended finance transactions can serve as a demonstration of 
commercial viability and financial sustainability of projects, which can help scale up additional investments and a broader 
range of stakeholders to engage in future projects with similar risk profiles. 

Q: What are some effective public-private financing structures you’ve seen in the marketplace? 
And, at what stage(s) of a project are they typically used? 

John: We’ve seen public and philanthropic investors provide capital on below-market terms within the capital 
structure to lower the overall cost of capital or provide an additional layer of protection to private investors. Other times, 
development banks can help provide credit enhancements through guarantees or insurance. One of the compelling 
benefits of blended finance is that it can be used at different stages of a project, from providing a bridge for early-stage 
front-end engineering and design and permitting, to projects that have reached final investment decision that require 
catalytic capital to fill return profile gaps and crowd in additional funds. In addition, it can also be used by low-carbon 
companies in need of concessionary capital to help scale their technologies or solutions. 

1	 Prasad et al.: Mobilizing Private Climate Financing in Emerging Market and Developing Economies, July 2022. 

25 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Q&A With Kara Succoso Mangone 
and John Greenwood (continued) 

Q: In 2021, the firm launched the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, in partnership with Bloomberg 
Philanthropies and the Asian Development Bank. What was the objective of the fund, how was it structured, 
and are there any early results you can share? 

Kara: The Asian Development Bank recently estimated ~$700B of investment per annum is required through 2050 to 
achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement.¹ Addressing market gaps like this with strategic partners is a core feature of 
our firm’s sustainable finance strategy. Complementing our structuring and financing capabilities and expertise with the 
Asian Development Bank’s on-the-ground experience and relationships in emerging Asian economies and Bloomberg 
Philanthropies’ expertise in market data, we launched the Climate Innovation and Development Fund to help increase the 
pace, scale, and ambition of climate solutions that can contribute to the clean energy transition. Managed by the Asian 
Development Bank and seeded with grant capital from Goldman Sachs Gives and Bloomberg Philanthropies, the fund 
leveraged a unique blended finance facility structure featuring various finance mechanisms to mobilize capital through 
the targeted use of concessional financing, e.g., capital expenditure buy-down grants, performance or milestone-based 
grants, and liquidity reserves. These financing mechanisms were blended with ADB’s own lending, investment, and 
financing mobilized from other investors. 

With the closing of the fund’s seventh and final investment, we’re encouraged by the concessional capital that helped 
unlock ~$500 million in private sector and government investments across seven projects, each aimed at helping accelerate 
technologies and markets for a low-carbon future. 

Q: Public-private partnership has been helpful to mobilize capital for climate transition technologies 
and solutions in emerging markets. Are there any other areas where you see this type of partnership playing 
a key role? 

John: Protecting, preserving, and restoring nature and its ecosystems is inextricably connected with global efforts to 
mitigate the impacts, and adapt to the consequences of, a changing climate. We have already seen some examples of 
how public-private partnership can support natural ecosystems. In 2022, for example, we helped an island country in the 
Caribbean issue debt guaranteed by a development bank to enable the country to advance and protect its blue economy 
by strengthening its resilience through improved climate risk management in coastal and offshore areas, promoting 
better management of marine resources, and reducing marine pollution. We also see new, emerging opportunities to 
help sovereign clients with innovative financing structures. For example, debt-for-nature swaps are a new, innovative tool 
that incentivizes sovereigns, especially developing economies, to protect, preserve, or restore their natural ecosystems in 
exchange for reducing their debt burden. Debt-for-nature swaps can be used to support our sovereign clients in advancing 
their financial, natural capital, and climate-related goals. 

1	 Asia in the Global Transition to Net Zero: Asian Development Outlook 2023 Thematic Report, April 2023. 

26 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Blending Funds to Unlock 
Additional Capital 
The public sector is increasingly seeking innovative financial structures and private sector 
resources to protect consumers from volatile energy prices and promote economic 
growth. Blending public and private funds can increase the pool of resources available 
for development projects and consumer aid. 

In 2022, the Chilean government regulated energy price increases for residential households 
and small companies,¹ and created a new security, known as Client Transitory Protection 
Mechanism (MPC) backed by the Chilean sovereign. These MPC certificates are managed 
by the treasury to compensate power generation companies that receive below-market 
rates due to the law. Under this new structure, micro and small businesses are protected 
from large price increases, while power generation companies can continue to invest in 
infrastructure and provide reliable services to their customers. 

CASE STUDY 

Stabilizing Electricity Prices for 
Consumers With Chile Electricity MPC 
$1.1 Billion Senior Secured Financing 

IDB Invest, the private sector financing arm of 
the Inter-American Development Bank, sought 
to raise money to purchase MPC certificates and 
compensate the power generation companies. 
As Sole Global Coordinator, Sole Placement 
Agent, and Joint Bookrunner, Goldman Sachs led 
a $1.1 billion senior secured financing to purchase 
MPC certificates levering the IDB’s preferred 
creditor status. Moreover, the issuance and the 
broader program offered the participating power 
generation companies liquidity by allowing them 
to monetize their receivables and supported the 
government’s goal of avoiding rises in electricity 
prices to the most vulnerable end consumers. This 
capital will help support the health of the Chilean 
electricity sector, which has seen solar production 
rise by more than 1,000% since 2015.² 

1	 IDB Invest: IDB Invest Supports Electricity Price Stability for Consumers and Small Businesses in Chile, August 2023. 
2	 IEA: Chile — ​Countries & Regions, as of March 2024. 
​

​

27 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Blending Funds to Unlock 
Additional Capital (continued) 

Utilizing public and private funds to diversify energy sources through blended finance can 
improve the stability of energy prices, while helping to ensure reliability and emissions reductions. 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine had created significant volatility in European energy markets, resulting 
in diversification of energy providers. As part of this diversification, Czech hydropower operator 
ENERGO-PRO sought to expand operations and invest in new assets in Europe. 

CASE STUDY 

Diversifying Europe’s Energy Mix With ENERGO-PRO 

To facilitate this diversification, Goldman Sachs acted as Sole Global Coordinator and Bookrunner for ENERGO-PRO’s issuance 
of €300 million Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Notes in July 2023. The issuance also benefited from a $545 million unconditional 
and irrevocable credit guarantee provided by the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation (“DFC” and the “DFC 
Guaranty”); this enabled the issuance to achieve a Moody’s rating of Aa1 (significantly higher than their BBB- corporate rating), 
allowing ENERGO-PRO to secure long-term financing at significant interest rate savings during a period of prolonged volatility 
and regain access to international capital markets. ENERGO-PRO is a leading electricity distribution and renewable generation 
company in the Black Sea region with more than 2.5 million grid customers and 10.5 TWh of distributed electricity, and 34 operating 
hydropower plants with an installed capacity of 749 MW. This transaction allowed ENERGO-PRO to scale its production capabilities 
and will successfully enable the diversification of energy sources in Eastern Europe — helping to create less reliance on Russian 
exported oil and gas and was the DFC’s first guarantee for a bond issuance in Europe and first guaranty under the European Energy 
Security and Diversification Act. 

28 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Supporting Public Policy 
With Private Investment 
In 2015, Goldman Sachs Asset Management acquired the assets of Imprint Capital Advisors, one of the 
largest ESG and impact investors in the industry, and formed External Investing Group (XIG) Imprint. 
XIG Imprint is dedicated to sourcing, driving due diligence on, and investing in, impact managers 
across asset classes and impact themes. XIG Imprint’s investment strategies leverage its rigorous 
manager selection, portfolio construction, risk management, and impact investing expertise.¹ 

Core to this strategy is the identification of opportunities from policy support or incentives. In the 
European market, there are private investment funds dedicated to infrastructure assets, while 
the German government has introduced subsidy regimes that support renewables.² Following 
increased investor interest in climate transition investment opportunities, XIG Imprint invested in 
NeXtWind for a PWM client. NeXtWind is a German onshore wind repowering firm that is taking 
advantage of streamlined permitting and increasing subsidy levels from the German government. 

CASE STUDY 

NeXtWind 

In August 2023, XIG Imprint provided a 
$15 million investment alongside Sandbrook 
Capital into NeXtWind. Founded in 2020, 
NeXtWind has acquired multiple operating 
onshore wind projects and bought an interest 
in a greenfield development. By capitalizing 
on new, efficient wind turbine technology, 
NeXtWind plans to double existing portfolio 
power generation. Additional value creation 
is expected through opportunistic greenfield 
acquisitions. Alongside the core German 
repowering strategy, NeXtWind also plans to 
expand into other adjacent strategies such 
as solar and battery co-location, leveraging 
management team and Sandbrook Capital 
experience. 

1	 Source: XIG Imprint, as of March 2024. The portfolio risk management process includes an effort to monitor and manage risk but does not imply low risk. 
2	 Appunn et al.: Germany’s 2022 renewables and efficiency reforms, December 2022. 

​

​

​

​

​

29 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Mobilizing Transition Finance Through Public-Private Partnerships 

Catalyzing Funding for Specific Regional Needs 
Despite growth in recent years, global climate finance has not yet reached the scale necessary 
to meet the estimated transition requirements. In 2021–2022, average climate finance flows reached 
nearly $1.3 trillion — nearly double 2019–2020 levels, but well below the estimated need.¹ The gap 
is particularly acute in parts of Asia, where local economies remain heavily dependent on public 
sector financing — and where clean energy investment is still in its early stages.² In India alone, it 
is estimated that the power sector has a nearly $650 billion investment opportunity, which would 
support its 450 GW renewable energy target,³ while Vietnam may need $8–$10 billion annually 
over the same period.4 

To help drive more capital into the region to facilitate the energy transition, Goldman Sachs and 
Bloomberg Philanthropies partnered to seed and launch the Climate Innovation and Development 
Fund (CIDF) in 2021, in partnership with the Asian Development Bank. 

CASE STUDY 

Climate Innovation and Development Fund 

In 2021, we announced the launch of the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, a blended finance facility designed to support 
sustainable low-carbon economic development with a focus on South and Southeast Asia to increase the pace, scale, and ambition of 
climate solutions and contribute to the clean energy transition. Managed by the Asian Development Bank and seeded with concessional 
capital from Goldman Sachs and Bloomberg Philanthropies, the CIDF invested across seven projects throughout 2022 and 2023. For more 
information on the CIDF and the approximately $500 million of blended private and public sector finance it helped catalyze for these 
projects, please see the CIDF report.5 

Through the CIDF, we demonstrated that blended finance can serve as a mechanism to increase funding and be a powerful tool to help drive 
sustainable development. Combining different sources of capital enabled CIDF to mobilize significantly more funding for social and infrastructure 
projects. Based on this experience in developing and providing blended finance solutions, we identified six key learnings from CIDF: 

1. Strategic Partnerships 

Strategic partnerships bring added value via pooled experience and expertise. 

2. Additional Capital 

3. Proof-of-Concept 

Blending funds unlocked significant additional capital — more than 20x 
the initial investment on average. 

Blended finance aids in proving the concept for innovative technologies 
and commercial viability. 

4. Project Selection and Visibility 

Rigorous project selection helps address the challenges of prioritizing 
which opportunities to pursue. 

5. Innovative Financing 

Innovative finance mechanisms improve commercial viability. 

6. Regional Focus 

Tailoring funds to specific regions can maximize impact. 

1	 Climate Policy Initiative: Global Landscape of Climate Finance 2023, November 2023. 
2	 GFMA et al.: Climate Finance Markets and the Real Economy, December 2020. 
3	 Climate Finance Leadership Initiative: CFLI India, as of April 2024. 
4	 USAID: Clean Energy, September 2020. 
5	 Goldman Sachs et al.: Progress and Lessons from the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, November 2023. 

30 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Unlocking 
Economic 
Opportunities 

In This Chapter: 

32 

37 

Investing Our Own Capital 
in Our Communities 

Investing in Private Sector 
Solutions for Our Clients 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 

31 

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

In this chapter, we demonstrate how we leverage our firm’s community development capital to 
support our communities across the areas of affordable housing, entrepreneurship, and business 
education. In addition, we share how we invest clients’ assets in private markets for innovative 
education solutions and in public markets for sustainable development. 

Investing Our Own Capital 
in Our Communities 
Our investment strategy in communities is informed by research to identify areas of acute need 
and highest potential impact. In addition to research, listening and responding to community 
needs is core to our approach. Whether it is expanding 10,000 Small Businesses into rural states, 
or launching One Million Black Women: Black in Business to serve solopreneurs, our goal is to direct 
our expertise and investments into high-impact opportunities. Partnerships are also essential 
to our strategy. Academic institutions, Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), 
and other local partners play a critical role in the successful execution of our investments and 
programs, and we are invested in the capacity and resilience of these organizations. 

The impact of our work is far-reaching: 

 +$19B 

of community loans 
and investment since 2001

 +$3B 

philanthropic 
giving worldwide

 +250K 

entrepreneurs served¹

 ~194K 

affordable units built 
or preserved 

1	 Entrepreneurs served across three Goldman Sachs initiatives: 10,000 Small Businesses, 10,000 Women, and One Million Black Women. 

“Driving economic growth and opportunity in communities where 
we work and live continues to be our North Star. We approach 
our community investing with the same rigor and intensity as our 
broader client franchise, with a focus on helping deliver measurable 
impact in the near and long term.” 

Asahi Pompey  Global Head of Corporate Engagement and President of Goldman Sachs Foundation 

32 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
  
 
 
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Supporting Entrepreneurship in Our Communities 

When surveying rural small businesses across the United States, only 7% believe they receive a fair 
amount of private sector resources.¹ Further, 68% of rural businesses report challenges in attracting 
workers to live in their communities, compared with 46% in non-rural communities.² 

In recognition of these challenges faced by rural entrepreneurs, we announced 10,000 Small Businesses 
Investment in Rural Communities, a $100 million commitment to provide business education and 
access to capital to 20 states in the next five years. 

CASE STUDY 

Catalyzing Entrepreneurship in Rural Communities 
With 10,000 Small Businesses 

To help support more businesses throughout the rural US, we launched a $100 million Investment 
in Rural Communities in September 2023 through our existing 10,000 Small Businesses (10KSB) 
program. This investment will provide comprehensive support to rural and small business owners 
and includes $75 million in lending capital to CDFIs, $15 million to fund the 10,000 Small Businesses 
education program at local community colleges, and $10 million in access to capital capacity-
building grants. The initiative plans to reach over 800 rural small business owners across 20 states 
over the next five years, contributing to job creation and economic growth. 

As part of the $75 million commitment to CDFIs, in October we announced the first lending 
commitment of $20 million to the CDFI Hope Enterprise Corporation based in Jackson, Mississippi, 
to help support a broader group of eight smaller CDFIs located throughout the South³ providing 
small business loans and technical assistance in rural communities. Through this initiative, rural 
entrepreneurs will be integrated into a national network of small business owners, creating new 
channels of access for business leaders who would otherwise not have the opportunity to engage. 

Both programs build on our 10KSB program that launched in 2009, which has helped entrepreneurs 
grow their businesses with results-oriented business training, access to capital, and personalized 
support services. In the US, more than 14,500 small business owners have graduated from the 
program, employing over 280,000 people and driving more than $25 billion in annual revenue. 

Lee Porter 
Owner of Ozark Green Roofs 
Fayetteville, Arkansas 

Lee Porter is the owner of Ozark Green 
Roofs in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Her 
admission to 10,000 Small Businesses came at 
a pivotal time in her company’s growth — 
having recently acquired two significant 
contracts to put green roofs on JB Hunt 
Transportation Headquarters and the 
Alice L. Walton School of Medicine. Lee is 
utilizing the 10KSB curriculum and network 
to pivot into a growth period, building off 
her five years of business success, with 
aspirations to be the defining resource for 
green roofs in the state of Arkansas. 

1	 Goldman Sachs: Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Launches $100 Million Investment in Rural Communities Across America, September 2023. 
​
​
2	 Goldman Sachs: Investing $100 million in the heart of rural communities, as of March 2024. 
3	 Goldman Sachs: As Part of $100 Million Investment in Rural Communities, Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses Launches in Arkansas, October 2023. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

33 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Supporting Entrepreneurship 
in Our Communities (continued) 

Largely due to lower earnings and limited access to capital, Black Americans are much less likely 
to own high-return assets, including their own businesses.¹ Only 0.5% of single Black women 
own a business, a rate that is 24 times lower than for single white men.² Our Black Womenomics 
research shows that addressing the earnings gap for Black women could create up to 1.7 million 
US jobs and raise the level of annual US GDP by 1.4%–2.1% per year.³ 

Informed by these findings, Goldman Sachs launched One Million Black Women: Black in Business, 
an education program focused on Black women solopreneurs, providing them with tools and 
business education they need to grow their business, with the aim of bringing job and wealth 
creation to their communities. 

CASE STUDY 

Helping Black Women Solopreneurs Grow 
Revenues and Create Jobs Through One Million 
Black Women: Black in Business 

The One Million Black Women: Black in Business (BIB) initiative is a 
10-week education program that covers topics core to business 
growth, including goal setting, business processes, understanding 
your customer, identifying opportunities for growth, business 
financials, and mastering the business pitch. This philanthropic 
program has now graduated more than 600 Black women solopreneurs 
from across 40 states, including Washington, D.C. Following their 
participation, BIB alumni are immediately demonstrating the impact 
of their involvement: 61% of program alumni reported increases in 
revenues just six months after completing the program, compared 
with 29% for all Black non-employer firms that increase revenues 
at the 12-month mark.4 

In 2024, Black in Business aims to enroll another 450+ solopreneurs 
and partner with New York University Stern School of Business 
as the national academic partner to deliver the curriculum through 
its award-winning faculty. By expanding the national network of 
small business owners, BIB alumni will continue to grow their access 
to business knowledge and support. 

Recent alumni have been able to apply their learnings 
directly to their business and grow: 

Subena Colligan 
CEO of EHS Transformation Consultants 
Cohort 4/Georgia 

Subena is CEO and founder of EHS Transformation Consultants, an 
occupational health and safety consulting firm that specializes in 
transforming unsafe workplaces into industry benchmarks. An Air Force 
veteran, Subena took the leap into entrepreneurship in 2021 using her 
401(k) to seed her business. 

After graduating from the One Million Black Women: Black in Business 
program, Subena gained confidence, increased her revenue, and 
extended her client roster to include a Fortune 500–ranked company, 
major academic institution, and national baked goods producer. 

Marsha Williams 
Owner, R/E Brokerages of America 
Cohort 2/Virginia 

Marsha is owner of R/E Brokerages of America, which offers real 
estate, property management, commercial facility management, and 
relocation services. She founded the company in 2021, leveraging her 
20+ years of real estate experience. 

Upon entering the One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, 
Marsha set a goal to scale her business and hire her first employee. 
After completing the program, Marsha expanded her team and brought 
on new employees, attributing her business growth to the program’s 
impact, contributing to greater job creation in Virginia. 

1	 Goldman Sachs: Black Womenomics: Investing in the Underinvested, March 2021. 
2	 Ibid. 
3	 Ibid. 
4	 FED Small Business: 2023 Report on Nonemployer Firms: Findings from the 2022 Small Business Credit Survey, May 2023. 

34 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Improving Housing Affordability to 
Promote Stability and Opportunity 

Housing affordability is a major obstacle to growth for advanced economies and is especially 
acute in the United States. Almost half of American households that rent are cost burdened, defined 
as spending more than 30% of their gross income on rent, while nearly a quarter of American 
homeowners are also classified as cost burdened.¹ 

Housing affordability does not just impact the individual lives of those struggling to make ends 
meet — it also has a direct consequence on the broader economy. Without access to affordable 
housing, families have fewer opportunities to increase their earnings, creating an estimated $2 trillion 
annual drag on US GDP growth from lower wages and productivity.² Addressing the housing 
affordability gap, including the lack of financing for low-income housing, can enhance opportunities 
across our communities. 

There is a demonstrated need for more housing stock to be developed, and yet Minority Business 
Enterprises (MBEs) face challenges securing financing for property development due to stringent 
net worth and liquidity requirements from traditional lenders. To connect MBEs to much-needed 
capital, we launched the Minority Business Enterprise Developers Guaranty Facility in New York 
City this past year. 

Asahi Pompey, Global Head of Corporate Engagement, 
speaks at the launch event at City Hall in New York City 
to announce the $50 million guaranty facility. 

CASE STUDY 

Expanding Affordable Housing With the Minority 
Business Enterprise Developers Guaranty Facility 

To help facilitate MBE developer financing, Goldman Sachs worked closely with 
the New York City Housing Development Corporation (HDC) and New York City 
Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) to develop an 
innovative financing structure providing support for affordable housing projects 
sponsored by minority developers certified as MBEs. Goldman Sachs will offer up 
to $25 million from GSAM to establish a guaranty facility (“the Facility”), matched 
with $25 million from the city, to provide a supplemental backstop for construction 
projects and reduce the access-to-capital gap for qualified MBE developers, allowing 
them to obtain construction financing for which they might not otherwise qualify. 

Leveraging HPD’s pipeline of development opportunities, the Facility will be 
utilized to support affordable housing projects in New York City, with commitments 
originated over a five-year investment period. At least 10 affordable housing projects 
sponsored by growing MBE developers are expected to benefit from the Facility, 
removing one of the major barriers to entry for these businesses and enabling MBE 
developers to succeed by scaling their operations and building a track record as 
affordable housing developers. 

1	 Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University: The State of the Nation’s Housing 2023, 2023. 
2	 National Low Income Housing Coalition: The Problem, as of March 2024. 

35 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Improving Housing Affordability to 
Promote Stability and Opportunity (continued) 

In addition to addressing financing gaps for new housing, Goldman Sachs is also helping support 
the preservation of existing affordable housing. The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC), created 
in 1986, provides tax credits to private developers who agree to keep rents at specified percentages 
of Area Median Income (AMI). From 1987 to 2009, approximately 2.2 million units were developed 
through LIHTC, representing nearly one-third of all new multifamily rental housing.¹ After 15–30 
years, the affordability requirements expire, and rents typically revert to market rate. By providing 
competitive financing contingent on continued affordability, investors and financial intermediaries 
can help maintain housing affordability in existing LIHTC properties and prevent turnover and 
resulting instability in affordable housing driven by rent increases. 

CASE STUDY 

Preserving LIHTC Affordability in the Project Horizon Portfolio 

In April 2023, Goldman Sachs financed the acquisition and preservation of the Project Horizon portfolio, consisting of 10,474 majority 
affordable housing units across 90 properties in Texas, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky, and New York. 
Primarily composed of former LIHTC units affordable to households earning up to 60% of AMI, the acquisition will help preserve 
affordability in the units, which risked being converted to market rate units upon the expiration of the original LIHTC restrictions. 
The average rent across the portfolio is below $1,000 per unit, and the portfolio houses more than 30,000 residents, including those 
in major cities such as Chicago, Dallas, Milwaukee, Tampa, and Indianapolis. 

The acquisition will help preserve affordability across over 10,000 units of former LIHTC projects that could otherwise be at risk of being 
converted to market upon expiration of land-use restrictions put in place at the time of original LIHTC financial closings. By providing 
$454 million JV equity to the partnership, Goldman Sachs was able to help support the preservation of high-quality affordable housing 
options for local communities around the country. 

1	 HUD: What Happens to LIHTC Properties After Affordability Requirements Expire?, as of March 2024. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

36 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Investing in Private Sector Solutions for Our Clients 
With increasing interest and activity in sustainable and impact investing, our clients are seeking 
ways to enhance alignment of their investments with their respective sustainability or impact 
objectives. Through our open architecture platform, our AWM client franchise provides clients with 
a holistic suite of solutions across public and private markets, enabling us to invest our clients’ assets 
to meet their discrete sustainable and impact investing objectives with the same rigor and risk-
return standards of our traditional investment management capabilities. 

Investing our clients’ capital aligned with their thematic preferences 

~$1.3B

Global Social Impact Public 
Equity Strategy AUS¹,² 

 ~$8.3B

Goldman Sachs Alternatives’ contribution 
to the Inclusive Growth theme of our 
sustainable finance target 

 ~$1.2B 

capital committed by XIG Imprint on 
behalf of investors globally across 
+40 Inclusive Growth–themed strategies² 

1	 AUS: Assets Under Supervision. 
2	 As of 12/31/23. 

“We are investing in segments of the economy, including 
the education sector, among others, that are undergoing 
significant disruption. Our investments are a great example 
of how private capital can help scale innovative business 
models to provide needed solutions in a creative way.” 

Greg Shell  Head of Inclusive Growth Strategy, Goldman Sachs Alternatives 

37 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
  
  
 
 
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Investing in Education to Enable Innovation and Growth 

Low reading proficiency has historically been an important issue in K-12 education.¹ Funding 
gaps between affluent and underresourced students, estimated at nearly $2,700 per student 
in districts with more minority students,² persist in the American educational system, 
resulting in a compounding negative impact in our communities. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in unprecedented learning loss, with National 
Assessment of Education Progress scores pointing to a multi-decade low in reading 
proficiency levels across the board, while in 17 states students are more than a half of a 
school year delayed in learning, on average.³ Recent findings reveal that 68% of US fourth-
graders are not proficient in reading, up from 66% in 2019.4 As a result, extensive funding 
at the state and federal level has been allocated to address both the achievement gaps and 
pandemic-driven learning loss. 

High-dosage tutoring, defined as one-on-one or small-group tutoring at least three times 
per week,5 is one of three solutions highlighted by the federal government to improve 
student achievement. In addition, a shift to evidence-based literacy practices known as the 
Science of Reading is underway nationally, with over 35 states passing relevant legislation since 
2013.6 Due to shortages across resourcing and staffing, schools are expected to continue 
leveraging the private sector to help implement these solutions. Through our Sustainable 
Investing Group’s new Inclusive Growth Strategy, we are investing in solutions to help 
reduce this learning loss. 

CASE STUDY 

Closing Learning Gaps Through an Approach Grounded 
in the Science of Reading With Ignite Reading 

Goldman Sachs recently led a Series B financing for Ignite Reading, a company providing one-to-one foundational reading 
skills tutoring based on the Science of Reading to students in K–12 schools and districts. 

Founded in 2019, Ignite Reading has rapidly scaled while demonstrating strong efficacy to date. A study conducted by 
American Institutes for Research of kindergarten through third graders in six school districts in Massachusetts confirmed 
that after 14 weeks of tutoring with Ignite Reading, the number of students who scored at or above benchmark on the DIBELS 
assessment grew from 11% to 45%. These outcomes have proven consistent regardless of a student’s gender, race, ethnicity, 
language, socioeconomic status, or special needs. During the 2022–2023 school year, 94% of students served by the company 
were Free or Reduced Lunch enrollees, 73% identified as from an underrepresented community, 27% identified as multilingual 
learners, and 17% received special education services.7 

​

1	 Hernandez et al.: Double Jeopardy: How Third-Grade Reading Skills and Poverty Influence High School Graduation, April 2011. 
​
2	 Morgan: Equal Is Not Good Enough, November 2022. 
3	 Bryant et al.: COVID-19 Learning Delay and Recovery: Where Do US States Stand?, January 2023. 
​
4	 Annie E. Casey Foundation: Since Pandemic’s Start, 42 States See Rise In Fourth-Graders Below Reading Proficiency, November 2022. 
​
5	 Sawchuk: High-Dosage Tutoring Is Effective, But Expensive. Ideas for Making It Work, August 2020. 
​
​
6	 Schwartz: Which States Have Passed ‘Science of Reading’ Laws? What’s in Them?, July 2022, updated January 2024. 
​
​
7	 Ignite Reading: Our Proven Program Gets Results, as of March 2024. 

​
​

​
​

​
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

38 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Unlocking Economic Opportunities 

Defining Social Impact Investing 
to Drive Sustainable Development 

Investors are increasingly recognizing that promoting economic opportunities in all communities is a 
key to durable, long-term economic growth. With inflationary pressures and sluggish economic growth 
disproportionately affecting lower-income communities, investment in social solutions is on the rise.¹ 

Building a more sustainable global economy is central to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). Many of the SDGs overlap across targets to expand access to essential goods and 
services. Companies in a variety of sectors are helping to make this happen, including enablers of digital 
connectivity for remote communities and reduced healthcare costs. Other promising companies are 
driving innovation in areas such as education and supplying more affordable homes.² Our Global Social 
Impact Equity strategy is designed to deliver on the sustainability preferences and goals of our clients 
who are seeking both financial returns and positive social outcomes. 

CASE STUDY 

Investing $1.3 Billion in Global Social Impact Public Equity Strategy³ 

To capitalize on this trend and drive sustainable outcomes, Goldman Sachs launched its first dedicated social impact public equity strategy 
in June 2023. With approximately $1.3 billion in AUS, the strategy seeks to create positive social impact by investing in companies considered 
to be sustainable investments. These companies aim to provide solutions that drive social sustainability by virtue of their alignment to key 
themes associated with solving social problems. Companies in the portfolio provide, invest, or create products, services, or technologies 
across a number of investment themes: 

Thriving Communities: Investment in areas such as affordable housing, digital inclusion, access to clean water and sanitation, 
and access to clean energy. Within these areas, we invest in companies including information technology providers and 
developers of water-treatment and purification solutions. 

Economic Empowerment: Enable people to participate in economic development by investing in education, equal job opportunities, 
and financial inclusion. Within this theme, we invest in companies including providers of online and hybrid education, human resource 
companies, and providers, of mobile phone–based financial services solutions. 

Good Health and Well Being: Contribute to improving quality of life by focusing on areas such as nutritious food, active lifestyle, and 
accessible and innovative healthcare. Within these areas, the strategy invests in companies including medical technology developers, 
healthcare/insurance providers, and operators of fitness centers. 

Safe Society: Help build a safe society and increase quality of life for individuals and communities. This theme covers areas such as 
data privacy and security, human safety, climate change resilience, and accountable institutions. We invest in companies including 
cloud security providers, safety equipment manufacturers, and environmental consulting firms. 

1	 GIR: 10 Predictions for Sustainable Investing in 2023, January 2023. 
2	 GIR: Social Capital: How Business Can Drive Impact Through Affordability, September 2022. 
​
3	 Please note that for the purposes of the European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, the representative account of the strategy is an Article 9 product that has a sustainable investment objective. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Please note that this material includes certain information on Goldman Sachs sustainability practices and track record, at an organizational and investment team level, which may not necessarily be reflected 
in the representative account. Please refer to the offering documents of any product(s) prior to investment, for details on how and the extent to which the product(s) takes ESG considerations into account 
on a binding or nonbinding basis. 

39 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Scaling Technology 
Solutions to 
Support the Energy 
Transition 

In This Chapter 

42 

44 

45 

Expanding the Renewable 
Energy Rollout 

Using Geothermal Power to 
Help Meet Electricity Demand 

Supporting Renewable 
Sources of Natural Gas 

40 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy Transition 

The global economy has been powered by traditional energy sources since the Industrial Revolution 
and will continue to rely on traditional fuels throughout the energy transition to help ensure 
energy reliability and affordability as new technologies and energy sources scale to meet demand.¹ 
Transitioning to a low-carbon future will require a diverse set of energy sources, requiring an estimated 
$4.5 trillion per annum in clean energy investment to meet Paris Agreement climate goals.² 

Global Power Generation by Year 

  Coal       

■ 

■ 

  Petroleum Liquids      

■ 

  Natural Gas (incl. NG+CCUS)       

  Nuclear       

  Hydroelectric Conventional       

■ 

■ 

  Renewables (excl. Hydro)       

■ 

  Other 

■ 

)
h
W
T
(
n
o
i
t
a
r
e
n
e
G
y
t
i
c
i
r
t
c
e
l
E

35,000 

30,000 

25,000 

20,000 

15,000 

10,000 

5,000 

0 

2 0 1 0 

2 0 1 1 

2 0 1 2 

2 0 1 3 

2 0 1 4 

2 0 1 5 

2 0 1 6 

2 0 1 7 

2 0 1 8 

2 0 1 9 

2 0 2 0 

2 0 2 1 

2 0 2 2 

2 0 2 3 

2 0 2 4 

2 0 2 5 

2 0 2 6 

2 0 2 7 

2 0 2 8 

2 0 2 9 

2 0 3 0

Source: Energy Institute, GIR Carbonomics 

Global power generation nearly doubled in the past two decades, increasing by approximately 35% from 2010 to 2022.³ During the same 
time, the share of fossil fuels (coal, petroleum, and natural gas) fell from 68% of total generation to 62%, while the share of renewables 
(excluding hydroelectricity) rose from 4% to 14%, representing more than a fourfold increase in total renewable generation.4 

According to our Carbonomics research, we predict these two trends of declining but significant fossil fuel share and increasing renewable 
generation to continue through 2030 due to continued growth in electricity demand. By 2030, we predict that fossil fuel share will fall to 
48% of total generation while renewable share (excluding hydro) will double to nearly 30%.5 

To help address the scope and scale of the investment required, Goldman Sachs seeks to take a comprehensive approach to supporting 
these emerging and scaling technologies, including wind, solar, geothermal, and renewable natural gas, among others, which will play 
a critical role in enabling a secure, affordable energy future. 

1	 Energy Institute: 2023 Statistical Review of World Energy, June 2023. 
2	 IEA: Net Zero Roadmap 2023 Update, October 2023. 
3	 Energy Institute: 2023 Statistical Review of World Energy, June 2023. 
4	 Ibid. 
5	 GIR Carbonomics. 

“Our clients are in a dynamic stage evaluating a diverse future of energy, one of continued reliance on traditional energy 
sources while solutions are deployed to support broad-based electrification and address areas such as renewables 
intermittency and AI data centers’ power demand. As a trusted advisor, we are focused on helping our clients support 
existing infrastructure and bring new, innovative technologies to market at scale that will help contribute to meeting increased 
global energy demand needs through our differentiated suite of financing, investing, and advisory capabilities.” 

Suhail Sikhtian  Global Head of Natural Resources Investing Banking 

41 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy Transition 

Expanding the Renewable Energy Rollout 
A key focus of our clients is supporting incremental energy needs, driven in part by the prospect 
of data-center growth due to AI, and the rollout of renewable energy technology in developed 
markets, including the United States, which represented 13.5% of global emissions in 2021.¹ Given 
the size of US emissions, and likely demand increases from EV charging and data centers, it is 
critical to continue expanding the rollout of domestic renewable energy. New energy technologies 
also represent a significant investment opportunity, with policy incentives and related multiplier 
effects expected to drive trillions of dollars in investments across renewable technologies, 
according to Goldman Sachs Carbonomics research.² 

In addition to renewable power generation capacity, substantial investment in transmission 
infrastructure, which connects generation facilities to end-use customers, is needed to enable 
low-cost wind and solar to connect to the grid. According to the US Department of Energy (DOE), 
the US will need to expand transmission systems by 60% by 2030³ to meet growing energy 
demand. We are helping our clients drive international grid infrastructure investment, including 
advising Elia Group, a Belgian transmission and power generation company, on its investment 
in the US renewable energy market. 

CASE STUDY 

Investing in Renewable 
Infrastructure With Elia Group 

Elia Group (“Elia”), one of the largest electric transmission system 
operators in Europe, acquired (through its WindGrid subsidiary) 
a 35.1% stake in energyRe Giga Projects (“energyRe Giga”), a 
subsidiary of energyRe LLC. The investment values energyRe Giga 
at $1.1 billion on a post-money basis. Elia’s $400 million investment 
will be deployed over three years to fund energyRe Giga’s pipeline 
of projects under development comprising transmission-led 
onshore wind and solar generation, transmission lines, and offshore 
wind generation assets. The investment allows Elia to enter the US 
market with a strong and well-established strategic partner. Elia 
and energyRe will be able to leverage their respective strengths by 
building upon complementary technical expertise and capabilities 
to support energy transition. Goldman Sachs acted as sole financial 
advisor to Elia on this transaction. 

1	 IEA: Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Energy Data Explorer, as of March 2024. 
2	 GIR: Carbonomics: The third American energy revolution, August 2023. 
3	 United States Department of Energy: Queued Up… But in Need of Transmission, as of March 2024. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

42 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy Transition 

Expanding the Renewable Energy Rollout (continued) 

Technological and financial innovations have brought renewable energy sources into the 
mainstream, resulting in more affordable energy, reduced carbon emissions, energy diversification, 
and job creation. Since 2008, the price of solar modules has dropped by 85%, according to 
Goldman Sachs research,¹ making solar competitive with other technologies. As solar production 
expands and becomes a larger part of the global energy mix, it is critical to continue investing 
in new technologies. We recently supported Nextracker on its separation from its parent company 
to enable greater flexibility for its future growth plans. The company is creating solutions that 
optimize solar energy production efficiency using software and tracking technology that monitors 
the movement of the sun. 

“Solar comprises the largest 
share of new power generation 
capacity globally, and Nextracker 
is well positioned to continue 
driving utility-scale and 
distributed generation solar 
power as the world transitions 
to renewable energy.” 

Dan Shugar  Founder and CEO, Nextracker 

CASE STUDY 

Advising Nextracker’s Spin-Off to Support Intelligent Solar Electricity Production 

Goldman Sachs served as financial advisor on the spin-off of Nextracker, Inc., a leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker 
and software solutions used for utility-scale and distributed-generation solar projects globally. Nextracker’s products enable solar panels in 
large-scale power plants to follow the sun’s movement and optimize solar performance. This allows more energy to be produced from a facility, 
accelerating the adoption of solar electricity production. Following a $638 million US IPO in February 2023, Nextracker successfully spun off 
from its parent company Flex Ltd. in January 2024. Supporting the spin-off and serving as financial advisor to a leading solar technology firm 
is an opportunity for us to enable solutions needed for clean energy production. 

1	 GIR, PV Insights, via GS Intelligence. 

43 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
  
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy Transition 

Using Geothermal Power to 
Help Meet Electricity Demand 
A key component of diversifying the global energy mix is finding a new source of low-carbon baseline 
generation to meet growing power demand. In the United States, the DOE expects electricity demand 
to accelerate over the next decade,¹ driven by new industrial facilities and data centers. While most 
of this new demand is expected to be met by wind and solar power generation, there is a need for new 
low-carbon sources of baseload generation, which can steadily produce electricity when intermittent 
energy sources such as wind and solar produce less power. 

The DOE has identified geothermal energy as a low-carbon candidate to meet this need. Geothermal 
plants can produce electricity 24/7, emit no greenhouse gases, and have lifecycle emissions six to 20 times 
lower than natural gas.² While conventional geothermal generation requires existing geologic features 
to pump water underground, next-generation geothermal technologies can expand production to new 
areas, with the potential for 90 GW of installed capacity by 2050.³ Goldman Sachs client Fervo Energy 
is at the forefront of next-generation geothermal power, and we helped support their efforts to expand 
geothermal production and advance geothermal technology. 

CASE STUDY 

Raising Capital to Accelerate Fervo Energy’s 
Deployment of Next-Generation Geothermal 

Goldman Sachs acted as exclusive placement agent 
for Fervo Energy’s recent $244 million capital raise. 
This financing will unlock Fervo’s next phase of growth, 
deploying proven technology adapted from the oil and 
gas industry at scale to deliver commercially viable 24/7 
carbon-free energy. Since its last fundraise, Fervo has 
successfully brought its first commercial project online, 
establishing Fervo’s system as the most productive 
enhanced geothermal system (EGS) in history. Fervo has 
also begun drilling at Cape Station, a 400 MW project 
in Beaver County, Utah. Early drilling results show 
reduced drilling times and lower costs that significantly 
exceed Department of Energy expectations for EGS. 
The fundraise will support Fervo’s continued operations 
at Cape Station, which will begin delivering clean 
electricity to the grid in 2026. 

1	 United States Department of Energy: DOE Releases New Report Outlining Solutions to Meet Growing Electricity Demand, April 2024. 
2	 United States Department of Energy: Geothermal Basics, as of March 2024. 
3	 United States Department of Energy: LPO Tech Talk: Next-Generation Geothermal, March 2024. 
​

​

​

​

44 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Scaling Technology Solutions to Support the Energy Transition 

Supporting Renewable Sources of Natural Gas 
In addition to supporting new renewable energy technology, Goldman Sachs is also supporting 
our clients’ work in identifying more sustainable fuel sources for existing energy infrastructure. 
Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) is naturally occurring biogas that has been refined to use in lieu 
of traditional natural gas.¹ The biogas can be sourced from landfills, municipal water recovery 
facilities, organic waste management facilities, and livestock farms. Replacing conventional natural 
gas with RNG can reduce GHG emissions, improve air quality, provide fuel source diversification, 
and support a more circular economy.² 

Sourcing high-quality inputs and reducing waste is crucial to realizing the benefits of RNG, and Goldman Sachs Alternatives has 
worked directly with Verdalia in Europe and Synthica in the US to advance sustainable RNG. Synthica produces RNG derived 
from processing pre-consumer organic waste, while Verdalia’s feedstock will primarily be agricultural and livestock waste. Verdalia 
and Synthica are both working to design, build, own, and operate medium- to large-scale anaerobic RNG production facilities. 
Both portfolio companies are working to advance clean energy and circular economy solutions. 

Historically, demand for RNG has been concentrated in the transport sector, as natural gas has increasingly been used as a 
transportation fuel for trucks and buses. Usage in the transportation sector has increased by 218% since 2018,³ driven by low-carbon 
fuel standards. However, demand for RNG has increased in non-transportation use-cases for gas utilities, corporations, and other 
entities seeking to reduce the carbon intensity of their operations. Many companies in the industrial sector are seeking solutions 
to meet fast-approaching deadlines for GHG reductions, especially companies that use natural gas for high-heat and steam 
processes. RNG is a viable alternative, as it can be used as a direct replacement for natural gas. 

A key driver in RNG demand is government renewable portfolio standards, which are becoming more stringent, and, in many 
cases, recognize RNG as an acceptable renewable resource. However, a key challenge to producing RNG is the availability of 
capital and high upfront costs compared with existing grid infrastructure.4 Additionally, securing offtake agreements can add to 
the challenges of securing financing. By addressing these issues, financial firms can help their clients facilitate circular solutions 
by turning waste into new renewable energy sources. Working with our client Carolina Renewables, Goldman Sachs provided a 
financing for a facility producing RNG through anaerobic digestion by using existing waste products and selling the RNG under 
contracts underpinned by state and other incentives, thus facilitating the expansion of RNG production in the state. 

CASE STUDY 

Supporting Renewable Natural Gas 
Production With Carolina Renewables 

Goldman Sachs provided a $70 million loan to support the ramp-up and operation of an RNG production facility 
in North Carolina for sponsor Carolina Renewables. The facility utilizes various agricultural, industrial, and commercial 
feedstocks such as swine waste, poultry waste, and other wastes to produce RNG and provide a sustainable energy 
source. This contributes to reducing greenhouse gas emissions while also promoting a circular economy by repurposing 
organic waste into energy. The RNG produced by the facility will be injected into existing pipelines for delivery to Duke 
Energy and British Petroleum. Currently, the feedstocks used in the facility are disposed in landfills, sprayed on open 
fields, or burned, releasing methane into the atmosphere. By using these waste products as a substitution for fossil 
fuel–based natural gas, Carolina Renewables is creating a more sustainable source of gas production and meeting local 
demand for alternatives to reduce their carbon footprint. 

1	 EPA: An Overview of Renewable Natural Gas from Biogas, January 2024. 
2	 Ibid. 
3	 NGV America: Renewable Natural Gas Breaking Motor Fuel Usage Records, April 2023. 
4	 EPA: An Overview of Renewable Natural Gas from Biogas, January 2024. 

45 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Enabling 
the New 
Transportation 
Sector Value 
Chain 

In This Chapter 

48 

51 

Diversifying the Sourcing 
of Critical Minerals and Battery 
Component Production 

Facilitating Grid-Scale Battery 
Storage for Enhanced Energy 
Resiliency 

46 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Transportation, which accounts for more than a third of global CO2 emissions,¹ is undergoing 
rapid change due to the global rollout of light-duty electric vehicles, while the electrification 
of other transportation sectors is becoming increasingly evident. At Goldman Sachs, we 
are supporting our clients to help create more sustainable value chains by diversifying 
the sourcing of critical minerals and enhancing battery recycling, while helping to ensure 
that electric grids and related infrastructure are equipped to handle increased demand 
and improve reliability and affordability. Taken together, our clients’ priorities are helping 
to transform the transportation sector across the value chain. 

While clean technologies dominated by renewable power remain at the lower end of the Carbonomics cost curve, they 
have become relatively more expensive year over year, driven by lower gas prices, higher interest rates, and cost inflation. 
At the same time, relatively more expensive technologies, such as electric vehicles and transportation, have become less 
expensive due to lower raw material costs and simpler battery integration.2 The chart below shows the transportation 
sector technologies’ carbon abatement cost reductions from 2022 to 2023. 

In addition to these cost trends, we see increasing focus from corporates and consumers on solutions to improve consumption 
efficiency. This is driven in part by the need for energy and land use efficiency in service of meeting broader environmental 
and financial goals, the continued deployment of material-intensive, low-carbon technologies, and anticipated supply 
shortfalls of critical materials over the coming decade. Demand for critical minerals is expected to significantly increase 
over the next decades, which could strain supply chains and mining facilities. Circular economy solutions offer an array of 
benefits, including the extension of product lifespan and the reduction of waste materials. Across the transportation sector, 
we support our clients across various components of the value chain to help improve the reliability and affordability of 
electric and electrified solutions. 

Transportation Sector Technologies’ Carbon Abatement Cost Reductions 
From the 2022 to 2023 Carbonomics Cost Curves (US$/tnCO2) 

 Transport (Road, Aviation, Shipping) 

■ 

3
2
0
2
n

i
e
g
n
a
h
C
t
s
o
C
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
b
A
n
o
b
r
a
C

)
q
e
2
O
C
n
t
/
$
S
U
(
2
2
0
2
.
s
v
e
v
r
u
C
t
s
o
C

0 

-100 

-200 

-300 

-400 

-500 

LNG 
Shipping

HDV Hydrogen 
FCEV 

Biofuels 

LDV Gasoline 
to EV 

LDV Diesel 
to EV 

0 

2 

4 

6 

8 

GHG Emissions Abatement Potential (Gt CO2eq) 

For illustrative purposes, this chart only includes the reductions in carbon abatement cost changes for transportation sector technologies. The technologies 
with increased abatement costs from 2022 to 2023 that are not shown include, but are not limited to, renewable power, renewable power with energy storage, 
SAF, and buildings efficiency (heat pumps), among others. 

Source: GIR 

1	 IEA: Transport — ​Energy System, as of February 2024. 
2	 For further detail on how different technologies have shifted the Carbonomics cost curve, please see the latest Carbonomics cost curve report. 

​

47 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Diversifying the Sourcing of Critical Minerals 
and Battery Component Production 
The adoption of electric vehicles (EVs) is rising, with EV car sales predicted to grow to 73 million 
units in 2040, up from around two million in 2020, according to Goldman Sachs research.¹ 
With the typical electric car requiring six times the raw material input of internal combustion 
vehicles,² the need for critical minerals is expected to increase dramatically. 

Total demand for critical minerals over the next two decades is expected to rise by 90% for 
lithium, 60%–70% for nickel and cobalt, and 40% for copper and other rare earth elements 
under a below 2 degrees C scenario.³ Ensuring these materials are sustainability sourced 
to minimize impact to natural ecosystems and communities is essential, as alternative 
manufacturing methods such as recycling and reuse are crucial to reducing raw material 
demand and diversifying the supply chain. 

Graphite is another critical mineral in high demand from battery manufacturers, composing 
approximately 33% of lithium-ion battery cells by weight.4 Graphite manufacturing is an 
energy-intensive process that is mainly conducted in emerging markets, where grid electricity 
is carbon intensive. By developing a fully integrated source of battery anode material (a key 
battery material), General Motors’ investment in Nouveau Monde Graphite (NMG) is helping 
to create a more resilient North American supply chain for critical minerals. 

CASE STUDY 

Supporting General Motors’ $150 Million 
Equity Investment for Sustainable Critical Minerals 

Goldman Sachs acted as exclusive financial advisor to GM on its investment in NMG. The transaction is a milestone for 
the industry, with GM’s investment demonstrating continued strong interest from original equipment manufacturers 
and battery cell manufacturers in securing local, sustainably sourced EV battery materials. In addition, it demonstrates 
Goldman Sachs’ support of key investment projects transforming the transportation sector. GM committed an aggregate 
equity investment of $150 million in NMG. NMG aspires to become a strategic supplier to the world’s leading battery and 
automobile manufacturers, providing high-performing and reliable advanced materials while promoting sustainability 
and supply chain traceability. GM’s first tranche investment of $25 million will be used to support NMG’s execution plan 
for its Phase-2 Matawinie Mine and Bécancour Battery Material Plant in Québec, Canada, while the second tranche 
investment of $125 million will support NMG developing the first fully integrated (from ore to active anode material) source 
of battery anode material in North America.5 Under the terms of the agreement, NMG will provide GM with 18,000 tons 
per annum of active anode material. The agreement will support GM’s EV production and add to its progress in developing 
a more sustainable and resilient North American–focused EV supply chain. 

1	 Goldman Sachs: Electric Vehicles are Forecast to Be Half of Global Car Sales by 2035, February 2023. 
2	 IEA: The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy Transitions, March 2022. 
3	 Ibid. 
4	 Transport & Environment: From dirty oil to clean batteries, March 2021. 
5	 NMG: NMG Announces Offtake Agreement with GM, February 2024. 

​

​

​

​

​

48 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Diversifying the Sourcing of Critical Minerals 
and Battery Component Production (continued) 

In addition to substantial raw material needs, EV battery manufacturing requires advanced 
engineered materials known more specifically as cathode active materials (CAM) and their precursors 
(pCAM).¹, 2 These materials are the basis for EV batteries and are a key driver of the range, safety, 
durability, and carbon footprint. While most of the world’s battery materials are made from 
mined metals, battery and automobile manufacturers are developing methods to incorporate 
recycled materials as part of their production process. This includes Ascend Elements, a US-based 
manufacturer of engineered materials. 

CASE STUDY 

Advancing North America’s First 
Cathode Production Facility With 
Ascend Elements 

Ascend Elements, a US-based manufacturer 
of sustainably engineered battery materials 
for electric vehicles, is commercializing an 
efficient circular method to make sustainable 
battery materials using recycled inputs. 
Ascend Elements’ recycled battery materials 
help meet the growing demand for electric 
vehicle batteries while reducing supply chain 
carbon emissions.³ Goldman Sachs acted as 
the sole private placement agent on Ascend 
Elements’ recent $622 million Series D private 
placement round. The funding will advance 
construction of Ascend Elements’ Apex 1 
facility in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, which will 
be North America’s first pCAM and CAM 
manufacturing facility. 

1	 National Academies Press: The Competitive Edge: Research Priorities for U.S. Manufacturing, 1991. 
2	 Ascend Elements: Ascend Elements to Supply Sustainable Cathode Precursor (pCAM) Made from Recycled Battery Materials to Major U.S. Customer, June 2023. 
3	 Ascend Elements: Ascend Elements Raises $542 Million to Accelerate Production of U.S.-engineered Lithium-Ion Battery Materials, September 2023. 

​
​

​
​

​
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

49 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Diversifying the Sourcing of Critical Minerals 
and Battery Component Production (continued) 

Batteries are the single most important component of an EV, representing 40% of total price,¹ 
and are a key determinant of the vehicle’s range and performance. Battery manufacturing 
also represents a focal point of the entire EV supply chain, where critical minerals, engineered 
materials, and global supply chains converge. The manufacturing process itself requires large 
amounts of energy, estimated at around 50–65 kWh of electricity per kWh of battery capacity.² 
Currently, most lithium battery production is located in markets where more traditional sources 
of energy like coal are the primary energy source.³ However, new battery manufacturers such 
as Northvolt are locating production facilities closer to their customers and using low-cost 
renewable energy for improved economics, reduced carbon footprint, and increased use 
of recycled materials to meet their sustainability ambition. 

CASE STUDY 

Northvolt’s Financing Journey 
to Make a Greener Battery 

Northvolt is a European supplier of sustainable, high-
quality lithium-ion battery cells and systems. Manufacturing 
with clean energy, the company’s mission is to deliver 
lithium-ion batteries with a 90% lower carbon footprint 
compared with those made using conventional methods, 
and establish capabilities to enable 50% of all of its 
raw material requirements to be sourced from recycled 
batteries by 2030. In 2019, Northvolt raised $1 billion 
from a consortium of investors co-led by funds managed 
by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Volkswagen 
Group. Goldman Sachs Investment Banking acted as 
private placement agent in connection with two follow-on 
equity investment rounds in 2020 and 2021, as well as the 
convertible note capital raise in 2022 that was further 
increased in 2023. In each instance, funds managed by 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management participated in these 
financing activities. Northvolt’s funding is supporting its 
expansion in Europe and North America and in executing 
on its mission to enable the energy transition through 
the development of a local, sustainable supply chain 
for lithium-ion batteries. 

50 

1	 Carey & Lienert: Focus: The battery test race to work out what used EVs are really worth, October 2023. 
2	 Kurland: Energy use for GWh-scale lithium-ion battery production, December 2019. 
3	 MIT Climate Portal: How much CO2 is emitted by manufacturing batteries?, as of March 2024. 
​

​

​

​

​

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Facilitating Grid-Scale Battery Storage 
for Enhanced Energy Resiliency 
The rapid growth in EVs will also increase demand for consumers and businesses on electric 
grids, from both dedicated roadside EV chargers and home charging. Charging an EV 
battery can pull as much as 150 kilowatts from the grid — the equivalent of 1,500 100-watt 
lightbulbs — in less than an hour.¹ At the same time, solar and wind power are forming a 
larger portion of electric grids, but are intermittent, creating the need for flexible power 
capacity to smooth market imbalances and improve grid stability. Battery facilities that can 
store large amounts of renewable energy are critical to meeting this demand. These grid-
scale facilities can charge up when the sun is flooding the system with power and discharge 
it when demand is high to improve affordability and resiliency for consumers. 

Scaling up short-duration storage assets, such as large-scale lithium-ion batteries, is 
critical for electric grid operators to provide reliable, low-cost electricity while increasing 
the amount of renewable power generation on the grid. Furthermore, with increasing 
grid demand from EV charging needs, data centers, and other industrial demand, project 
developers and grid operators are investing in battery grid storage projects. Companies 
like GridStor are addressing these challenges and expanding the rollout of grid-scale 
battery storage. 

CASE STUDY 

Helping to Prepare the Grid for a Net Zero Future 

To address these electricity needs in the marketplace and capitalize on the opportunity, the Sustainable Investing Group 
and infrastructure investing teams established GridStor as an operating company to acquire, develop, and operate stand-
alone battery energy storage projects. Such energy storage systems expect to charge electricity during hours with relatively 
high renewable energy supply; the systems then discharge electricity during hours with low renewable energy supply, high 
demand, or when the grid needs instant response capacity for reliability. The battery storage assets are expected to play 
a critical role in providing grid reliability and help reduce price volatility. Since launching in April 2022, the GridStor team 
has grown to 36 employees, and had its first 60 MW come online in December 2023. 

“Finding innovative, profitable solutions in private markets that address complex climate-related challenges and 
enable other companies, sectors, and value chains to become more sustainable themselves, presents a compelling 
investment opportunity for our Goldman Sachs Alternatives business to support the diverse set of our clients’ 
investment preferences, by leveraging the distinctive breadth of our open architecture platform, which includes 
both Goldman Sachs solutions and those of other specialized external managers.” 

John Goldstein  Global Head of AM Sustainable Client Solutions 

1	 Goldman Sachs Asset Management: How Battery Storage May Ease the Shift to Renewables (gsam.com), April 2021. 
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

51 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Enabling the New Transportation Sector Value Chain 

Facilitating Grid-Scale Battery Storage 
for Enhanced Energy Resiliency (continued) 

The climate transition is driving a significant global build-out of intermittent renewable power 
generation, such as wind and solar. In turn, these accelerated shifts in the global energy mix 
are leading to market imbalances and the need for more flexible power capacity, as well as 
presenting challenges for system operators in maintaining grid stability. In recent years, this has 
intensified the demand for clean power technologies such as battery energy storage systems. 

CASE STUDY 

Pearl Street 

To help meet these demands and challenges, the Commodities Sustainable Solutions team within the Commodities Group (part 
of GBM) is developing GS Pearl Street — a platform to provide trading, route-to-market, and principal financing solutions for 
clean power technologies. GS Pearl Street builds on our 20 years of experience in trading and financing in power markets, and 
will support owners of clean power assets and system operators as they manage the transition to renewable power generation. 
As part of this innovative platform, we are offering the owners of grid-scale energy storage systems a route-to-market solution 
combined with long-term project financing. 

52 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
|03   Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners 

Preserving 
Natural Capital 
and Protecting 
Biodiversity 

In This Chapter 

55 

56 

57 

Leveraging Nature-Based Solutions to Help 
Achieve Climate and Biodiversity Goals 

Addressing Critical Water Challenges to Improve 
Availability, Resiliency, and Affordability 

Facilitating Decarbonization in 
Hard-to-Abate Sectors 

53 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Preserving Natural Capital and Protecting Biodiversity 

The World Economic Forum estimates that $10.1 trillion in annual business value and 
395 million jobs could be created by 2030 through the preservation of our ecosystems, 
biodiversity, and natural capital.¹ While preserving natural capital and protecting biodiversity 
is crucial to ensuring a sustainable economy, measuring its progress has its challenges. 
Unlike measuring climate change with one core metric, GHG emissions, there is no one 
metric to capture natural capital loss and degradation. With the final Taskforce on Nature-
Related Financial Disclosures recommendations published in September 2023, we continue 
to assess our integration of these recommendations into our business decision-making 
and support for our clients as they seek to help preserve natural capital and protect 
biodiversity loss. 

The world is dependent on nature and ecosystems for $44 trillion of economic output, or more than half of the world’s 
GDP.² There is a growing recognition that biodiversity loss and insufficient related ecosystem services present systemic 
risk that could impact sustainability goals, economic growth, and stability. Managing the risks created by the decline 
of biodiversity and identifying the opportunities afforded by global conservation and remediation efforts requires an 
innovative and thoughtful approach. 

1	 WEF: New Nature Economy Report II, 2020. 
2	 Ibid. 

54 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Preserving Natural Capital and Protecting Biodiversity 

Leveraging Nature-Based Solutions to 
Help Achieve Climate and Biodiversity Goals 
Despite significant efforts to decarbonize, additional mitigation tools are needed to complement 
the move toward lower carbon-sources of energy. One such opportunity is investing in nature-based 
solutions (NBS), which have the potential to deliver one-third of the climate mitigation necessary 
by 2030¹ while simultaneously providing human well being and biodiversity benefits.² 

To help bridge this gap, Goldman Sachs offers clients seeking to support these goals an NBS investment 
strategy through XIG Imprint, our impact investing unit. 

CASE STUDY 

Restoring Forests With Apple 
and Conservation International 

In 2021, Apple launched The Restore Fund with Imprint and Conservation 
International to invest in forestry projects that sequester carbon and 
demonstrate a viable financial model to scale forest restoration. With a 
focus on reforestation projects that support forest protection, biodiversity, 
and water quality, and provide jobs in local communities, the investments 
contribute to the broader climate transition. The Restore Fund invested 
alongside BTG Pactual Timberland Investment Group (TIG) in a reforestation 
strategy in the Cerrado region of Brazil, the biologically richest savanna in 
the world, which contains 11,000 plant species, half of which are endemic 
to the region. TIG’s two-part strategy seeks to conserve and restore native 
ecosystems on half of their properties, and establish commercial tree 
farms that produce long-lived, renewable wood products, and sequester 
carbon on the other half. To date, Imprint has invested in a 35,000-hectare 
portfolio of properties with TIG and other investors. Biodiversity baseline 
assessments indicate that the portfolio supports over 297 species of 
animals and plants (including puma, ocelot, tapir, and orange-winged 
parrot). The portfolio currently supports 133 full-time-equivalent (FTE) 
jobs, an increase from nine FTE jobs prior to acquisition. 

“Our clients are increasingly seeking portfolios that generate financial returns and also 
create positive impact. Nature-based solutions can be a great investment opportunity 
to help these clients achieve their investment objectives.” 

Lisa Williams  Head, Nature-Based Solutions, XIG Imprint 

1	 Griscom et al., 2017: Natural Climate Solutions. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 2017. 
​
2	 World Bank: Climate Explainer: Nature-Based Solutions, May 2022. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

55 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
  
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Preserving Natural Capital and Protecting Biodiversity 

Addressing Critical Water Challenges to Improve 
Availability, Resiliency, and Affordability 
Rising costs and inefficient practices are creating water affordability issues for communities worldwide, 
with an estimated four billion people experiencing severe water scarcity for at least one month per 
year.¹ Addressing these basic needs will require increased financing to clean water. Goldman Sachs 
Research estimates that an additional $200 billion per year is needed through 2030 to support clean 
water pathways.² 

Our work with clients in the water sector demonstrates how targeted capital can help address our 
nature and social challenges together. 

CASE STUDY 

Advising Evoqua’s Acquisition by Xylem to Create One of 
the World’s Largest Pure-Play Water Technology Companies 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. was a leading provider of mission-critical water and wastewater treatment solutions, offering a 
broad portfolio of products, services, and expertise to support industrial, municipal, and recreational customers. The company was 
acquired by Xylem Inc in May 2023 in an all-stock transaction reflecting a value of approximately $7.5 billion and creating one of the 
largest pure-play water technology companies in the world. Xylem is a leading water Equipment, Technology and Service company 
whose customers include utilities and engineering, procurement, and construction firms. Its key products include water infrastructure 
and measurement and control solutions. We acted as the lead financial advisor to Evoqua in its sale to Xylem, supporting the creation 
of a transformative platform addressing global water challenges and uniting cultures with sustainability at their core. 

1	 UNICEF: Water scarcity | UNICEF, as of February 2023. 
2	 GIR: Green Capex: Making infrastructure happen, October 2021. 
​
3	 Xylem: Xylem Completes Acquisition of Evoqua, May 2023. 

​

​

​

56 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Thematic Opportunities With Our Clients and Partners | Preserving Natural Capital and Protecting Biodiversity 

Facilitating Decarbonization 
in Hard-to-Abate Sectors 
Carbon emissions are concentrated in a handful of sectors. The Energy, Materials, Autos, Capital 
Goods and Utilities sectors represent only 22% of the market, but contribute approximately 82% 
of total global emissions, 94% of total water consumption and 93% of total waste,¹ highlighting 
the need for sound transition plans that safeguard the environment. 

We are working with our clients to help them deliver on their transition strategies while considering 
energy security and affordability. 

Circular solutions, such as capture and sequestration technology, can reduce the negative impacts 
of energy exploration during the transition to a low carbon economy. In working with Milestone 
Environmental Services we are supporting operators to help achieve their waste and emissions 
reduction ambitions. 

CASE STUDY 

Global Environmental 
Transition Equity Strategy 

Goldman Sachs Asset Management Global 
Environmental Transition Equity Strategy was launched 
in November 2023 and is our first strategy dedicated 
to the transition from a carbon emissions–intensive 
economy to one that is increasingly renewable energy– 
based, low-carbon, and environmentally friendly. 
Investing across the range of high-emitting sectors 
with the biggest impact not only on carbon emissions 
but also on water consumption and waste generation, 
the portfolio consists of predominantly high-quality, 
mature, value-oriented companies that exhibit strong 
free-cash-flow yields and potentially attractive 
valuations. The five key themes the strategy focuses 
on are extraction, power generation, manufacturing, 
transportation, and consumption. Crucial to the 
successful implementation of the strategy is for us 
to partner with the portfolio companies, identify 
synergies, advance sustainability practices, and 
focus on shareholder value creation. Our Investment 
Stewardship team is critical to our process in our role 
as an active asset manager. This strategy leverages 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s proprietary 
internal tools and systems to both qualitatively and 
quantitatively assess the environmental impact 
and transition plans of the companies in which they 
invest for clients. 

CASE STUDY 

Milestone Environmental Services 

Milestone Environmental Services, headquartered in Houston, 
Texas, is a leading environmental services and carbon management 
company and one of the largest independent energy waste 
sequestration companies in the United States. Milestone operates 
a leading integrated network of waste management infrastructure 
that reduces the carbon impact of its customers by permanently 
sequestering hydrocarbon waste over a mile below the surface, 
preventing greenhouse gas emissions and water and ground 
contamination. Milestone was acquired by SK Capital Partners 
from Amberjack Capital Partners in October 2023. The acquisition 
will drive forward the continued growth of Milestone’s business, 
services and client base. Goldman Sachs served as the exclusive 
financial advisor to Milestone on the sale to SK Capital Partners, 
supporting the company on its mission to offer alternative, 
environmentally responsible solutions to clients in the oil and 
gas sector aiming to meet their carbon reduction goals and 
advance their sustainability objectives. 

1	 MSCI, Goldman Sachs Asset Management. Market as denoted by MSCI ACWI, as of September 2023. 

57 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 04 

Protecting the 
Value of Our Firm 

We employ a comprehensive approach to safeguarding the value of our 
firm, integrating governance, risk management, and regulatory preparedness. 
We continually evaluate and enhance our governance structures, policies, 
and practices, while fostering a culture where risk management is ingrained 
in our decision-making process. Our risk frameworks cover a range of climate, 
environmental and other social-related risks, while our risk appetite adapts 
to changing market conditions. Both governance and risk management are 
key to regulatory preparedness, allowing Goldman Sachs to stay positioned 
for growth while meeting regulatory requirements. 

In This Section 

59 

62 

64 

Governance 

Risk Management 

Regulatory Preparedness 

58 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm 

Governance 
Responsibly managing our business is paramount. From the oversight of our Board of 
Directors to internal governance structures, we manage a broad spectrum of financial and 
nonfinancial risks across our businesses. This includes the evaluation of sustainability-
related opportunities, management of climate and other sustainability-related risks, and 
preparation of our voluntary and regulatory-required sustainability disclosures. 

Goldman Sachs Sustainability-Related Organizational Structure 

Goldman Sachs 
Board of 
Directors 

Subsidiary 
Boards 

Senior 
Management 
Committees 

Sustainability 
and Climate-
Focused 
Forums 

Internal 
Corporate 
Functional 
Groups 

Board Oversight 

Goldman Sachs Group Board of Directors and Committees 

Subsidiary Boards 

Internal Governance 

Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee 

Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee 

Firmwide Sustainability Steering Group 

Sustainable Asset Working Group 

Internal Functional Groups 

Executive Office 

Sustainable Finance Group 

Controllers 

Investor Relations 

Risk 

Office of Government & Regulatory Affairs 

Corporate Planning and Management — 
Sustainable Operations 

Office of Corporate Engagement 

Data Engineering — ESG Beacon 

59 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm | Governance 

Board Oversight 

Board of Directors 

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Board of Directors and its 
committees are responsible for overseeing the business and affairs 
of our firm, including oversight of the management of the firm’s 
most significant risks. 

Given the interdisciplinary nature of the oversight of sustainability, 
including priorities of climate transition and inclusive growth, 
and the financial and nonfinancial risks related to these activities, 
the Board carries out its oversight of these matters directly, at 
the full Board level, as well as through its committees, including 
its Risk and Public Responsibilities Committees. 

This may include periodic updates on the firm’s sustainability 
strategy and initiatives, as well as targets, progress and incentives 
related thereto, discussions regarding the climate models the 
firm utilizes to assess physical and transition risks, and reviews 
of our sustainability- and climate-related reporting. 

Risk Committee 

The Risk Committee of the Board plays a central role in our 
Board’s oversight of firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks. 
This includes the firm’s overall risk-taking tolerance and risk 
governance, including with respect to climate risk. As part of 
its oversight, the Risk Committee receives periodic updates 
on our climate risk management approach, including scenario 
analysis capabilities and integration into existing risk 
management processes. 

Public Responsibilities Committee 

The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the 
Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and 
sustainability issues affecting the firm. As part of its oversight, 
the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates 
on our sustainability strategy and reporting as well as updates 
on initiatives such as One Million Black Women and 10,000 Small 
Businesses. The Public Responsibilities Committee also periodically 
reviews our governance and related policies and processes for 
sustainability and climate-related matters. 

Subsidiary Boards 

As applicable, boards of our subsidiary entities around the globe 
may provide additional oversight of sustainability matters as may 
be required from time to time. 

Internal Governance 

Senior Management Committees 

Various senior management committees and groups oversee our 
transaction selection decisions and risk management processes. 
The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) is responsible 
for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks, including 
climate-related risk. The ERC, through its oversight of the Enterprise 
Risk Management Framework, monitors the firm’s risk profile on both 
an aggregate and segment level, inclusive of key trends, top and 
emerging risks, and significant events that potentially affect the firm’s 
risk profile. The ERC is co-chaired by the chief risk officer (CRO) and 
chief operating officer. The chief financial officer is vice-chair, and 
the Committee also includes senior firm leaders, many of whom are 
also members of other firmwide risk committees. 

Our Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee is responsible 
for assessing reputational risks through thematic discussions and 
by reviewing transactions identified as having potential heightened 
reputational risk, including those driven by sustainability-related 
issues, pursuant to the criteria established by the Firmwide 
Reputational Risk Committee and as determined by committee 
leadership. 

Sustainability and Climate-Focused Forums 

In addition to senior management committees, several firmwide 
forums are focused on convening key senior stakeholders from 
across our businesses and corporate functional groups to oversee 
climate and other sustainability-related issues. 

The Sustainability Steering Group convenes key senior 
stakeholders, including those from the Sustainable Finance Group 
(SFG), Risk, Controllers, Global Banking & Markets (GBM) and Asset 
& Wealth Management (AWM). This group provides guidance 
on key climate risk and opportunity decisions, including interim 
goal setting to achieve our long-term net zero by 2050 pathway 
commitment. Chaired by the firm’s CRO and head of SFG, the group 
reviews progress and provides feedback on climate strategy, risk 
management, integration and climate-related capabilities more 
broadly. This includes oversight of our 2030 sectoral targets in 
Energy, Power and Auto Manufacturing, and associated voluntary 
reporting. Further, the group oversees firmwide regulatory 
sustainability implementation, including oversight of sustainability 
reporting requirements. 

60 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm | Governance 

The Sustainable Asset Working Group (SAWG) discusses, 
guides, and validates sustainable client offerings and attributions 
at the transaction and product level, as well as applying our 
allocation methodology for transactions that contribute toward 
our firmwide $750 billion sustainable finance commitment. This 
commitment is built on commercial activity that is aligned with 
our firm’s Sustainable Finance Framework. SAWG also governs 
the firm’s Sustainability Issuance Framework and sustainability 
issuances. Finally, SAWG serves as an internal control group to help 
ensure accuracy and accountability for our firmwide $750 billion 
sustainable finance commitment and consists of members from 
our businesses, SFG and control-side personnel. 

Internal Functional Groups 

We embed sustainability responsibilities within various firmwide 
functional teams that support our businesses and clients. In addition, 
a group of senior leaders from across the firm reviews and provides 
feedback prior to sustainability report disclosures. 

Our Executive Office (EO) plays an integral role in setting and 
advancing Goldman Sachs’ corporate strategy and in preserving the 
firm’s distinctive culture. The EO is responsible for safeguarding the 
firm’s relationship with alumni, clients, shareholders, policymakers 
and the broader public, while ensuring our own people remain 
informed about the firm’s priorities, including sustainability-related 
priorities. The EO also partners with the businesses to source 
high-impact opportunities in line with the firm’s sustainability-
related objectives. 

In addition to SFG, which leads the advancement of firmwide 
sustainability strategy, other EO teams supporting the firm’s 
sustainability strategy include the Office of Government & 
Regulatory Affairs (OGRA), Investor Relations (IR), and the 
Office of Corporate Engagement (OCE). OGRA manages 
relationships with regulatory and legislative bodies around the 
world, while also advancing a public policy agenda in support 
of the firm and our clients, and partners with SFG on discussions 
on sustainability-related policy topics, where applicable. IR works 
closely with senior management to shape the firm’s external 
engagement with equity and debt investors, research analysts, 
rating agencies, credit counterparties and sustainability-focused 
stakeholders. The team also collaborates with key internal 
constituents on competitive positioning, firmwide strategic initiatives, 
and capital and resource management. OCE leverages our capital, 
people, and innovations to help address economic and societal 
challenges, catalyze markets, and transform communities. 

Other Internal Functional Groups outside the EO include 
Controllers, responsible for the tracking and review of progress 
toward select firmwide sustainability-related targets, including the 
2030 sectoral targets. This team also coordinates with SFG and 
various functional teams to ensure the consistency, accuracy and 
completeness of reporting toward these targets and other climate-
related disclosures. 

Risk is an independent risk oversight and control function of the 
firm and is responsible for the effective identification, monitoring, 
evaluation, and management of the firm’s financial and nonfinancial 
risks. At an operational level, Risk specialist teams are responsible 
for the development of the firm’s climate, environmental and 
social-related risks programs, including setting and evaluating risk 
appetite, quantifying climate-related risk and integrating that 
risk into business and risk management practices. Select teams 
within Risk also guide environmental, health and safety standards 
for our investing activities and perform due diligence on proposed 
investment transactions to help business teams identify and mitigate 
potential sustainability risks. 

Corporate Planning & Management (CPM) unifies Finance & 
Planning, Spend Management, Operational Risk and Resilience, 
and CPM Engineering teams to deliver business planning and 
analytics, expense management, third-party risk management, 
sustainability initiatives for our operations and supply chain, 
and governance strategies across the firm. As part of CPM, the 
Sustainable Operations team manages the firm’s operational and 
supply chain sustainability-related goals, including our commitment 
to achieve net zero by 2030, and partners with Corporate & 
Workplace Solutions to deliver environmentally responsible 
workplace solutions. 

Data Engineering is the group that seeks to deliver fast, easy 
and secure access to high-quality data for running businesses 
effectively at scale. Their work spans a combination of curating 
core datasets for the firm, hosting a consolidated enterprise data 
platform that enables building, publishing, and consuming high-
quality data services, collaboration with divisions in machine 
learning, data design, and data licensing, and enforcing strong 
data governance throughout the firm. Within Data Engineering is 
ESG Beacon, a team focused on sustainability data and shared 
tooling to streamline use and ensure strong governance. The team 
sources, ingests, models, and delivers shared sustainability data 
to businesses across the firm. 

61 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm 

Risk Management 
As a global financial institution, Goldman Sachs is exposed to climate and other environmental 
and social-related risks that manifest in different ways across our businesses. 

We manage these risks through our three lines of defense to ensure robust oversight and monitoring across the organization. As 
highlighted earlier in this report, we see climate and other environmental and social-related opportunities across our financing, investing 
and advisory activities. From a risk perspective, extreme weather events and chronic changes in temperatures resulting from climate 
change may disrupt operations or affect the value of our clients’ and the firm’s portfolios; further, there are other environmental risks such 
as biodiversity and social risks impacting human capital. To identify, mitigate and adapt to these climate and other environmental and 
social-related risks, we are focused on advancing our risk management capabilities, building on our risk management culture. 

Our Three Lines of Defense 

Climate Risk Management 

Risk identification serves as the foundation for our firm’s risk 
processes, informing risk strategy, mitigants and controls. Our 
bank’s risk identification process is supported by quantification 
methods, data infrastructure and analytics, culminating in our 
comprehensive Risk Factor Inventory encompassing financial 
and nonfinancial risks, including climate-related risks. 

This identification of climate-related risks precedes a materiality 
assessment of risk factors that may manifest across the firm’s 
businesses. The risk taxonomy is the classification structure by 
which the firm organizes potential risks and risk events, providing 
common terms for risk identification, assessment, monitoring 
and reporting processes. Within this taxonomy, climate-related 
risks are categorized within the broader Strategic and Business 
Environment Risk category as distinct, stand-alone risks. 
Additionally, we consider climate-related risks to be potential 
drivers across all risk categories. In describing physical and transition 
risks as risk drivers, we emphasize how they may impact other 
risk categories (Credit and Market Risk, Liquidity and Funding Risk, 
and Operational Risk) over a range of time horizons. 

Goldman Sachs Enterprise Risk Management Framework consists 
of several key processes, including risk identification and assessment, 
risk appetite, limits and threshold setting, risk reporting and 
monitoring, and risk decision-making. Our risk management 
framework is based on a “three lines of defense” structure, which 
covers financial and nonfinancial risks, including climate and 
other environmental and social-related risks. 

First Line: Our Businesses 

Our businesses are considered the first line of defense and are 
accountable for outcomes of risk-generating activities, as well as 
for assessing and managing those risks, including climate and other 
environmental and social-related risks, within clients’ risk appetite 
and the firm’s risk appetite. 

Second Line: Independent Oversight and Control Functions 

Independent risk oversight and control functions are considered the 
second line of defense. There are both business segment–specific 
and firmwide risk and control functions that perform second-line 
risk management activities, including independent assessment, 
oversight, and challenge of the risks taken by the first line of defense. 

Third Line: Audit 

Internal Audit is the third line of defense and provides independent 
assessments and opinions of the firm’s overall control environment, 
risk management controls, and governance processes. Internal Audit 
reports to the Board Audit Committee. 

62 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm | Risk Management 

Other Environmental and Social Risk Management 

As our risk management modeling evolves, we are increasingly 
considering climate-related risks alongside other environmental 
and biodiversity risks such as seismic and water stress risk. We also 
integrate and manage environmental and social risks through risk 
assessment and reporting. These environmental risks may not be 
exclusively linked to long-term changes in the climate; nonetheless, 
we find they are best assessed together with climate-related risks. 
Given the significance of these environmental risks, in-house 
specialist teams consider climate-related and environmental (C&E) 
risk in an integrated manner. 

We proactively manage and publicly report the material impacts 
of sustainability-related risks to our firm, including C&E and social 
risks across our first- and second-line teams. Dedicated teams 
within Legal and Compliance examine and advise the firm on legal, 
regulatory and reputational environmental, social and governance 
risks. Select teams within the Risk division also guide environmental, 
health and safety standards for our investing activities and perform 
Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) due diligence on proposed 
investment transactions to help business teams identify and mitigate 
potential risk. 

Guidelines and Policies 

Our perspectives on sustainability are informed by our stakeholders, 
including investors, nongovernmental organizations and regulators — 
and they help us to better advise our clients in terms of how to 
improve environmental and social practices. Examples of our firm’s 
related guidelines include our EPF, Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics, the Statement on Human Rights, Statement on Modern Slavery 
and Human Trafficking, and the Vendor Code of Conduct. Notably, our 
EPF guides our overall approach to sustainability issues — including 
management of environmental and social risk across a broad scope 
of sectors and products. 

​

​

Our advisory, financing and direct investing teams include 
environmental and social due diligence as part of the review process. 
Transactions that may have significant environmental or social 
risks, including reputational risks, are escalated for enhanced review 
and business selection discussion. Several teams are involved in 
helping businesses identify and mitigate potential environmental 
and social risks, including our Business Intelligence Group, SFG, and 
Operational Risk. For several sectors with particular environmental 
sensitivity (e.g., Oil & Gas, Chemicals, Metals & Mining, Forestry, 
Water), business teams are equipped with enhanced due diligence 
guidelines and training to evaluate and engage with new and existing 
business opportunities more effectively.¹ 

20 23 T r ansa c tion Highlights 
In 2023, SFG reviewed more than 2,600 transactions for environmental and social reputational risks. 

800 

700 

600 

500 

400 

300 

200 

100 

0 

759 

681 

P o w er² 

E n ergy 

332 

298 

249 

156 

I  I  I  ■  - - - -
Fin a ncial 
H ealthcare 
In d ustrials³ 
Tech n olo gy, M e dia, a n d 
Institutio ns 
m u nicatio ns
Teleco m

Infrastructure4 

C o nsu m er/ 
R etail 

C h e m icals 

M etals 
& M inin g

28 

77 

16 

60 

1	 We focus primarily on climate-specific risks in this disclosure; however, many of the program enhancements described apply to both climate risk and environmental and social risk. 
2	 Power includes Biofuels. 
3	 Industrials includes Forestry. 
4	 Infrastructure includes Transportation. 

63 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
04 | Protecting the Value of Our Firm 

Regulatory Preparedness 
Goldman Sachs has been providing voluntary sustainability disclosures for the better part of two 
decades, beginning with our first Environmental Report in 2006. We have since evolved our voluntary 
sustainability disclosures to increase transparency, including with our first SASB disclosure in 2019. 

We are investing to be able to produce the required sustainability 
data and associated reporting capabilities. We are also reviewing our 
existing governance and oversight structures and developing and 
implementing our longer-term operating model. We are designing a 
flexible operating model to meet our voluntary reporting objectives 
as well as to comply with existing and additional forthcoming 
mandatory reporting requirements across other jurisdictions. 

Continuing to prepare for this shift in sustainability reporting 
will guide our approach to broader sustainability measurement, 
reporting and commitments as well as our ongoing assessment 
of voluntary and regulatory frameworks, which may influence our 
continued participation in voluntary sustainability-related industry 
organizations. As this shift unfolds, our client-centric sustainability 
strategy will persist as we continue to develop and deploy innovative 
products and solutions for our clients, work with regulators and 
strategic partners to address gaps in the marketplace, and protect 
and preserve the long-term value of our firm. 

Since then, the sustainability reporting landscape has continued 
to evolve, with a shift from voluntary to mandatory reporting. 
In June 2023, global sustainability standard setter International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) published its inaugural IFRS S1 
(General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-Related 
Financial Information) and IFRS S2 (Climate-Related Disclosures) 
standards. With its goal to create a global baseline of consistent, 
comparable, and decision-useful sustainability information for 
investors that could be used alongside financial statements, the ISSB 
sought to facilitate interoperability across jurisdictions to reduce 
the operational burden and complexity of new regulatory reporting 
for corporates, including Goldman Sachs and our clients. 

Some jurisdictions, however, have already passed laws that mandate 
disclosures that go well beyond the ISSB’s definition of materiality 
and global baseline of disclosures. For example, Goldman Sachs 
Group at the consolidated level will be subject to new, extraterritorial 
sustainability-related laws that have been implemented by EU 
policymakers and member states. In particular, Goldman Sachs will 
be subject to new, extensive disclosure requirements that exceed 
the ISSB’s global baseline as required under the EU CSRD. 

While Goldman Sachs published a regulatory disclosure under 
the CSRD’s predecessor, the Non-financial Reporting Directive, in 
2023 for one of our European entities, the CSRD will significantly 
expand both the scope and breadth of both qualitative and 
quantitative financial and impact-related disclosures associated 
with the 12 ESRS. 

For information on our existing statements, policies, and reports on sustainability, please visit 
the Corporate Governance section of our website. For more information about our financial and 
nonfinancial regulatory disclosures, please visit the Regulatory Disclosures section of our website. 

64 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 05 

Metrics 
and Targets 

Our overall sustainability strategy is supported by specific metrics and targets 
that help us track progress, report to our stakeholders, and drive our business 
decision-making. 

These metrics and targets support our strategic objective of working with our 
clients to help them achieve their sustainability goals, while managing our firm’s 
sustainability-related risks and opportunities. 

In This Section 

66 

68 

69 

Progress Toward Our Firmwide 
$750 Billion Sustainable 
Finance Commitment 

74 

79 

Progress Toward Our 2030 
Sectoral Targets 

Progress Toward Our 
Operational and Supply 
Chain Commitments 

SASB Index 

Thematic Index for Our 
Existing Sustainability 
Disclosures 

65 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets 

Progress Toward Our Firmwide $750 Billion 
Sustainable Finance Commitment 

In 2019, we developed our Sustainable Finance Framework and announced our firmwide 
10-year, $750 billion sustainable finance commitment to support the increasing demand for 
sustainable finance solutions across our financing, investing, and advisory work with clients. 

We have made significant progress over the first four years. Since setting this 10-year commitment, we have achieved 
approximately $555 billion¹ in commercial activity, including $302 billion in Climate Transition, $74 billion in Inclusive 
Growth, and the remainder in multiple themes.² Of the $302 billion in Climate Transition, the most significant sub-theme 
contributor is from Clean Energy followed by Sustainable Transport and Ecosystem Services, which together drive the 
majority of the contribution. 

This progress reflects our integrated sustainable finance strategy and our ability to direct capital toward solutions 
necessary to help our clients achieve their sustainability ambition. 

Progress Toward 2030 Target 

Climate Transition 
$302B

Inclusive 
Growth 
$74B 

Remainder in 
Multiple Themes 

 ~$555B 

Achievement to date 

$750B 

Progress by Business Segment

 Global Banking & Markets

■ 

 Asset & Wealth Management

■ 

 Platform Solutions 

■ 

Annual Proogrgress (20
Annual Pr

ess (2023)23) 

Cumulative Progress 

2% 
PS 

62% 
GBM 

1% 
PS 

56% 
GBM 

Total 

~$130B 

Total 

~$555B 

36% 
AWM 

43% 
AWM 

1	 As of 12/31/23. 
2	 Includes activity relating to both Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth. 

66 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets 

Progress Toward Our Firmwide $750 Billion 
Sustainable Finance Commitment (continued) 

Progress by Theme

 Climate Transition

■ 

 Inclusive Growth

■ 

 Multiple Themes 

■ 

Clean Energy 30% 

Annual Progress (2023) 

30% 

Total 

~$130B 

5% 

65% 

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare <1% 
Accessible and Affordable Education <1% 

Financial Inclusion 2% 

Communities 3% 

Food and Agriculture <1% 

Waste and Materials 1% 

Sustainable Transport 3% 

Climate Transition — Multiple Themes 8% 

Ecosystem Services 23% 

Cumulative Progress 

Clean Energy 34% 

33% 

Total 

~$555B 

54% 

13% 

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare 2% 

Financial Inclusion 2% 

Accessible and Affordable Education 2% 

Sustainable Transport 7% 

Communities 7% 

Food and Agriculture <1% 

Waste and Materials 2% 

Ecosystem Services 7% 

Climate Transition — Multiple Themes 4% 

67 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
05 | Metrics and Targets 

Progress Toward Our 2030 Sectoral Targets 
We are committed to working with our clients, investors and the public sector to support 
the goals of the Paris Agreement. At the same time, we recognize that there are substantial 
gaps between the Paris-aligned scenarios and the current state of policies, commitments, 
and technologies. In our ongoing pursuit of these targets, we continue to evaluate data 
quality, and, if necessary, adjust our reporting and methodology to ensure the accuracy 
and relevance of our metrics. 

In December 2021, we published physical emissions intensity-
based targets¹ related to our financing activities in Energy,²,³ 
Power, and Auto Manufacturing4 using 2019 data. These sectors 
reflect where we saw the greatest opportunity to proactively 
engage clients, to deploy capital required for the transition, and 
to invest in new commercial solutions to support the transition to 
a low-carbon economy. 

In December 2023, we provided our first update on progress toward 
these 2030 sectoral targets,5 taking into account the most recent 
data available for our physical emissions intensity calculation.6 
In our 2021 portfolios, we have begun to see progress toward these 
portfolio targets, but reiterate that year-to-year progress may not 
always be linear. Below is a summary of our December 2023 update. 
For more detailed information on this progress, please see the 
Goldman Sachs 2023 TCFD Report. 

​

​

​

2030 Sectoral Targets and Intensities of Our 2021 Financing Portfolios 

Sector 

Energy 

Power 

Metric 

gCO2e / MJ 

kgCO2e / MWh 

Auto Manufacturing 

gCO2e / km 

a	 Majority of vendor data was pulled during July 2023. 
b	 Reduction percentage from 2019 baseline to 2030 sectoral target. 

2019 Baseline 

2021 Intensitya 

2021 vs. 2019 

72 

417 

152 

72 

296 

119 

0% 

-29% 

-22% 

2030 Sectoral 
Targets 

56–60 (17–22%)b 

147–219 (48–65%)b 

70–77 (49–54%)b 

Later this year, we plan to provide another update on our sectoral 
targets. We will continue to support our clients in critical sectors 
as they deliver on their climate transition strategies, including 
by providing financing and investing in climate transition–enabling 

technology and infrastructure. As relevant regulations are finalized, 
we anticipate providing additional disclosures in 2025 to comply with 
climate- and other sustainability-related reporting requirements, 
including those of the EU CSRD. 

1	 The upper bound of each target does not exceed the expectations set by the below 2 degrees C scenario, whereas the lower limit aligns with the 1.5 degrees C pathways. 
The referenced 2- and 1.5-degrees C pathways are based on Goldman Sachs’ Carbonomics research, which starts with the same science-based carbon budgets from IPCC 
as other research scenarios and builds out pathways based on the costs of different technologies and approaches to decarbonization. For additional details on the 
Goldman Sachs Carbonomics research, please refer to the Goldman Sachs TCFD Report 2021. 

​

​

2	 Includes all liquid and gaseous fuels, such as oil, natural gas, hydrogen, biofuels, and sustainable aviation fuel. 
3	 Energy has been renamed from Oil & Gas in the Goldman Sachs TCFD Report 2021. 
4	 Our target is specifically focused on light-duty-vehicle auto manufacturing, including both cars and light trucks for passenger and commercial uses. 
5	 Emission scopes vary across sectors: Energy and Auto Manufacturing encompass Scopes 1, 2, and 3, while Power focuses solely on Scope 1 emissions. For detailed methodology 

and rationale on scope inclusion/exclusion in each sector, please refer to pages 44–46 of the Goldman Sachs TCFD Report 2021. 

​

​

6	 Due to the time lag that exists for company-reported intensities and vendor ingestion of company emissions and production data, 2021 is the most current year 

where data exists across all three of these inputs for our physical emissions intensity calculation. 

68 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
05 | Metrics and Targets 

Progress Toward Our Operational 
and Supply Chain Commitments 
We are committed to increasing the sustainability of Goldman Sachs’ operations, business 
travel, and supply chain globally. This is why we set 2025 sustainability goals, that aim to 
further improve our performance across a range of areas including water, waste and energy 
consumption, renewable energy procurement, and sustainable supply chain practices. In the 
past year, we have advanced progress toward our commitments that target net zero by 2030 
in our operations and supply chain. 

Following this 2030 net zero commitment, we conducted a detailed assessment across our footprint to better understand key 
emissions sources. In 2023, we revised our carbon accounting methodology, which included leveraging a third-party technology 
solution. Our new measurement approach incorporates the latest climate science, helps increase the accuracy of our reported 
emissions, and enables the integration of more advanced carbon calculations.¹ We expect this new measurement approach 
to enable us to identify more impactful opportunities for emissions reduction across all scopes, including our Scope 3 emissions, 
which we seek to reduce in partnership with our vendors. 

The following section presents our current operational and supply chain sustainability metrics, along with key progress updates. 

2023 Metrics and Key Indicators 

Organization 

Global facilities reported2 

Revenues ($M) 

Operational rentable square feet (million sq. ft.)2 

Employees 

Occupied seats², ³ 

Certification 

◊ LEED-certified buildings (% of sq. ft.)4 

◊ ISO 14001–Certified Operations (% of sq. ft.)4 

◊ ISO 20121–Certified Events (% onsite events)4 

Energy 

Global direct energy consumption (MWh)5 

Natural gas6 

Other fuels7 

2022–2023 
Trend 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2017 
Base Year 

↑ 
↓ 
↓ 
↓ 
↑ 

↓ 

↑ 

308 

292 

286 

286 

$46,254 

$47,365 

$59,339 

$32,730 

10.6 

45,300 

53,000 

70% 

100% 

100% 

10.7 

48,500 

52,800 

71% 

100% 

100% 

10.6 

43,900 

51,000 

74% 

100% 

100% 

10.0 

33,600 

40,600 

– 

– 

– 

41,701 

39,819 

42,830 

42,103 

42% 

58% 

62% 

38% 

69% 

31% 

88% 

12% 

1	 As a result of this update, we have re-baselined our Scope 1, 2, and 3 (excluding Category 15) emissions back to our 2017 base year. The updates to our Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 

Business Travel are reflected in the operational metrics table. 

2	 This metric includes data that was normalized for sites that closed during the reporting year by multiplying the site value by the percentage of time Goldman Sachs operated the facility. 
3	 Occupied seats represent the number of people expected in the office, including both contingent workers and employees. 
4	 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Further information 

on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here. Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, 
except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted. 

5	 Historical energy, water and greenhouse gas metrics were updated to reflect a new methodology in 2023. For originally reported values, please refer to our 2022 and 2021 Sustainability Reports. 

Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the methodology impact). 

6	 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies. 
7	 Other fuels include fuel oil, LPG, vehicle fuel and jet fuel. 

69 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain Commitments 

2023 Metrics and Key Indicators (continued) 

Energy (continued) 

Global intermediate energy consumption (MWh)5 

Purchased electricity 

Purchased steam & chilled water 

Global direct and intermediate energy consumption (MWh)5 

Reduction in global energy consumption from baseline (%) 

Energy use intensity for offices (kWh/sq. ft.) 

◊ Reduction in energy use intensity for offices from baseline (%)4 

Global renewable energy consumption (MWh) 

◊ Percent renewable energy4, 8 

Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 

Scope 1 — Direct (metric tons CO2-equivalent [tCO2e])5 

Natural gas6 

Other fuels7 

HFC refrigerants 

Scope 2 (location) — Indirect (tCO2e)5 

Purchased electricity 

Purchased steam & chilled water 

Scope 2 (market) — Indirect (tCO2e)5 

Purchased electricity 

Purchased steam & chilled water 

Scope 3: Category 6 — Business travel (tCO2e)5 

Commercial air9 

Other travel10 

Total Emissions: Scope 1 & 2 (location) (tCO2e)5 

Total Emissions: Scope 1 & 2 (market) (tCO2e)5 

Total Emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market), and 3 Category 6 (tCO2e)5 

◊ Net Emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market), and 3 Category 6 (tCO2e)4, 5 

Verified carbon avoidance credits (tCO2e)¹¹ 

Verified carbon removals (tCO2e)¹¹ 

2022–2023 
Trend 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2017 
Base Year 

↓ 

↓ 

↓ 

↓ 

↑ 

↓ 

↓ 

↑ 

↓ 
↑ 
↑ 

451,817 

466,608 

441,102 

504,826 

97% 

3% 

96% 

4% 

96% 

4% 

97% 

3% 

493,518 

506,427 

483,932 

546,929 

-10% 

18.9 

-42% 

-7% 

21.5 

-34% 

-12% 

21.4 

-35% 

n/a 

32.7 

n/a 

436,210 

448,939 

416,660 

453,518 

100% 

100% 

100% 

94% 

13,842 

12,595 

12,648 

11,102 

23% 

43% 

34% 

35% 

30% 

35% 

42% 

26% 

32% 

61% 

11% 

28% 

155,105 

156,468 

145,013 

190,782 

98% 

2% 

98% 

2% 

98% 

2% 

99% 

1% 

9,252 

9,821 

11,121 

18,192 

68% 

32% 

67% 

33% 

70% 

30% 

85% 

15% 

79,915 

61,517 

21,496 

120,335 

90% 

10% 

84% 

16% 

67% 

33% 

81% 

19% 

168,947 

169,063 

157,661 

201,884 

23,094 

103,009 

0 

79,915 

23,094 

22,416 

83,933 

0 

57,233 

21,820 

23,769 

45,265 

0 

26,116 

20,000 

29,294 

149,629 

0 

146,950 

0 

4	 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Further information 

on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here. Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, 
except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted. 

5	 Historical energy, water and greenhouse gas metrics were updated to reflect a new methodology in 2023. For originally reported values, please refer to our 2022 and 2021 Sustainability Reports. 

Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the methodology impact). 

6	 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies. 
7	 Other fuels include fuel oil, LPG, vehicle fuel, and jet fuel. 
8	 The firm sourced renewable electricity equivalent to 100% of global electricity consumption. 96% is in line with RE100 market boundary criteria and requirements for firms joining prior to 2021. 
9	 This includes impact of incremental changes in air travel emission factors in 2023. 

10	 This includes charter air, rail/bus, ferry, car, and hotels. 
11	 The firm purchases third-party-verified carbon offsets (avoidance and/or removal credits) with emission claims that are tracked on the registries of Verra, Green-e, Gold Standard, or other similar 
platforms. For YE 2023, credits are sourced from a variety of projects: Madre de Dios REDD projects, Hechu Afforestation Project in Anhui Province, India’s Breathing Space Improved Cooking Stoves 
Programme, Guizhou Province Qianxinan Afforestation Project, and Ascend N2O Abatement project in US. Credits are applied to net emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market) and Scope 3 Category 6. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

70 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain Commitments 

2023 Metrics and Key Indicators (continued) 

2022–2023 
Trend 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2017 
Base Year 

Water 

Global water withdrawal (m³) 

Reduction in global water withdrawal from baseline (%) 

Water use intensity for offices (m³/occupied seat) 

◊ Reduction in water-use intensity for offices from baseline (%)4 

Waste 

Global business waste (metric tons)¹² 

Recycled/Composted material 

◊ Landfilled material4, ¹² 

Waste to energy 

Global e-waste (metric tons) 

Recycled material 

Global construction waste (metric tons) 

Recycled/Composted material 

Landfilled material 

Waste to energy 

Responsible Sourcing 

Paper consumption (million sheets) 

Certified new fibers (FSC/SFI) 

Post-consumer recycled 

New fibers 

Paper consumption/employee (sheets) 

◊ Reduction in paper consumption/employee from baseline (%)4 

◊ Green cleaning products (%)4, 6 

◊ Sustainably sourced food (%)4, 6 

Single-use plastics (metric tons)6, 13 

◊ Plastic beverage bottles and disposable plastics (%)4, 6 

Office supplies (%)6 

Supply Chain 

◊ Vendors with inherently higher ESG risk who have been assessed (%)4, 14 

◊ Spend $1.5B with small and diverse vendors (%)4, 15 

↓ 

↑ 

↓ 

↑ 

↑ 

↑ 

↑ 

↑ 
↑ 
↓ 

918,515 

930,682 

826,151 

1,026,286 

-11% 

13.0 

-32% 

-9% 

12.7 

-33% 

-20% 

11.2 

-41% 

n/a 

19.0 

n/a 

2,744 

3,676 

2,820 

5,979 

68% 

4% 

28% 

380 

55% 

3% 

42% 

193 

58% 

3% 

39% 

321 

100% 

100% 

100% 

723 

90% 

10% 

0% 

57 

95% 

3% 

2% 

1,253 

-73% 

67% 

21% 

22 

75% 

25% 

98% 

32% 

676 

61% 

25% 

14% 

51 

94% 

3% 

3% 

1,051 

-77% 

58% 

11% 

29 

84% 

16% 

97% 

– 

158 

84% 

16% 

0% 

42 

96% 

3% 

1% 

965 

-79% 

48% 

12% 

27 

91% 

9% 

60% 

– 

57% 

7% 

36% 

265 

100% 

4,171 

99% 

1% 

0% 

168 

69% 

22% 

9% 

4,583 

n/a 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

– 

–
– 

71 

4	 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Further information 

on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here. Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, 
except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted. 

6	 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies. 

12	 The firm has diverted 100% business waste from landfill where alternative disposal methods exist. Currently, no alternatives exist in Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand. 
13	 2021 is the new baseline year for single-use plastics because data boundary has increased and data collection has improved. 
14	 All vendors whom we deem to have an inherently higher ESG risk — which includes higher risk of modern slavery and human trafficking — and are over our material spend threshold, 

are required to complete an ESG questionnaire. 

15	 In 2022, we achieved our 2025 goal early and set a new goal to spend cumulative $1.5 billion with small and diverse vendors globally between 2023 and 2025. 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain Commitments 

Progress Toward 2030 Net Zero Commitments 

In 2023, we continued to engage our vendors to understand their climate goals. 

2023 Supply Chain Net Zero Initiatives 

Net Zero 
Carbon Goals 
Nearly 40% of the vendors we 
engaged in 2023 have a net zero 
carbon commitment. 

Educational 
Sessions 
Hosted a series of educational 
sessions with key vendors to 
communicate our goals and the 
value of GHG measurement. 

Free Vendor 
Resources 
Offered free resources to help 
vendors complete a GHG 
footprint for the first time. 

Emissions Footprint 
and Climate Goals 
Disclosure 
Vendors representing over 70% 
of our supply chain emissions 
disclosed their emissions and 
climate goals, helping us to 
understand our footprint and 
prepare for reporting on our 
supply chain. 

Driving Sustainability in Our Workplaces 

Since 2005, the firm has had a global focus on designing, building, 
and operating sustainable workplaces. 

As of 2023, 70% of our global workplace square footage is LEED 
(or equivalent)-certified, demonstrating a consistent framework 
for healthy and efficient green buildings.¹ Building on global efforts, 
our new LEED Platinum office in Hyderabad, India, which opened 
in October 2023, showcases key sustainability initiatives, including 
maximizing exposure to natural light, utilizing a sensor-driven 
lighting system, increasing energy efficiency levels to 11% higher 
than benchmark building standards, and using high-efficiency 
filters to promote healthy indoor air quality. Hyderabad Opel has 
been awarded WELL Platinum certification for New & Existing 
Interiors, marking a significant milestone as the firm’s first Platinum 
certified property in our portfolio. WELL provides evidence-based 
strategies across a number of areas to offer a holistic pathway to 

enhancing the health and well being of our people, including air 
and water quality, healthy foods, lighting and acoustics, thermal 
comfort, restriction and management of polluting compounds and 
volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) and ergonomics and movement. 
Sample highlights from Opel contributing to the certification 
include indoor connectivity through the vertical grand staircase, 
biophilia, collaboration areas that boost flexibility to help lower 
stress, 100% height-adjustable desks with ergonomic chairs and an 
overall approach to sustainable design. Sourcing of office furniture 
for Hyderabad was also designed to reduce waste and support our 
inclusive growth strategies. 100% of furniture in our collaboration 
spaces was reused from previous offices, and all furniture in our 
cafeteria and offices was sourced from Howe Work Spaces, a 
micro and woman-owned business, that is also a Goldman Sachs 
10,000 Women graduate. 

1	 U.S. Green Building Council: LEED rating system and International WELL Building Council: WELL rating system, as of March 2024. 

72 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain Commitments 

Driving Sustainability in Our Workplaces (continued) 

Since 2020, we have sourced electricity equivalent to 100% of our 
global consumption from renewable sources and continue our focus 
on adding clean power to the grid by executing long-term power 
purchase agreements. We continue to identify opportunities to 
more efficiently operate existing workplaces and reduce energy 
consumption. In 2023, we fully transitioned the Plumtree Court office 
in London to a demand-based heating operation that aligns with 
building occupancy. This approach led to an approximately 45% 
reduction in natural gas usage compared with 2022. Across three 
key locations, we have leveraged our Intelligent Building Platform 
(IBP) to reduce overall energy consumption. In 2023 alone, this 
identification process pinpointed thousands of instances where 

equipment in these buildings was operating below its maximum 
achievable efficiency, enabling us to reduce their overall energy 
consumption by approximately 12 gigawatt hours as compared 
with 2022. The IBP employs technology to constantly monitor our 
sites and identify deviations from optimal performance in building 
equipment and systems. 

Across our global hospitality operations, which include on-site 
cafeterias and micro-markets, we continue to increase our 
purchasing of sustainably sourced food and reduce our global 
plastic consumption. 

Supply Chain Sustainability Progress 

After exceeding our 2025 small and diverse vendor spend goal three years early in 2022, we set a new goal to 
spend $1.5 billion between 2023–2025. We continued to grow our spend with small and diverse vendors in 2023, 
increasing our spend to $485 million globally, which brings us nearly a third of the way to our 2025 goal. The 
percentage of our addressable spend with small and diverse vendors remained constant at 7%. 

In 2023, we were recognized by WEConnect International with a Gold award in their 2023 Top Global Champions 
for Supplier Diversity and Inclusion, demonstrating a high level of commitment to global supplier diversity 
efforts.¹ We continued to advance our efforts in the UK, becoming founding members of Veteran Owned UK 
and sponsoring the MSDUK and WEConnect International regional conferences. Globally, we delivered training 
to over 150 small and diverse businesses from our One Million Black Women and 10,000 Small Businesses programs 
and partnered with Disability:IN and OutBritain to prepare their members on how to do business with large 
corporations. 

We continue to refine our approach to managing ESG-related risks in our supply chain. In 2023, we automated 
the categorization of a vendor’s ESG risk profile within the vendor management system, with ESG risk contributing 
to the overall risk profiles of our vendors. We also issued an updated Vendor Code of Conduct to all our vendors, 
encouraging them to commit to legal, ethical, safe, fair and environmentally responsible business practices. In 2023, 
we partnered with STOP THE TRAFFIK, a non-profit working to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking, to 
host a session for our vendor management and sourcing teams on modern slavery and human trafficking and its 
intersection with climate change. 

 $485M 

global spend with small and 
diverse businesses in 2023 

 ~$35M 

increase in small and 
diverse spend compared 
with 2022 

63% 

of small and diverse 
spend with minority- and 
women-owned businesses 

38% 

of small and diverse spend 
with Tier 2 vendors² 

Reducing Barriers to Entry 

We listened to 10,000 Small Businesses alumni in our supply chain to better understand their experiences working with large corporations and the 
barriers that may exist for small businesses. Participants highlighted cash flow constraints and the complexities of corporate procurement 
processes as key challenges. In response, we introduced more favorable payment terms globally for our small business population and developed 
training for our global Strategic Sourcing teams on best practices when buying from small businesses.

1	 WEConnect International: 2023 Top Global Champions for SD&I. 
2	 Tier 2 vendor spend is direct and indirect subcontracted spend with a small and/or diverse vendor through a large non-diverse vendor. 

73 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets 

SASB Index 
We leverage the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards to provide disclosure for 
metrics related to the three sectors that most closely align to our mix of businesses: Asset Management 
& Custody Activities, Investment Banking & Brokerage and Commercial Banks. Disclosures that appear 
in more than one of these sector standards are included in a separate section at the top of our SASB 
Index below. 

Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire firm, not just the businesses 
relevant to that sector. We do not currently disclose all metrics included in the standards for these 
three sectors, but we will continue to evaluate them in the future. All data is as of or for the year 
ended December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted. 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Code 

Response 

Disclosures Included in Multiple Sectors’ Standards 

Diversity & 
Inclusion 

Percentage of gender and racial/ 
ethnic group representation 
for (1) executive management, 
(2) non-executive management, 
(3) professionals, and (4) all other 
employees 

Business 
Ethics 

Description of whistleblower policies 
and procedures 

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with: 

•	 Marketing and communication 
of financial product-related 
information to new and returning 
customers; 

•	 Fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, 

anti-competitive behavior, market 
manipulation, malpractice, or other 
related financial industry laws or 
regulations; and 

•	 Professional integrity, including duty 

of care 

FN-IB-330a.1. 

US Workforce Demographics 

FN-AC-330a.1 

Updated data will be included in our forthcoming 2023 People Strategy 
Report. 

As part of our commitment to improving diversity at the firm, we have 
also published our progress toward our aspirational goals; please see 
pages 5–6 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

FN-IB-510a.2 

Raising Integrity Concerns 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings were 
$115 million for 2023. 

FN-AC-510a.2 

FN-CB-510a.2 

FN-AC-270a.2 

FN-AC-510a.1 

FN-IB-510a.1 

FN-IB-510b.3 

FN-CB-510a.1 

74 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | SASB Index 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Code 

Response 

Disclosures Included in Multiple Sectors’ Standards (continued) 

Systemic Risk 
Management 

Global Systemically Important Bank 
(G-SIB) score, by category 

FN-IB-550a.1 

FN-CB-550a.1 

The G-SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from 
the prior year and is generally applicable for the following year. The 
G-SIB surcharge is calculated using two methodologies, the higher of 
which is reflected in the firm’s risk-based capital requirements. The first 
calculation (Method 1) is based on the Basel Committee’s methodology 
which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the size, activity 
and complexity of each G-SIB. The second calculation (Method 2) 
uses similar inputs but includes a measure of on short-term wholesale 
funding. Further information about Method 1 can be found on the Bank 
for International Settlement’s website and further information about 
Method 2 can be found on the Federal Reserve Board’s website. 

We are bound by Method 2 and our applicable G-SIB buffer is 3%. 
Please see pages 12, 88–89 and 203–204 of our 2023 Form 10-K for 
further information. Further information about the indicators which 
factor into the calculation can be found in our FR Y-15 filing, which can 
be accessed here: 

(https://www.bis.org/bcbs/gsib/) 

(https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2015-08-14/pdf/2015-
18702.pdf) 

(https://www.ffiec.gov/NPW) 

Description of approach to 
incorporation of results of mandatory 
and voluntary stress tests into 
capital adequacy planning, long-
term corporate strategy, and other 
business activities 

FN-IB-550a.2 

FN-CB-550a.2 

We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the 
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review and Dodd-Frank Act 
Stress Tests, as well as our resolution and recovery planning. 
Please see pages 14–18, 84, and 86–88 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Asset Management & Custody Activities 

Transparent 
Information & 
Fair Advice for 
Customers 

Description of approach to 
informing customers about 
products and services 

FN-AC-270a.3 

We believe our clients are best served by having a clear understanding 
of how we work together, the capacities in which we act and the fees 
we charge. In addition to contracts for products and services, as well 
as regulatory disclosures, we provide Wealth Management clients a 
comprehensive brochure outlining the services we provide and the 
related fee structures, including how their advisor is compensated for 
each type of service and fee. Please also refer to the Business Standards 
Committee Impact Report, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Risk 
Factors detailed on pages 31–59 of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional 
firmwide information. 

Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Management 
and Advisory 

Amount of assets under 
management, by asset class, 
that employ (1) integration 
of environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) issues, 
(2) sustainability themed investing, 
and (3) screening 

FN-AC-410a.1 

As of December 2023, Goldman Sachs Asset Management manages 
$327.6 billion in sustainability-related assets under supervision. 

FN-AC-410a.2 

Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
factors in investment and/or 
wealth management processes 
and strategies 

At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we believe ESG factors can 
be important tools for identifying investment risk and capturing 
opportunities on behalf of our clients. Our approaches to ESG 
integration will vary by investment team and asset class and Goldman 
Sachs Asset Management’s Statement on Sustainable Investing — ​Public 
​
Investing sets out a summary of some of the elements of our approach 
to Sustainable Investing in our public markets investment businesses. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

75 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | SASB Index 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Code 

Response 

Asset Management & Custody Activities (continued) 

Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Management 
and Advisory 
(continued) 

Systemic Risk 
Management 

Description of proxy voting and 
investee engagement policies and 
procedures 

FN-AC-410a.3 

Description of approach to 
incorporation of liquidity risk 
management programs into portfolio 
strategy and redemption risk 
management 

FN-AC-550a.2 

Total exposure to securities financing 
transactions 

FN-AC-550a.3 

Net exposure to written credit 
derivatives 

FN-AC-550a.4 

Please see our Approach to Stewardship, which sets out a summary 
of some of the elements of our approach to stewardship in the 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management public markets investing business, 
including our approach to engagement, proxy voting and industry 
leadership. Please also see our most recent Stewardship Report, our UK 
Stewardship Code Statement, and our Global Proxy Voting Policy. 

Stewardship (gsam.com) 
​

Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) oversees liquidity risk 
management for the funds and client portfolios for which it serves as 
fund manager/investment advisor. 

GSAM monitors liquidity risk associated with a portfolio’s ability to meet 
potential cash outflows related to investor redemptions/withdrawals 
or potential liabilities related to derivative positions and secured 
funding trades, as well as changes in the liquidity of positions within 
the portfolio. 

GSAM manages the liquidity of its portfolios in line with the investment 
strategy of each portfolio, applicable regulatory requirements, potential 
investor redemption requests and broader macro market conditions, at 
all times in the context of GSAM’s obligations and its role as a fiduciary, 
where applicable. 

As of December 2023, we had $40.2 billion of credit exposure 
from securities financing transactions. Please see page 117 of our 
2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

As of December 2023, written credit derivatives had a total gross 
notional amount of $523.77 billion and purchased credit derivatives 
had a total gross notional amount of $595.23 billion. Please see 
page 162 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 
​

n/a 

n/a 

(1) Total registered and (2) total 
unregistered assets under 
management (AUM) 

FN-AC-000.A 

Registered AUS: $663 billion 

Unregistered AUS: $2,149 billion 

Total assets under custody and 
supervision 

FN-AC-000.B 

$2.8 trillion Assets Under Supervision. Please see page 78 of our 
2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

Investment Banking & Brokerage 

FN-IB-410a.3 

Environmental Policy Framework (updated in 2019) 

Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social, and governance (ESG) 
factors in investment banking and 
brokerage activities 

Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Banking & 
Brokerage 
Activities 

Professional 
Integrity 

Description of approach to ensuring 
professional integrity, including duty 
of care 

FN-IB-510b.4 

Please see page 45 of our 2023 TCFD Report, which highlights 
targets for sectors that are material to our financing portfolio. These 
sectors reflect where we see the greatest opportunity to proactively 
engage with our clients, deploy capital required for the transition, 
and invest in new commercial solutions to support transition to the 
low-carbon economy. 

The firm maintains a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and requires 
employees to annually certify they have reviewed and will comply with 
the code. See the Business Standards Committee Impact Report and our 
Business Principles for further information. 

76 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | SASB Index 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Code 

Response 

Investment Banking & Brokerage (continued) 

Employee 
Incentives and 
Risk Taking 

Percentage of total remuneration 
that is variable for Material Risk 
Takers (MRTs) 

FN-IB-550b.1 

MRT is a regulatory term applied in the UK and Germany, but not 
a concept we apply to our global workforce. Within our UK entity 
workforce only, ~40% of total remuneration awarded to MRTs for 2022 
performance was variable. Within our German entity workforce only, 
~29% of total remuneration awarded to MRTs for 2022 performance 
was variable. 

Note that we apply a pay-for-performance philosophy across our 
organization. Please see our Compensation Principles for further 
information. 

Percentage of variable remuneration 
of Material Risk Takers (MRTs) to 
which malus or clawback provisions 
were applied 

Discussion of policies around 
supervision, control, and validation 
of traders’ pricing of Level 3 assets 
and liabilities 

(1) Number and (2) value of 
(a) underwriting, (b) advisory, and 
(c) securitization transactions 

(1) Number and (2) value of 
proprietary investments and loans 
by sector 

n/a 

n/a 

FN-IB-550b.2 

All equity-based awards granted to employees are subject to 
robust forfeiture and clawback provisions. Please see page 52 of 
our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

​

FN-IB-550b.3 

Please see pages 64–65 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

FN-IB-000.A 

Per Dealogic, our transaction volumes for 2023 were 

Announced mergers and acquisitions 

Completed mergers and acquisitions 

Equity and equity-related offerings 

Debt offerings 

$923B 

$1,008B 

$43B 

$209B 

Please see page 74 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

FN-IB-000.B 

The table below presents the concentration of our $35.9 billion of 
firmwide gross corporate loans by industry: 

Consumer & Retail 

Diversified Industrials 

Financial Institutions 

Funds 

Healthcare 

Natural Resources & Utilities 

Real Estate 

Technology, Media & Telecom. 

Other (incl. Special Purpose Vehicles) 

11% 

17% 

8% 

4% 

9% 

8% 

13% 

25% 

5% 

The table below presents the asset class breakdown of our $13.7 billion 
of equity securities at fair value (reported within our Asset & Wealth 
Management and Global Banking & Markets segments): 

Corporate 

Real Estate 

I 

73% 

27% 

I 

I 

For further information about investments, please see pages 113 and 
165, respectively, of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

77 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
05 | Metrics and Targets | SASB Index 

Topic 

Accounting Metric 

Code 

Response 

Commercial Banks 

Data Security 

Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing data 
security risks 

FN-CB-230a.2 

Financial 
Inclusion 
& Capacity 
Building 

(1) Number and (2) amount of loans 
outstanding qualified to programs 
designed to promote small business 
and community development 

FN-CB-240a.1 

Please refer to our Client Security Statement, which provides an 
overview of the firm’s approach to information security and its practices 
to secure data, systems and services, similarly aligned around the five 
functions of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 
Cybersecurity Framework (CSF). 

As of December 2023, our Urban Investment Group had $0.93 billion 
of debt assets outstanding from 102 transactions and $4.1 billion 
of equity assets outstanding from 244 transactions. See our Urban 
Investment Group’s website for further information. 

Please also refer to our programs 10,000 Small Businesses, which 
provides entrepreneurs in the US and UK access to education, capital 
and business support services, and 10,000 Women, a global initiative 
providing women entrepreneurs with a business and management 
education, mentoring and networking, and access to capital. 

Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Credit 
Analysis 

Number of participants in financial 
literacy initiatives for unbanked, 
underbanked or underserved 
customers 

FN-CB-240a.4 

Please refer to our One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, 
which is dedicated to equipping sole proprietors with the tools 
necessary to turn their business potential into business growth. 

Commercial and industrial credit 
exposure, by industry 

FN-CB-410a.1 

Credit Exposure from firmwide Corporate Loans and Lending 
Commitments by Industry: 

Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social, and governance (ESG) factors 
in credit analysis 

(1) Number and (2) value of loans 
by segment: (a) personal, (b) small 
business and (c) corporate 

Consumer & Retail 

Diversified Industrials 

Financial Institutions 

Funds 

Healthcare 

Natural Resources & Utilities 

Real Estate 

Technology, Media & Telecom. 

Other (incl. Special Purpose Vehicles) 

12% 

20% 

9% 

3% 

10% 

16% 

7% 

21% 

2% 

Please see page 113 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

FN-CB-410a.2 

Environmental Policy Framework (updated in 2019) 

Please see page 7 of our 2023 TCFD Report, which outlines the 
integration of climate risk into our risk program. 

FN-CB-410a.2 

The table below presents firmwide information by loan type: 

Corporate 

Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate 

Securities-Based 

Other Collateralized 

Installment 

Credit Cards 

Other 

$35.9B 

$26.0B 

$25.4B 

$14.6B 

$62.2B 

$3.3B 

$19.4B 

$1.6B 

Please see page 168 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

78 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
05 | Metrics and Targets 

Thematic Index for Our Existing 
Sustainability Disclosures 
Goldman Sachs has been providing voluntary sustainability-related disclosures for the better 
part of two decades, beginning with our first Environmental Report in 2006. We have since 
advanced our voluntary disclosures to meet the growing set of investor expectations, beginning 
with our first SASB disclosure in 2019, and our inaugural Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures in 2020. As investor expectations for voluntary sustainability disclosures continue to 
evolve, this year we provide a thematic index below that maps disclosures from this report as 
well as other existing disclosures to the four core content areas of interest to investors, including 
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets. 

As the sustainability reporting landscape continues to change, we plan to continue providing 
transparency and comparability of decision-useful sustainability-related information to 
our investors. 

Core Content Areas for Investors 

2023 Sustainability Report Content Areas 

Other Existing Disclosures 

Governance 

•	 Governance (pages 59–61) 

•	 Public Responsibilities Committee 

•	 Risk Committee 

Strategy 

•	 Our Sustainable Finance Strategy (pages 9–13) 

•	 Form 10-K (pages 7–8) 

Shareholders (pages 8–30) 

•	 Goldman Sachs 2023 TCFD Report (pages 9–12) 

•	 Proxy Statement for 2024 Annual Meeting of 
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

•	 Our Sustainable Finance Framework (page 14) 

•	 Thematic Opportunities With Clients and Partners 

(pages 16–57) 

•	 Proxy Statement for 2024 Annual Meeting of 
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Shareholders (pages 32–34) 

Risk Management 

Metrics and Targets 

•	 Risk Management (pages 62–63) 

•	 Goldman Sachs 2023 TCFD Report (pages 35–42) 

•	 Progress Toward Our Firmwide $750 Billion 

•	 Goldman Sachs 2023 TCFD Report (pages 43–51) 

Sustainable Finance Commitment (pages 15, 66–67) 

•	 Progress Toward Our 2030 Sectoral Targets (page 68) 

•	 Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain 

Commitments (pages 69–73) 

•	 SASB Metrics (page 74–78) 

79 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Sustainability 
Issuance Report 
2023 

 
 
 
Contents 

82 

Introduction 

84  Sustainability Issuance Framework 

87  Sustainability Issuances 

92  Featured Investments 

95  Report of Independent Accountants 

81 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 01 

Introduction 

82 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT01 | Introduction 

Over the past two decades, sustainable finance has become increasingly important to our 
firm’s business strategy of creating long-term value for our clients, our firm and our shareholders. 
As part of this strategy, we announced our firmwide 10-year, $750 billion sustainable finance 
commitment in 2019 to support client demand for sustainable finance solutions across our 
financing, investing and advisory work with clients. 

We’ve continued to advance our commitment to enhance and expand sustainable finance 
expertise across our business segments, and launched our inaugural Sustainability Bond and 
Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework in 2021. This year, we are providing an update 
on our comprehensive 2023 sustainability issuances. 

Our strategy is organized around two sustainability themes — Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth. Through these two key 
themes and nine underlying sub-themes, we expect to facilitate the greatest impact through our commercial work with clients 
and strategic partners. Our Sustainability Bonds and Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework are aligned with these 
same themes. The framework expands upon our firmwide commercial model of facilitating capital movement and supporting 
innovation that encourages progress on climate transition and inclusive growth, and it builds upon years of experience designing 
and helping clients issue Green, Social, and Sustainability financial products. 

As an advisor, financier, and investor, we leverage the full range of our expertise and services as we look to help our clients 
develop innovative sustainability solutions. From supporting sustainable infrastructure projects to investing in companies helping 
to power critical innovation in clean energy and in underserved communities, we continue to remain focused on our ability to 
help deploy capital. With a keen eye toward achieving a more sustainable future, we seek to help create a thriving future for our 
clients, our firm and our communities. 

Overview of Sub-Themes 

Climate Transition 

Inclusive Growth 

Clean Energy 
Enable renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and grid services. 

Sustainable Transport 
Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles, connected services, 
autonomous driving, and public transportation development. 

Sustainable Food and Agriculture 
Enable green agricultural production, storage, processing, and 
distribution to feed the world. 

Waste and Materials 
Promote sustainable production and consumption, along with 
responsible waste management. 

Ecosystem Services 
Contribute to the sustainable management of natural resources and 
monetize the value of forests, water, and biodiversity. 

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare 
Enable the use of digital technology, advanced devices, and diagnostics 
for better outcomes. 

Financial Inclusion 
Advance financial inclusion for all, including underserved populations, 
by promoting access to capital, financial technology, and products 
that increase access, support financial health, and drive more equitable 
economic growth. 

Accessible and Affordable Education 
Enable greater access to education, improve learning outcomes, and 
help close opportunity gaps for learners of all ages. 

Communities 
Enable infrastructure development, affordable housing, and livelihood 
advancement. 

83 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 02 

Sustainability 
Issuance 
Framework 

84 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 
 
02 | Sustainability Issuance Framework 

Governance 

Reporting 

As a baseline, all projects and assets under consideration for 
financing must meet the standards set by our environmental and 
social risk management procedures, including the Goldman Sachs 
Environmental Policy Framework, which provides guidance on 
financing in certain environmentally and socially sensitive sectors. 
The firm’s risk management covers broader risk factors such as 
potential legal and regulatory risks. 

The Sustainable Asset Working Group consists of senior cross-
divisional stakeholders from the Sustainable Finance Group, Investor 
Relations, Corporate Treasury, Legal, Controllers, Compliance, and 
relevant business teams. This group reviews and confirms eligible 
projects and assets for funding with proceeds from Green, Social 
or Sustainability issuances. It also serves as an internal control 
group to help ensure accuracy and accountability for our firmwide 
$750 billion sustainable finance commitment. 

Proceeds from our Green, Social, or Sustainability issuances are 
used to finance new projects or assets that meet the criteria of the 
respective type of issuance, and we aim to allocate all proceeds 
within two years following the issuance. Additionally, loans and 
investments made up to one year prior to the issuance that qualify 
under the relevant criteria are also eligible for refinancing with 
its proceeds. 

For further information on eligibility and exclusion criteria for 
our Green, Social, and Sustainability issuances, please refer to our 
Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework. 

For our sustainability-related commitments, we are committed 
to measuring and providing transparency on our progress. 
Annual updates on the allocation of the proceeds under the 
Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework will include 
details on the expected and realized qualitative — and, where 
possible — quantitative environmental and social impacts. 
Reports will continue to be published on our website annually 
until the proceeds of all outstanding sustainable instruments 
are fully allocated to eligible assets. 

External Assurance 

Goldman Sachs engaged an independent accountant to provide 
external assurance on the total net proceeds of $537,181,760, the 
total gross issuance amount of $543,286,810, and the total allocated 
funds of $578,259,084. The Report of Independent Accountants is 
included herein. 

The total allocated funds of approximately $578 million exceed both the gross issuance size of approximately $543 million and the 
gross issuance size net of underwriting fees of approximately $537 million to ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated. 

85 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
|02   Sustainability Issuance Framework 

By the Numbers 
Progress Related to 2023 Issuances 

2023 Allocation of Funds by Region 

2023 Allocation of Funds by Impact Theme 

KPI Reporting³ 

8 

sustainability issuances

 ~$543M 

of sustainability issuances4 

Clean Energy 

Communities 

Communities 

 ~1M MWh 

of annual targeted renewable 
fuel capacity in development5 

 ~10,700 

affordable housing units built 
or rehabilitated6,7 

 ~$200M 

of small/midsized businesses 
loan funding8 

1	 EMEA represents Europe, Middle East and Africa. 
2	 The total allocated funds of approximately $578 million exceed both the gross issuance size of approximately $543 million and the gross issuance size net of underwriting fees 

of approximately $537 million to ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated. 

3	 Key performance indicators (KPIs), as provided directly by the relevant companies, represent aggregate metrics across the newly allocated investments and loans where data was available and singular 

metrics where aggregation was not possible or practicable. KPIs are provided where possible based on information access depending on deal structure as well as confidentiality considerations. 

4	 Represents gross issuance size. Issuance size net of underwriting fees results in net proceeds of approximately $537 million. 
5	 Represents a projection for the expected amount of energy to be produced (MWh). “MWh  represents megawatt-hours. 
6	 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income. 
7	 Represents the number of affordable housing units that Goldman Sachs provided financing for the construction and/or rehabilitation of and may still be under development. 
8	 Small/midsized businesses are defined as businesses having approximately between five and 25 employees. 

”

For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework. 

The distribution of impact themes, regional footprint, and supporting KPIs are dependent on investment activity in the given year(s) from which on-balance-sheet investments are selected for 
allocation toward the issuance. Therefore, these attributes may change meaningfully from year to year. 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 

86 

GeographyAmount ($M)Americas$563EMEA1$15Total2$578Impact ThemeAmount ($M)Communities$563Clean Energy$5Sustainable Transport$10Total$578	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 03 

Sustainability 
Issuances 

87 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 
03 | Sustainability Issuances 

Sustainability Issuances¹,² 
Throughout 2023, Goldman Sachs issued the equivalent of approximately $543 million 
of sustainability issuances, with proceeds fully allocated to new investments and loans. 

Eligible categories are based on our nine key impact themes that are the foundation to 
our overarching 10-year, $750 billion sustainable finance commitment. 

Total Breakdown 

Over the course of 2023, and as of December 31, 2023, Goldman Sachs has issued the equivalent of $543,286,810 
in sustainability issuances ($537,181,760 net of underwriting fees). 

Funding Allocation 

Issuance Date 

Currency 

Issuance Size 

Issuance Size 
USD Equivalence³ 

Maturity Date 

ISIN 

Jan 6, 2023 

Mar 14, 2023 

May 5, 2023 

May 26, 2023 

Jul 27, 2023 

Aug 22, 2023 

Oct 9, 2023 

Nov 8, 2023 

Total Gross Issuance 

Total of Net Proceeds 

EUR 

EUR 

EUR 

EUR 

EUR 

MXN 

EUR 

EUR 

150,000,000 

$159,000,000 

Jun 10, 2033 

FR001400DM05 

1,483,000 

$1,586,810 

Apr 21, 2031 

XS2423171904 

220,000,000 

$242,000,000 

Aug 10, 2028 

FR001400G529 

50,000,000 

30,000,000 

$53,500,000 

Oct 6, 2033 

FR1459AB0027 

$33,000,000 

Nov 7, 2033 

FR1459AB0084 

200,000,000 

$12,000,000 

Aug 13, 2030 

XS2671188840 

30,000,000 

10,000,000 

$31,500,000 

Dec 28, 2033 

FR1459AB1439 

$10,700,000 

Oct 16, 2026 

XS2692315133 

$543,286,810 

$537,181,760 

1	 All $ figures on the remaining pages of this section are in millions unless otherwise noted. 
2	 To ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated, the total amount of investments and loans allocated funding exceeds the total amount raised through each issuance. $543,286,810 represents gross issuance 

size. Gross issuance size net of underwriting fees is $537,181,760; however, proceeds have been allocated by the firm to investments and loans based on gross issuance size. 

3	 USD equivalent amount uses spot foreign exchange rate on issuance date. 

88 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Sustainability Issuances 

First Sustainability Issuance 

On January 6, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €150 million ($159 million) 10NC4 autocallable notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $164.6 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$164.6 

$164.6 

Second Sustainability Issuance 

On March 14, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €1.5 million ($1.6 million) 8yr1m capped participation certificates. 
Funding has been allocated to $8.7 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$8.7 

$8.7 

EMEA 

EMEA 

Total 

$164.6 

$164.6 

Total 

$8.7 

$8.7 

Third Sustainability Issuance 

On May 5, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €220 million ($242 million) 5yr phoenix coupon notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $242.3 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Sustainable Transport 
Related to: 

•	 Manufacturer of electric vehicle technology 

Clean Energy 
Related to: 

•	 Biomethane plants in Europe 

Total 

Americas 

$227.3 

EMEA 

Total 

$227.3 

$10.1 

$10.1 

$4.9 

$4.9 

$227.3 

$15.0 

$242.3 

1	 “Affordable housing” is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income. 

89 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Sustainability Issuances 

Fourth Sustainability Issuance 

On May 26, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €50 million ($53.5 million) 10NC1yr autocallable notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $69.2 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$69.2 

$69.2 

Fifth Sustainability Issuance 

On July 27, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €30 million ($33 million) 10NC2yr autocallable notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $33.2 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$33.2 

$33.2 

Sixth Sustainability Issuance 

On August 22, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued Mex$200 million ($12 million) 7yr fixed rate notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $17.3 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$17.3 

$17.3 

EMEA 

EMEA 

EMEA 

1	 “Affordable housing” is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income. 

Total 

$69.2 

$69.2 

Total 

$33.2 

$33.2 

Total 

$17.3 

$17.3 

90 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
03 | Sustainability Issuances 

Seventh Sustainability Issuance 

On October 9, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €30 million ($31.5 million) 10.25NC1yr memory phoenix autocallable notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $31.8 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

•	 Small/midsized businesses loan funding² 

Total 

Americas 

$31.8 

$31.8 

Eighth Sustainability Issuance 

On November 8, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued €10 million ($10.7 million) 3yr forward bond to maturity note. 
Funding has been allocated to $11.2 million of eligible investments and loans. 

Impact Theme 

Communities 
Related to: 
•	 Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed-use developments¹ 

Total 

Americas 

$11.2 

$11.2 

EMEA 

EMEA 

1	 “Affordable housing” is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income. 
2	 “Small/midsized businesses” are defined as businesses having approximately between five and 25 employees. 

Total 

$31.8 

$31.8 

Total 

$11.2 

$11.2 

91 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
SECTION 04 

Featured 
Investments 

92 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 
04 | Featured Investments 

1
1
1

Climate Transition
At Goldman Sachs, we are committed to aligning our business with a net zero by 2050
pathway, and we seek to drive decarbonization in the real economy in partnership with
our clients and companies that we invest in. Preventing negative impacts of climate change
will require capital, innovation, and coordination across both the public and private sector
as businesses across regions and sectors seek to implement low-carbon solutions — 
and communities everywhere adapt to an increasingly warming world.

CASE STUDY

Verdalia Bioenergy

Expanding European Biomethane Capacity

Goldman Sachs invested in Verdalia Bioenergy, which was established in 2023, as a new
business focused on developing, acquiring, building, and operating biomethane plants across
Europe with the aim of deploying at least €1 billion by the end of 2026. The company has a
portfolio of development-stage biomethane projects in Spain with a total capacity of ~1 TWh/
year (equivalent to ~3.4 million MMBtu),¹ with a strong pipeline of incremental opportunities.
In addition, Verdalia has also expanded into Italy as a second country.

As part of the ongoing transformation of the global energy supply, alternative fuels such
as biomethane — a negative or low-carbon natural gas produced through the anaerobic
digestion of organic waste — can serve an important role. Biomethane is particularly relevant
for Europe’s decarbonization and energy security plans, given it provides the benefits of
fossil fuel natural gas with lower-lifecycle carbon emissions, while being produced domestically
and leveraging the large gas infrastructure already in place. The environmental benefits of
biomethane are also amplified, as it prevents methane emissions that could otherwise be
released into the atmosphere from the decomposition of organic waste.

CASE STUDY

Rimac Group

Building Efficient Batteries for Performance EVs

The Rimac Group manages the European Rimac companies that provide premium and
luxury technology solutions in the mobility and energy sector. The Rimac Group owns
100% of Rimac Technology, which is a majority shareholder of the hypercar manufacturer
Bugatti Rimac, and is invested in P3 Mobility. Rimac Technology is focused on the development
and manufacturing of high-performance mobility battery systems, eAxles, and electrical
control units that push boundaries in efficiency and performance for EVs, as well as battery
energy storage systems. In cooperation with premium original equipment manufacturers,
such as BMW, Rimac Technology is embarking on the next stage of development by delivering
larger volumes of advanced battery systems. Our investment in Rimac Group centers on the
secular tailwinds related to the mega-trend of EV adoption in Europe, coupled with a sizable,
higher-margin market in the supply of critical components to premium and high-performance
passenger vehicles. 

1	 “TWh” represents terawatt-hours and “Btu” represents British thermal units. 

93 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
04 | Featured Investments 

1
1
1

Inclusive Growth 
We recognize that growth must be inclusive to be sustainable. As with the complexity 
of a transition to a low-carbon economy, the inclusive growth challenge is far from simple 
and cannot be solved by a single financial institution. Our approach combines over two 
decades of experience investing in underserved communities, on-the-ground knowledge 
from connecting with and listening to diverse communities, and partnerships to help 
drive solutions that can improve affordability, access and quality of life. 

CASE STUDY 

NOWAccount® 

Helping Small Businesses Manage Short-Term Liquidity 

Goldman Sachs provided, as part of our One Million Black Women¹ initiative, a $200 million 
loan facility to Now, an innovative payment solutions business that helps small B2B 
companies get paid immediately via their NowAccount® , so they can increase cash flow 
while eliminating the risk of late payments and nonpayment of invoices. Through this 
investment, Now aims to accelerate invoice payments to help small and often underresourced 
businesses such as Black women–owned businesses optimize their short-term liquidity needs 
so they can grow sustainably. 

Now has formed strategic partnerships with organizations — including Initiative for a 
Competitive Inner City, Georgia Minority Supplier Development Council, Black Directory and 
Culture Genesis, among others — to increase its reach among Black women entrepreneurs. 

CASE STUDY 

Clarkson Estates 

Meeting Community Needs in Brooklyn, New York 

In December 2023, CAMBA Housing Ventures, a New York City–based affordable and 
supportive housing developer, broke ground on a 328-unit affordable housing development 
in Prospect Lefferts Gardens in Brooklyn. The development includes 29,000 square feet 
of community facility space to host programming focused on economic development, 
including workforce training and childcare. The project was made possible by financing from 
Goldman Sachs, CAMBA, CREA, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, the New York State 
Division of Homes and Community Renewal, and the New York State Office of Temporary and 
​
Disability Assistance. 

​

​

​

​

​

​

In early 2023, Goldman Sachs committed $219.5 million as part of our One Million Black Women 
initiative to finance the project, which will set aside half of its units to house formerly homeless 
populations. The project is also part of New York State’s Vital Brooklyn Initiative, a statewide 
program that aims to provide a holistic approach to community development for underserved 
communities in central Brooklyn. 

1	 Goldman Sachs One Million Black Women is a $10 billion investment strategy designed to help narrow opportunity gaps facing Black women across education, healthcare, housing and more.

94 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
 
SECTION 05 

Report of 
Independent 
Accountants 

95 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT 
05 | Report of Independent Accountants 

pwc 

96 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT        PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Ave, New York, NY T: 646-471-3000, www.pwc.com/us  Report of Independent Accountants  To the Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.   We have examined the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. that the total net proceeds of $537,181,760, from the total gross issuance of $543,286,810, consisting of the net proceeds from: (i)  the January 2023 EUR 150.0 million ($159.0 million) autocallable notes due 2033;  (ii)  the March 2023 EUR 1.5 million ($1.6 million) capped participation certificates due 2031;  (iii)  the May 2023 EUR 220.0 million ($242.0 million) phoenix coupon notes due 2028;  (iv) the May 2023 EUR 50.0 million ($53.5 million) autocallable notes due 2033;  (v)  the July 2023 EUR 30.0 million ($33.0 million) autocallable notes due 2033;   (vi)  the August 2023 MXN 200.0 million ($12.0 million) fixed rate notes due 2030; (vii) the October 2023 EUR 30.0 million ($31.5 million) memory phoenix autocallable notes due 2033; and (viii) the November 2023 EUR 10.0 million ($10.7 million) forward bond to maturity note due 2026,  were used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments made and loans entered into in relation to eligible green and social projects to which there were total allocated funds of $578,259,084 during the period from within one year prior to each issuance through December 31, 2023, based on the assessment criteria described in the Section of this Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 entitled Sustainability Issuances. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s management is responsible for its assertion. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management’s assertion based on our examination.  Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s assertion. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of management’s assertion, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.  Only the total net proceeds of $537,181,760, total gross issuance of $543,286,810, total allocated funds of $578,259,084 and the related criteria described in the Section of this Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 entitled Sustainability Issuances is part of the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and our examination engagement. The other information in the Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 and Goldman Sachs 2023 Sustainability Report has not been subjected to the procedures applied in our examination engagement, and accordingly, we make no comment as to its completeness and accuracy and do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on such information.   In our opinion, management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects.    New York, New York April 26, 2024   Disclaimer 

This document has been prepared by Goldman Sachs and is not a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research. This document, 
which has not been externally audited/assured except where otherwise indicated, does not assess the merits of trading in any of the securities 
or loans of the companies named herein and should not be relied on as a basis for any such transaction or for any other investment decision. 
This document does not constitute an offer to sell the securities or loans of the companies named herein or a solicitation of proxies or votes 
and should not be construed as consisting of investment advice. This material is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or 
as a source of any specific investment recommendations. Goldman Sachs is not providing any financial, economic, legal, accounting, or tax 
advice or recommendations. All investments involve risk, and past results do not guarantee future returns. Goldman Sachs encourages you 
to consult with your advisors on whether environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing is appropriate with your holistic investment 
strategy before investing. Neither Goldman Sachs nor any of its affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the statements or any information contained in this document and any liability therefore (including in respect 
of direct, indirect, or consequential loss or damage) is expressly disclaimed. 

This document, including any case studies that may be part of it, is not intended to make representations as to the environmental and 
sustainability initiatives of any third parties, whether named herein or otherwise, which may involve information and events that are beyond 
Goldman Sachs’ control. Case study examples are provided for illustrative purposes only and in limited instances do not fall within scope of 
Goldman Sachs’ $750 billion Sustainable Finance Commitment. Local rules on which projects, activities or investments may be considered to 
be “sustainable,” “green,” “ESG,” or similar terms vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and this document does not make any representation 
or warranty as to the accuracy of such descriptions and is subject to any specific disclosures that may be made in relation to any given 
project, activity, or investment at the point of sale where applicable. This document has been prepared using data and methodologies that 
are subject to certain limitations, including ongoing developments in: (a) applicable laws and regulations; (b) techniques and standards for 
measuring and analyzing relevant data; (c) judgments, estimations and assumptions; and (d) availability of relevant data. This material does 
not purport to contain a comprehensive overview of Goldman Sachs products and offerings and may differ from the views and opinions 
of other departments or businesses of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates. The use of third-party logos is purely for informational purposes. 
No affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by or for any third-party trademark owner is hereby expressed or implied. Stock images were 
included for illustrative purposes and are not owned by or featuring the company that is the subject of every case study. 

No reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this document shall be deemed to form part of this report. No representation 
or warranty is made by Goldman Sachs as to the quality, completeness, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement 
of information obtained from outside sources. Sources of third-party information referred to herein retain all rights with respect to such 
information and use of such information by Goldman Sachs herein shall not be deemed to grant a license to any third party. Should you click 
a hyperlink contained in this document directing you to an external third-party website that Goldman Sachs does not own or operate, you 
acknowledge and agree that Goldman Sachs is not responsible for the products, services, or content provided on that site and you must refer 
to that external website’s terms, privacy and security policies for details. 

Goldman Sachs has included in this document statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements 
are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only Goldman Sachs’ beliefs regarding future events, many 
of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside Goldman Sachs’ control. These statements are not guarantees of future results 
or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are often 
beyond Goldman Sachs’ control. These statements relate to, among other things, Goldman Sachs’ goals, targets, aspirations and objectives, 
and include the use of projections in connection with aggregated key performance indicator (KPI) metrics provided by third parties, and 
actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements, including 
KPI projections. Factors that could cause Goldman Sachs’ results to differ from the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, 
global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, technological innovations, scientific developments, increased availability of 
relevant data, climate-related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, and other unforeseen events or conditions. 
For more information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” in Part 1, Item 1 of Goldman Sachs’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 (2023 10-K) and in subsequent Goldman Sachs reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
In addition, important factors that generally affect Goldman Sachs’ business and operations can be found under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A 
of our 2023 10-K, and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. This document may contain statements based on hypothetical or severely 
adverse scenarios and assumptions. These hypothetical scenarios may not occur, and actual events may be significantly different from these 
hypothetical scenarios. These statements should not be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk. 

Goldman Sachs’ approach to the disclosures included in this document differs from Goldman Sachs’ approach to the disclosures included 
in its mandatory regulatory reports, including its filings with the SEC. This document is intended to provide information from a different 
perspective and in more detail than that required to be included in other regulatory reports, including our filings with the SEC. 

© 2024 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. 

97 

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Letter From Our Chairman and CEO We have long been committed to addressing critical environmental issues, beginning in 2005 with our inaugural Environmental Policy Framework where we were one of the first financial institutions to recognize the scale and urgency of the challenges posed by climate change.

We have always acknowledged that navigating climate transition would be complex and that as a financial institution, our central focus should remain on how we can deliver sustainability solutions for our clients and grow commercial capabilities to support them.

The challenges facing climate transition are multifaceted: Our economy is heavily dependent upon a well functioning energy system.

Today more than 80% of our global energy needs come from fossil fuels.

That coupled with the backdrop of rising energy demand and geopolitical conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East has underscored the need for affordable and reliable energy.

In addition, higher levels of inflation have been headwinds to decarbonization as input costs have increased and supply chains are more complicated to navigate.

And the impact of emerging technology remains to be seen, with some sources indicating that electricity consumption from data centers, generative AI, and cryptocurrencies could double by 2026 compared with 2022 levels.

Scrutiny of sustainability commitments, divergence in client preferences, and regulatory approaches to climate change across jurisdictions have also evolved.

Our clients include pension plans and retirement funds, large and small businesses, investors, and governments across various sectors and geographies and with a diversity of investment strategies and business models.

Regulatory regimes are also evolving across jurisdictions with different scopes and timelines.

In 2025, we will be one of the first US banks to file a global firmwide sustainability report under the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive.

This new requirement is expansive in scope, covering not only our financial exposure but also our environmental and social impact, and we are investing in our data management, measurement, and reporting capabilities to prepare for this shift in the regulatory landscape.

Despite all of these external forces and evolutions, central to our focus on the effects from climate change as well as decarbonization has always been our commercial capabilities and the insights that we can provide to our clients to help them invest in opportunities and manage risk.

First, we will continue to finance and advise our clients in the energy sector, and we will also invest in innovative decarbonization technologies that can accelerate the transition.

Second, we recognize that there is a gap between global climate ambition and the reality of where our energy system is today, and this gap will not be closed just by private sector voluntary commitments.

Government has always and will continue to play a critical role in setting policy, providing incentives, easing implementation challenges, and balancing energy security and economic growth objectives with long term climate ambition.

There is no question that policy has a big impact on our clients’ decarbonization goals and our ability to support them.

Lastly, the most meaningful role we can play in climate transition is developing the solutions our clients need to deliver on their decarbonization goals for their businesses.

We will continue to finance and advise our clients in the energy sector, and we will also invest in innovative decarbonization technologies that can accelerate the transition.

This includes a long term net zero financing commitment and three related interim goals where we see opportunities to support our clients’ decarbonization strategies in the Energy, Power, and Auto Manufacturing sectors.

In addition, we set a 750 billion sustainable finance target by 2030, and we are approximately 75% of the way there after just four years.

We are committed to continuing to invest in our capabilities so we can expand the range of sustainable finance solutions we can provide, and later this year, we plan to provide an update on our net zero sectoral targets.

Beyond our business, we continue to build partnerships globally to address market gaps.

In 2023, we completed allocating 25 million in philanthropic capital to the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, a blended finance facility we created with Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Asian Development Bank.

Launched in 2021, the fund has catalyzed approximately 500 million in private and public capital to support seven climate solution projects in South and Southeast Asia.

In the US, our partnerships continue to promote sustainable economic growth through entrepreneurship.

In 2023, we expanded our work supporting small businesses with the launch of 10,000 Small Businesses Investment in Rural Communities, our 100 million commitment to bring our flagship business education program to 20 rural states over the next five years.

We also have extended our One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, an education initiative to help Black women solopreneurs grow their businesses.

More than 600 Black women from 40 states have participated so far.

There’s plenty of work ahead, and we’re ready for the challenge.

By supporting our clients and working with our partners, we will continue to execute our sustainability strategy and create long term value for our shareholders.

At Goldman Sachs, we aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial institution, united by our shared values of partnership, client service, integrity, and excellence.

These core shared values have guided us over the years and have helped us develop our client centric sustainability strategy, focused on helping our clients achieve their objectives.

In this section, we provide an overview of Goldman Sachs, our sustainable finance strategy and our sustainability dedicated client facing teams and capabilities we bring to clients, and progress toward our 750 billion sustainable finance target.

About Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals.

We operate two primary businesses: Global Banking Markets and Asset Wealth Management.

Global Banking Markets (GBM) provides financing, advisory services, risk distribution, and hedging for our institutional and corporate clients.

GBM includes our Investment Banking, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC), and Equities activities.

Asset Wealth Management (AWM) provides investment services to help clients preserve and grow financial assets and achieve their financial goals.

We manage assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income, and private markets.

Goldman Sachs Alternatives activities, which are typically longer term, include investments in private equity, private credit, real estate, and infrastructure assets.

Within Private Wealth Management (PWM), we provide tailored wealth advisory services to clients.

We aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial institution, united by our shared values of partnership, client service, integrity, and excellence.

Historical Sustainability Milestones at Goldman Sachs Building on decades of experience from our commercial approach to sustainability, we anticipate the rapidly changing needs of our clients to develop and deliver new sustainable finance services and solutions that help them deliver on their most important sustainability priorities.

Our Long Standing Commitment to Sustainability We have been helping our clients and partners achieve their sustainability objectives for more than two decades, beginning with the launch of our Urban Investment Group in 2001 and our partnership with the Wildlife Conservation Society to form Karukinka Natural Park in 2004.

In 2005, we became one of the first US banks to develop an Environmental Policy Framework.

Over time, we have grown our sustainability related expertise within our business segments and scaled our suite of sustainable finance capabilities and solutions to meet the growing demand from our clients.

All to date figures are as of December 31, 2023, unless otherwise specified.

Impact capital is defined by GIIN’s definition of impact, namely: Impact investments are investments made with the intention to generate positive, measurable social and environmental impact alongside a financial return in private markets.

PEI Media ranks Goldman Sachs as the world’s third largest manager of private markets impact capital in the latest New Private Markets impact 50.

Paywalled, source: New Private Markets: Impact 50: The scale up of impact continues, June 2023.

Our Sustainable Finance Strategy As a leading global financial institution with sustainability expertise across our organization, we are supporting 750 billion in sustainable investing, financing, and advisory activities by 2030, leveraging our commercial capabilities and solutions to help our clients achieve their sustainability goals.

As an investment bank, asset manager, corporate issuer, and risk manager, Goldman Sachs is uniquely positioned to help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives from companies, institutional investors, and governments to individuals each with their own distinct set of sustainability priorities.

The three levers of our client focused sustainable finance strategy help us drive long term value for our shareholders.

Our sustainability strategy is centered on how we help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives.

We have developed and continue to refine our firmwide One Goldman Sachs commercial model that leverages the full depth and breadth of our franchise, with the goal of bringing the best of Goldman Sachs and our sustainable finance capabilities to our clients.

We provide our people with the tools, resources, and support they need to enhance the value of our firm by serving our clients.

We also leverage these capabilities to protect value through managing our own global footprint.

By tending to our operations and supply chain, we strive to lead through action to advance sustainable business outcomes over the long term.

We also aim to actively manage climate and other environmental and social related risks, while preparing for upcoming sustainability related regulation.

When we and our clients identify gaps in the marketplace, we seek to address them by leveraging our existing capabilities and those of our strategic partners.

Our external partnerships and strategic philanthropy support our work to develop innovative solutions to help our clients.

The lessons we learn further inform the development and execution of our sustainable finance capabilities and the solutions we bring to our clients and to markets.

As an example, we see policy shifts that are beginning to incentivize investment in critical minerals and battery production at scale, and we have identified opportunities in the marketplace to bring together the public and private sectors to support initiatives including blended finance we work closely with our clients and strategic partners to help address these gaps.

We continue to integrate sustainability related expertise into our primary businesses and across the firm.

Our growing suite of sustainable finance services and solutions, delivered through our One Goldman Sachs commercial model, allows us to bring clients the best of Goldman Sachs to help them achieve their sustainability goals.

Incorporation of climate and inclusive growth considerations across certain funds, as well as products dedicated to those themes.

Development of dedicated internally managed, comingled, and custom options spanning both public and private markets.

Extensive range of external open architecture public and private investment options through Imprint.

Our firm serves a wide range of clients, each with its own distinct set of preferences and objectives.

Our One Goldman Sachs operating ethos helps us deliver the best of our firm’s sustainable finance expertise, insights, and capabilities to our clients to help them advance their strategic priorities.

Each gas, when combusted, has a different warming impact on the atmosphere, otherwise known as Global Warming Potential (GWP).

In our metrics, we use CO2 equivalents (CO2e) to capture the contributions of all GHGs in our physical emissions intensities.

Our primary businesses deliver our firm’s sustainable finance strategy to clients.

Below are sustainability dedicated client facing groups that are leading the delivery of our sustainable finance capabilities to clients from all sectors of the real economy across both public and private markets.

Our Global Banking Markets franchise provides sustainability related financing, advisory services, and risk management.

Within GBM, there are several key groups that contribute to our sustainable finance initiatives.

The Sustainable Banking Group (SBG) specializes in delivering bespoke analytics, advice, commercialization, and capital solutions for clients focused on energy transition, on advancing their decarbonization goals and sustainability profiles, the circular economy, and on nature.

These capabilities include traditional debt and equity finance, blended finance, structured finance, and M A advisory.

The Commodities Sustainable Solutions team helps drive our climate objectives across commodities markets by providing principal financing and trading solutions in areas such as clean power and carbon markets as they work with our clients to help them achieve their net zero climate transition objectives.

Our Asset Wealth Management business provides clients breadth via sustainability related capabilities, across public and private markets, proprietary and third party products, portfolio strategy and implementation, and depth, including specialist sustainability teams and strategies.

AM Sustainable Client Solutions is a dedicated sales and distribution team within AWM that mobilizes the full range of insights, advisory services, and investment solutions for our clients.

Public Markets Investing has certain investment teams and capabilities as well as support roles that may focus on climate transition and inclusive growth, from research and data to investment teams and stewardship.

Within Public Markets, the Sustainable Investing and Innovation Platform acts as a central resource for Sustainable Investing (SI) and provides enhanced SI tooling, data, and research capabilities.

Goldman Sachs Alternatives also has teams specializing in sustainable investing.

Sustainability integration is led by the Sustainability Impact team, which specializes in operationalizing and scaling sustainability capabilities across the investing sleeves.

The Sustainable Investing Group specializes in investing across the climate transition and inclusive growth thematics, partnering with clients through a series of Goldman Sachs Horizon strategies.

We continue to leverage complementary strengths of our existing investing teams to launch new sustainability related strategies in line with many of our clients’ preferences.

For example, in March 2023, we launched a Global Impact Corporate Bond strategy and a USD Green Bond strategy managed by a dedicated Green, Social, and Impact bonds team that joined the firm through our acquisition of NN IP in 2022.

Further expanding on our combined strengths, we recently launched a Global Green Bond strategy that leverages our acquired expertise in green bond investing within a passive investment approach.

Our External Investing Group (XIG) is responsible for identifying, researching, and selecting leading third party investment managers.

Imprint is a dedicated team within XIG focused on thematic research, manager selection, and co investments across sustainable growth themes.

Within our Private Wealth Management (PWM) business, the Sustainable Solutions Group (SSG) advises clients on developing their sustainable investing strategy and works closely with firmwide resources to drive innovation and product offerings to help meet our clients’ sustainable and impact investing goals.

Our Global Investment Research (GIR) team is instrumental in informing and educating our clients and investors about sustainability.

Within GIR, two key research initiatives, GS SUSTAIN and Carbonomics, provide invaluable insights to inform sustainable investment decisions.

GS SUSTAIN, established in 2007, provides research and data tools to clients exploring how innovation, regulation, and implementation of sustainability topics will impact sustainable investing and broader capital flows.

Carbonomics, launched in 2019, is GIR’s flagship series dedicated to examining the economics of decarbonization and sustainable growth, providing in depth analysis of costs, incentives, and financing options for key technologies underpinning the paths to net zero carbon emissions.

In 2019, the Executive Office (EO) launched the Sustainable Finance Group (SFG) to formalize and drive the firm’s sustainability strategy and related efforts across Goldman Sachs.

In partnership with other EO teams including Office of Government Regulatory Affairs, Investor Relations, Corporate Communications, and others, SFG advances the firm’s integrated commercial approach to sustainability through central coordination of our firm’s regulatory preparedness, targets and commitments, reporting, strategic partnerships, environmental and social risk policies, and our cross segment commercial delivery strategy.

Targets and Commitments Manages sustainable finance and other business related sustainability targets and related integration strategy, including the firmwide 750 billion sustainable finance commitment and 2030 sectoral portfolios’ physical emissions intensity targets.

Sustainability Reporting Leads strategy and execution of flagship firmwide voluntary sustainability reporting, and advises on sustainability and climate focused reports developed by the firm’s businesses and regional groups.

Cross Segment Strategy Coordinates strategic firmwide commercial opportunities, subject to existing firm policies, procedures and controls.

Regulatory Preparedness Provides sustainability related expertise to help inform the firm’s approach to regulatory sustainability reporting implementation.

Environmental and Social Risk Oversees the firmwide EPF and global transaction guidance to protect the firm s reputation ’ by navigating sustainability risks that may be associated with commercial opportunities.

Strategic Partnerships Identifies and delivers external partnerships that enable Goldman Sachs to support our work to develop innovative solutions to help our clients.

The lessons we learn further inform the development and execution of our sustainable finance capabilities and the solutions we bring to our clients and to markets.

Other internal functional groups supporting the firm’s sustainability strategy include Controllers, Risk, Sustainable Operations and ESG Beacon, among others.

Please see the Protecting the Value of Our Firm section for more information on these groups.

Our Sustainable Finance Framework and Sustainable Finance Commitment In 2019, we launched our Sustainable Finance Framework and announced our firmwide 10 year, 750 billion sustainable finance commitment to support client demand for sustainable finance solutions across our financing, investing, and advisory work with clients.

Designed to support our sustainable finance strategy, our Sustainable Finance Framework is organized around two sustainability themes we expect to facilitate the greatest impact through our commercial work with clients and strategic partners Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth.

The five sub themes within Climate Transition and four sub themes within Inclusive Growth help us prioritize how we continue to develop and refine our sustainable finance capabilities to meet both current and future client demand.

Clean Energy Enable renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and grid services.

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare Enable the use of digital technology, advanced devices, and diagnostics for better outcomes.

Sustainable Transport Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles, connected services, autonomous driving, and public transportation development.

Sustainable Food and Agriculture Enable green agricultural production, storage, processing, and distribution to feed the world.

Waste and Materials Promote sustainable production and consumption, along with responsible waste management.

Ecosystem Services Contribute to the sustainable management of natural resources and monetize the value of forests, water, and biodiversity.

Financial Inclusion Advance financial inclusion for all, including underserved populations, by promoting access to capital, financial technology, and products that increase access, support financial health, and drive more equitable economic growth.

Accessible and Affordable Education Enable greater access to education, improve learning outcomes, and help close opportunity gaps for learners of all ages.

Communities Enable infrastructure development, affordable housing, and livelihood advancement.

Since setting our 10 year goal, we’ve achieved approximately 555 billion in commercial activity, including 302 billion in Climate Transition, 74 billion in Inclusive Growth, and the remainder in multiple themes.

This progress demonstrates our ability to capture client demand by directing capital toward solutions that help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives.

For more information on contribution by business segment and sub theme, please see the Metrics and Targets section.

Goldman Sachs Alternatives co led the 1 billion Series D funding round to support Redwood Materials, a leading lithium ion battery materials manufacturer, in its effort to develop and localize the US’ battery supply chain for electric vehicles and energy storage.

Goldman Sachs acted as Joint Global Coordinator and Joint Physical Bookrunner on Amara NZero’s 270 million Green Senior Secured Notes.

Amara is a global leading distributor of products and services used in the energy transition, directly contributing to worldwide decarbonization efforts.

This was one of the first high yield green bonds with proceeds used for acquisition financing, aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.

Amara published a Green Bond Framework with a Second Party Opinion.

Goldman Sachs Alternatives invested in Grow Therapy, a leading behavioral health provider enablement platform striving to create a more accessible healthcare industry by allowing mental health professionals to find patients, conduct virtual or in person visits, and bill and collect payments.

Goldman Sachs’ Higher Education team served as lead Dealer Manager for The Ohio State University on an innovative liability management transaction targeting 600 million of outstanding debt.

The transaction was part of a larger bond financing that raised 300 million of proceeds for a new in patient hospital facility at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center.

In the next section of this report, we share how we are helping our clients capture opportunities and address market gaps to help them achieve their sustainability goals.

Our clients continue to seek markets expertise, access to capital, and innovative sustainable finance solutions to support their decarbonization and sustainable growth strategies.

Through our recent work with clients in all sectors of the real economy across public and private markets, we share six thematic opportunities in today’s marketplace.

At Goldman Sachs, data informs our decision making, from how we manage our firm to how we help our clients deliver on their sustainability ambitions.

As an investment bank, asset manager, corporate issuer, and risk manager, we seek to use measurement approaches and analytical tools to improve our identification and management of risks and opportunities.

Not only is data a fundamental component of regulatory preparedness, it also enables our tracking and reporting on progress toward our existing targets and commitments and bringing differentiated insights to our clients.

Today’s sustainability data landscape is complex and developing.

Reliability of this data remains a key challenge for many companies and investors to execute their sustainability strategies.

While the data landscape continues to evolve, significant challenges remain, particularly the availability, consistency, and comparability of decision useful data.

The proliferation of fragmented sustainability disclosure requirements across jurisdictions creates further complexity as well as the potential for higher compliance costs, driven by new operational processes, reporting, and related controls associated with this data.

As we continue our effort to comply with existing and forthcoming regional sustainability reporting requirements focused on financial materiality, e.g., United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority’s Taskforce on Climate Related Financial Disclosures, we also are preparing for the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) that mandates the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), which requires both financial and impact related disclosures.

As we assess the data landscape in preparation for our mandatory firmwide sustainability reporting in 2025, we continue our work with today’s data to develop both commercial and risk management tools and solutions to help our clients and firm improve decision making capabilities.

Our Centralized Sustainability Data Hub We strive to provide our clients and businesses with the most accurate and decision useful data available, leveraging our in house proprietary solutions and external resources.

We provide our clients with tools to help them consistently and effectively evaluate their climate performance and progress, identify opportunities, and allocate capital to meet their objectives.

Goldman Sachs has a long history of data engineering for example, our Securities Database platform was launched in 1993 to blend quantitative finance, engineering, and technology.

In 2013, Goldman Sachs started to make this available to institutional clients via Marquee, our digital platform for institutional and corporate clients.

Our platforms continue to evolve with the development of open source, cloud native, and AI innovation, but our core tenants remain collecting the highest quality data and fostering the innovation of best metrics to help build trust.

Continuing our pursuit of innovative tools and solutions, we launched ESG Beacon in 2021, creating a centralized sustainability data hub.

A partnership between SFG and our engineering teams, this data hub continues to develop solutions to improve decision making, and manage risk and regulatory change, while delivering unique insights to our businesses and clients.

ESG Beacon builds on the firmwide data platform, known as Legend, ensuring integration and connectivity to other firmwide data.

ESG Beacon provides a dedicated team to source, model, and deliver sustainability data, acting as a utility to businesses across the firm.

ESG Beacon’s approach is to design and curate data models clear names and definitions of the data elements and rules of how they link together across topics.

Supporting strong data governance, it provides tools to help users translate between different models, track lineage back to authoritative sources, and compare multiple primary sources ultimately forming a common data language to enable data integrity and connectivity to support our businesses and clients.

Since its launch, ESG Beacon has enabled more effective and efficient sharing and validation of underlying corporate emissions and investments data to evaluate climate related risks and opportunities, monitor progress on public sustainability commitments, and prepare for the evolving sustainability reporting landscape.

Leveraging Data to Support a Range of Investors We have clients across all sectors, including hard to abate sectors.

As a result, measuring carbon emissions is an important tool for managing and monitoring climate risk.

By establishing a baseline footprint, or estimate of the emissions associated with an entity’s activities, investors and managers can make more informed decisions about their strategic plans and set realistic goals for reductions.

Within our AWM business, we support private portfolio companies as they seek to measure and manage their carbon footprint.

In 2023, we began emissions inventorying our Goldman Sachs Alternatives portfolio at scale, developing a program and tools to help portfolio companies begin calculating their carbon footprint, from measurement through the first steps of decarbonization.

Through a negotiated agreement with a GHG Accounting service provider, Goldman Sachs Alternatives offers to work with participating portfolio companies to conduct activity based emissions accounting across Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as to estimate Scope 3 emissions.

Our offering includes an inventory planning exercise co developed by Goldman Sachs Alternatives that was completed in 2023, alongside recommendations on data improvements that can enhance the quality and usability of their GHG footprints.

Based on footprint results, our provider also shares bespoke, high level decarbonization recommendations with portfolio companies, allowing them to consider the best next steps to decarbonize their businesses.

Companies can also choose to engage with the provider on net zero planning, upstream Scope 3 analysis, and decarbonization planning through enhanced SaaS offerings.

In 2023, 29 companies participated in this program, and our work allowed us to help accelerate pilots to bring activity based emissions information from diligence into a detailed decarbonization analysis and planning exercise.

Their data was also used in fund level decarbonization opportunity assessment and planning exercises to enhance our efforts and impact.

We continue to expand coverage across our portfolio and identify learnings from our work to date, including strategies to help improve portfolio company data quality, enhance data validation and controls, and provide more actionable information to companies and asset managers.

Our clients rely on a wide range of data to support their sustainable investing decisions, from asset allocation to investment selection and impact measurement.

As sustainability investing matures and becomes more data driven, there is rising focus to quantify impact whether environmental or social.

Impact metrics such as avoided emissions can support sectors that play a critical role in emissions outside of traditional pure play green sectors.

Marquee MarketView allows institutional clients to gain visual insights from the data tools provided by GS SUSTAIN.

To capture this client demand, PWM utilizes its bespoke ESG Portfolio Diagnostic tool, which provides metrics to improve transparency on environmental and social issues in public market portfolios for clients.

In GBM, we have expanded our Marquee offering to include Marquee MarketView, an innovative visual analytics dashboarding solution designed to streamline our institutional clients’ investment processes.

Providing an ecosystem of visual insights developed by Goldman Sachs thought leaders, the tool helps answer important questions in global markets all through a single, unified platform.

GIR’s GS SUSTAIN suite of sustainability metrics can be visualized in Marquee MarketView.

In addition, Marquee’s portfolio analytics help clients analyze their portfolios’ climate performance using metrics from GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition Tool.

To meet our clients’ needs to better understand transition risks and opportunities, GIR’s GS SUSTAIN in 2022 developed the Climate Transition Tool, which combines existing climate related disclosures with GS SUSTAIN proprietary Climate Transition metrics, where applicable, to quantify the transparency of a company’s climate transition plan and its decarbonization performance.

In Q4 2023, Marquee incorporated GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition Tool metrics, allowing GBM clients to analyze their portfolios’ climate performance.

The Climate Transition Tool utilizes 20 metrics and covers more than 7,000 public companies across 50 sectors, including 3,200 in the Americas, 2,600 in APAC, and 1,200 in EMEA.

The Transition Plan Transparency framework is an absolute assessment of companies’ disclosures across metrics that demonstrate whether a company has a transition strategy in place (e.g., targets) and how integrated the strategy is with the broader business strategy (e.g., Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures support, assurance of disclosures).

The Transition Performance framework is a sector relative assessment, factoring in changes in the carbon emissions profile of a company and green business mix exposures (e.g., green revenue and green CapEx), incorporating GIR research analysts’ forward looking estimates where applicable.

Investors are looking to understand technologies and companies throughout the supply chain that are catalysts for returns enhancing innovation and sustainable improvement, driving our research and analytics to be more forward looking and focused on critical metrics underlying opportunity, risk, and performance.

To support our clients in managing risks and capturing opportunities for certain strategies, we have developed our own internal sustainability assessment methodology to quantify key sustainability metrics to enable comparability across public markets investments, as described below on the left.

Separately, investors need high quality, interoperable data to support their investment processes.

As we expect data quality to improve over time, investors need to invest capital today.

Open source data can help address this gap, and we share how we are supporting open source climate tools with the Linux Foundation below on the right.

In April 2024, Asset Management Public Markets Investing rolled out an internal sustainability measurement toolkit for its teams that seek to integrate ESG factors or considerations in their investment process.

The toolkit aims to enhance existing internally developed scorecards and tooling by incorporating data and promoting collaboration among our Public Markets Investing teams on sustainability issues.

The development process focused on identifying financially material ESG issues for public companies.

Based on this principle, as well as on existing AWM frameworks and industry standards, Public Markets Investing built this toolkit predicated on 14 key issue areas rolling up to six themes and three sub scores (E, S, and G).

Recognizing that ESG considerations vary by industry, an internal proprietary materiality map was created to determine the relevant ESG issues for each industry based on input from the investment teams.

The materiality map seeks to rank the importance of each issue.

The issue assessments are designed to quantify each of the 14 ESG issues for each company in the universe.

These quantitative results are then aggregated with the materiality map into one quantitative ESG measure.

Finally, where applicable, public equity and credit analysts may use the toolkit to inform their overall view, including their ESG rating.

Goldman Sachs supports open source tools and analytics that our clients and others can use to advance solutions to data challenges through our participation in various industry groups.

For example, Open Source Climate (OS Climate) an umbrella project of the Linux Foundation using open source best practices was launched with the aim of building a non profit, transparently governed public utility of climate related data and analytics to rapidly scale investment in the climate transition.

Since becoming OS Climate’s founding US bank member in 2021, we have supported the non profit’s work to develop an open source data platform and net zero alignment tools that can be used across industries.

Through our membership in the Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS) a fellow project of the Linux Foundation Goldman Sachs has contributed to the open source design of sustainability reporting tools to help increase data transparency, accuracy, and efficiency, and support higher levels of audit assurance.

In November 2023, Goldman Sachs hosted a daylong Hackathon, where more than 60 professionals from more than 15 firms, including non profits, data vendors, financial services, lineage platforms, consultants, and auditors, participated.

We joined in testing climate data’s journey from collection to aggregation to digital reporting, and plan to continue contributing to open source solutions that help address some of today’s common data challenges.

The toolkit was designed to cover corporate public equities and fixed income securities, but is subject to data availability and subject to change at any time.

Exploring GenAI to Support Our Clients and Our Reporting In 2023, our firm began exploring how Generative AI (GenAI) could help advance data sourcing, verification, and analytics by automatically structuring and summarizing large volumes of unstructured data to meet varied and emerging mandatory sustainability reporting requirements and help deliver on our clients’ needs.

Having high quality and up to date data is crucial for providing high quality solutions to our clients, stakeholders, and regulators.

However, challenges persist in the sustainability related data space due to limited company reporting, among other factors.

Moreover, disclosures of companies in certain geographic regions, including Asia, are not published in English, increasing the complexity of the exercise.

The current manual process is resource intensive, limiting the depth of analysis and relying on readily available metrics rather than harder to identify, more comprehensive data.

Going forward, GenAI could help to address some of these challenges by automating data discovery and analytics, offering a front to back framework that can be deployed across the entire organization, subject to implementation of appropriate controls, to ensure potential risks are suitably assessed and managed.

In this context, GenAI could help to dynamically collect and structure unstructured data based on user defined terms and be capable of processing data in any language.

We look forward to continuing to identify ways to advance our GenAI efforts to enhance the value we bring to clients and support our own reporting.

Our data engineers work every day to enable Goldman Sachs to be a data driven organization.

As we explore emerging technologies like GenAI, our focus is on how to reduce noise by curating quality data that can help clients with their sustainability goals.

Combining private capital with public funds is critical to catalyzing investment in transition finance and meeting the investment requirements for mitigation and adaptation financing, estimated at 3 6 trillion per year through 2050.

Since 2015, Goldman Sachs has been working with clients to help develop innovative blended finance structures to attract commercial capital toward projects that contribute to sustainable development.

We continue to work with our clients to help increase financing for solutions through the development of innovative sustainable financing structures.

Below is an excerpt of a recent discussion on the role of public private partnerships and related financing structures with Kara Succoso Mangone and John Greenwood.

Kara: Private investors will often shy away from certain projects or markets because of specific risks that cannot be well managed, particularly in developing economies.

There are several traditional finance related challenges that public private partnerships can help overcome.

For example, by blending different sources of capital with discrete financial return objectives, this approach can crowd in additional pools of capital for development projects in emerging markets that might not have been available otherwise.

In addition, blended finance transactions can serve as a demonstration of commercial viability and financial sustainability of projects, which can help scale up additional investments and a broader range of stakeholders to engage in future projects with similar risk profiles.

John: We’ve seen public and philanthropic investors provide capital on below market terms within the capital structure to lower the overall cost of capital or provide an additional layer of protection to private investors.

Other times, development banks can help provide credit enhancements through guarantees or insurance.

One of the compelling benefits of blended finance is that it can be used at different stages of a project, from providing a bridge for early stage front end engineering and design and permitting, to projects that have reached final investment decision that require catalytic capital to fill return profile gaps and crowd in additional funds.

In addition, it can also be used by low carbon companies in need of concessionary capital to help scale their technologies or solutions.

Q: In 2021, the firm launched the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, in partnership with Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Asian Development Bank.

Kara: The Asian Development Bank recently estimated 700B of investment per annum is required through 2050 to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement.

Addressing market gaps like this with strategic partners is a core feature of our firm’s sustainable finance strategy.

Complementing our structuring and financing capabilities and expertise with the Asian Development Bank’s on the ground experience and relationships in emerging Asian economies and Bloomberg Philanthropies’ expertise in market data, we launched the Climate Innovation and Development Fund to help increase the pace, scale, and ambition of climate solutions that can contribute to the clean energy transition.

Managed by the Asian Development Bank and seeded with grant capital from Goldman Sachs Gives and Bloomberg Philanthropies, the fund leveraged a unique blended finance facility structure featuring various finance mechanisms to mobilize capital through the targeted use of concessional financing, e.g., capital expenditure buy down grants, performance or milestone based grants, and liquidity reserves.

These financing mechanisms were blended with ADB’s own lending, investment, and financing mobilized from other investors.

With the closing of the fund’s seventh and final investment, we’re encouraged by the concessional capital that helped unlock 500 million in private sector and government investments across seven projects, each aimed at helping accelerate technologies and markets for a low carbon future.

Q: Public private partnership has been helpful to mobilize capital for climate transition technologies and solutions in emerging markets.

John: Protecting, preserving, and restoring nature and its ecosystems is inextricably connected with global efforts to mitigate the impacts, and adapt to the consequences of, a changing climate.

We have already seen some examples of how public private partnership can support natural ecosystems.

In 2022, for example, we helped an island country in the Caribbean issue debt guaranteed by a development bank to enable the country to advance and protect its blue economy by strengthening its resilience through improved climate risk management in coastal and offshore areas, promoting better management of marine resources, and reducing marine pollution.

We also see new, emerging opportunities to help sovereign clients with innovative financing structures.

For example, debt for nature swaps are a new, innovative tool that incentivizes sovereigns, especially developing economies, to protect, preserve, or restore their natural ecosystems in exchange for reducing their debt burden.

Debt for nature swaps can be used to support our sovereign clients in advancing their financial, natural capital, and climate related goals.

Blending Funds to Unlock Additional Capital The public sector is increasingly seeking innovative financial structures and private sector resources to protect consumers from volatile energy prices and promote economic growth.

Blending public and private funds can increase the pool of resources available for development projects and consumer aid.

In 2022, the Chilean government regulated energy price increases for residential households and small companies, and created a new security, known as Client Transitory Protection Mechanism (MPC) backed by the Chilean sovereign.

These MPC certificates are managed by the treasury to compensate power generation companies that receive below market rates due to the law.

Under this new structure, micro and small businesses are protected from large price increases, while power generation companies can continue to invest in infrastructure and provide reliable services to their customers.

IDB Invest, the private sector financing arm of the Inter American Development Bank, sought to raise money to purchase MPC certificates and compensate the power generation companies.

As Sole Global Coordinator, Sole Placement Agent, and Joint Bookrunner, Goldman Sachs led a 1.1 billion senior secured financing to purchase MPC certificates levering the IDB’s preferred creditor status.

Moreover, the issuance and the broader program offered the participating power generation companies liquidity by allowing them to monetize their receivables and supported the government’s goal of avoiding rises in electricity prices to the most vulnerable end consumers.

This capital will help support the health of the Chilean electricity sector, which has seen solar production rise by more than 1,000% since 2015.

Utilizing public and private funds to diversify energy sources through blended finance can improve the stability of energy prices, while helping to ensure reliability and emissions reductions.

Russia’s invasion of Ukraine had created significant volatility in European energy markets, resulting in diversification of energy providers.

As part of this diversification, Czech hydropower operator ENERGO PRO sought to expand operations and invest in new assets in Europe.

To facilitate this diversification, Goldman Sachs acted as Sole Global Coordinator and Bookrunner for ENERGO PRO’s issuance of 300 million Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Notes in July 2023.

The issuance also benefited from a 545 million unconditional and irrevocable credit guarantee provided by the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation ( DFC and the DFC Guaranty ) this enabled the issuance to achieve a Moody’s rating of Aa1 (significantly higher than their BBB corporate rating), allowing ENERGO PRO to secure long term financing at significant interest rate savings during a period of prolonged volatility and regain access to international capital markets.

ENERGO PRO is a leading electricity distribution and renewable generation company in the Black Sea region with more than 2.5 million grid customers and 10.5 TWh of distributed electricity, and 34 operating hydropower plants with an installed capacity of 749 MW.

This transaction allowed ENERGO PRO to scale its production capabilities and will successfully enable the diversification of energy sources in Eastern Europe helping to create less reliance on Russian exported oil and gas and was the DFC’s first guarantee for a bond issuance in Europe and first guaranty under the European Energy Security and Diversification Act.

Supporting Public Policy With Private Investment In 2015, Goldman Sachs Asset Management acquired the assets of Imprint Capital Advisors, one of the largest ESG and impact investors in the industry, and formed External Investing Group (XIG) Imprint.

XIG Imprint is dedicated to sourcing, driving due diligence on, and investing in, impact managers across asset classes and impact themes.

XIG Imprint’s investment strategies leverage its rigorous manager selection, portfolio construction, risk management, and impact investing expertise.

Core to this strategy is the identification of opportunities from policy support or incentives.

In the European market, there are private investment funds dedicated to infrastructure assets, while the German government has introduced subsidy regimes that support renewables.

Following increased investor interest in climate transition investment opportunities, XIG Imprint invested in NeXtWind for a PWM client.

NeXtWind is a German onshore wind repowering firm that is taking advantage of streamlined permitting and increasing subsidy levels from the German government.

In August 2023, XIG Imprint provided a 15 million investment alongside Sandbrook Capital into NeXtWind.

Founded in 2020, NeXtWind has acquired multiple operating onshore wind projects and bought an interest in a greenfield development.

By capitalizing on new, efficient wind turbine technology, NeXtWind plans to double existing portfolio power generation.

Additional value creation is expected through opportunistic greenfield acquisitions.

Alongside the core German repowering strategy, NeXtWind also plans to expand into other adjacent strategies such as solar and battery co location, leveraging management team and Sandbrook Capital experience.

The portfolio risk management process includes an effort to monitor and manage risk but does not imply low risk.

Catalyzing Funding for Specific Regional Needs Despite growth in recent years, global climate finance has not yet reached the scale necessary to meet the estimated transition requirements.

In 2021 2022, average climate finance flows reached nearly 1.3 trillion nearly double 2019 2020 levels, but well below the estimated need.

The gap is particularly acute in parts of Asia, where local economies remain heavily dependent on public sector financing and where clean energy investment is still in its early stages.

To help drive more capital into the region to facilitate the energy transition, Goldman Sachs and Bloomberg Philanthropies partnered to seed and launch the Climate Innovation and Development Fund (CIDF) in 2021, in partnership with the Asian Development Bank.

In 2021, we announced the launch of the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, a blended finance facility designed to support sustainable low carbon economic development with a focus on South and Southeast Asia to increase the pace, scale, and ambition of climate solutions and contribute to the clean energy transition.

Managed by the Asian Development Bank and seeded with concessional capital from Goldman Sachs and Bloomberg Philanthropies, the CIDF invested across seven projects throughout 2022 and 2023.

Through the CIDF, we demonstrated that blended finance can serve as a mechanism to increase funding and be a powerful tool to help drive sustainable development.

Combining different sources of capital enabled CIDF to mobilize significantly more funding for social and infrastructure projects.

Strategic partnerships bring added value via pooled experience and expertise.

Blending funds unlocked significant additional capital more than 20x the initial investment on average.

Blended finance aids in proving the concept for innovative technologies and commercial viability.

Rigorous project selection helps address the challenges of prioritizing which opportunities to pursue.

Innovative finance mechanisms improve commercial viability.

Tailoring funds to specific regions can maximize impact.

In this chapter, we demonstrate how we leverage our firm’s community development capital to support our communities across the areas of affordable housing, entrepreneurship, and business education.

In addition, we share how we invest clients’ assets in private markets for innovative education solutions and in public markets for sustainable development.

Investing Our Own Capital in Our Communities Our investment strategy in communities is informed by research to identify areas of acute need and highest potential impact.

In addition to research, listening and responding to community needs is core to our approach.

Whether it is expanding 10,000 Small Businesses into rural states, or launching One Million Black Women: Black in Business to serve solopreneurs, our goal is to direct our expertise and investments into high impact opportunities.

Academic institutions, Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), and other local partners play a critical role in the successful execution of our investments and programs, and we are invested in the capacity and resilience of these organizations.

Driving economic growth and opportunity in communities where we work and live continues to be our North Star.

We approach our community investing with the same rigor and intensity as our broader client franchise, with a focus on helping deliver measurable impact in the near and long term.

When surveying rural small businesses across the United States, only 7% believe they receive a fair amount of private sector resources.

Further, 68% of rural businesses report challenges in attracting workers to live in their communities, compared with 46% in non rural communities.

In recognition of these challenges faced by rural entrepreneurs, we announced 10,000 Small Businesses Investment in Rural Communities, a 100 million commitment to provide business education and access to capital to 20 states in the next five years.

To help support more businesses throughout the rural US, we launched a 100 million Investment in Rural Communities in September 2023 through our existing 10,000 Small Businesses (10KSB) program.

This investment will provide comprehensive support to rural and small business owners and includes 75 million in lending capital to CDFIs, 15 million to fund the 10,000 Small Businesses education program at local community colleges, and 10 million in access to capital capacity building grants.

The initiative plans to reach over 800 rural small business owners across 20 states over the next five years, contributing to job creation and economic growth.

As part of the 75 million commitment to CDFIs, in October we announced the first lending commitment of 20 million to the CDFI Hope Enterprise Corporation based in Jackson, Mississippi, to help support a broader group of eight smaller CDFIs located throughout the South providing small business loans and technical assistance in rural communities.

Through this initiative, rural entrepreneurs will be integrated into a national network of small business owners, creating new channels of access for business leaders who would otherwise not have the opportunity to engage.

Both programs build on our 10KSB program that launched in 2009, which has helped entrepreneurs grow their businesses with results oriented business training, access to capital, and personalized support services.

In the US, more than 14,500 small business owners have graduated from the program, employing over 280,000 people and driving more than 25 billion in annual revenue.

Lee Porter is the owner of Ozark Green Roofs in Fayetteville, Arkansas.

Her admission to 10,000 Small Businesses came at a pivotal time in her company’s growth having recently acquired two significant contracts to put green roofs on JB Hunt Transportation Headquarters and the Alice L. Walton School of Medicine.

Lee is utilizing the 10KSB curriculum and network to pivot into a growth period, building off her five years of business success, with aspirations to be the defining resource for green roofs in the state of Arkansas.

Largely due to lower earnings and limited access to capital, Black Americans are much less likely to own high return assets, including their own businesses.

Only 0.5% of single Black women own a business, a rate that is 24 times lower than for single white men.

Our Black Womenomics research shows that addressing the earnings gap for Black women could create up to 1.7 million US jobs and raise the level of annual US GDP by 1.4% 2.1% per year.

Informed by these findings, Goldman Sachs launched One Million Black Women: Black in Business, an education program focused on Black women solopreneurs, providing them with tools and business education they need to grow their business, with the aim of bringing job and wealth creation to their communities.

The One Million Black Women: Black in Business (BIB) initiative is a 10 week education program that covers topics core to business growth, including goal setting, business processes, understanding your customer, identifying opportunities for growth, business financials, and mastering the business pitch.

This philanthropic program has now graduated more than 600 Black women solopreneurs from across 40 states, including Washington, D.C.

In 2024, Black in Business aims to enroll another 450 solopreneurs and partner with New York University Stern School of Business as the national academic partner to deliver the curriculum through its award winning faculty.

By expanding the national network of small business owners, BIB alumni will continue to grow their access to business knowledge and support.

Subena is CEO and founder of EHS Transformation Consultants, an occupational health and safety consulting firm that specializes in transforming unsafe workplaces into industry benchmarks.

An Air Force veteran, Subena took the leap into entrepreneurship in 2021 using her 401(k) to seed her business.

After graduating from the One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, Subena gained confidence, increased her revenue, and extended her client roster to include a Fortune 500 ranked company, major academic institution, and national baked goods producer.

Marsha is owner of R E Brokerages of America, which offers real estate, property management, commercial facility management, and relocation services.

She founded the company in 2021, leveraging her 20 years of real estate experience.

Upon entering the One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, Marsha set a goal to scale her business and hire her first employee.

After completing the program, Marsha expanded her team and brought on new employees, attributing her business growth to the program’s impact, contributing to greater job creation in Virginia.

Housing affordability is a major obstacle to growth for advanced economies and is especially acute in the United States.

Almost half of American households that rent are cost burdened, defined as spending more than 30% of their gross income on rent, while nearly a quarter of American homeowners are also classified as cost burdened.

Housing affordability does not just impact the individual lives of those struggling to make ends meet it also has a direct consequence on the broader economy.

Without access to affordable housing, families have fewer opportunities to increase their earnings, creating an estimated 2 trillion annual drag on US GDP growth from lower wages and productivity.

Addressing the housing affordability gap, including the lack of financing for low income housing, can enhance opportunities across our communities.

There is a demonstrated need for more housing stock to be developed, and yet Minority Business Enterprises (MBEs) face challenges securing financing for property development due to stringent net worth and liquidity requirements from traditional lenders.

To connect MBEs to much needed capital, we launched the Minority Business Enterprise Developers Guaranty Facility in New York City this past year.

Asahi Pompey, Global Head of Corporate Engagement, speaks at the launch event at City Hall in New York City to announce the 50 million guaranty facility.

To help facilitate MBE developer financing, Goldman Sachs worked closely with the New York City Housing Development Corporation (HDC) and New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) to develop an innovative financing structure providing support for affordable housing projects sponsored by minority developers certified as MBEs. Goldman Sachs will offer up to 25 million from GSAM to establish a guaranty facility ( the Facility ), matched with 25 million from the city, to provide a supplemental backstop for construction projects and reduce the access to capital gap for qualified MBE developers, allowing them to obtain construction financing for which they might not otherwise qualify.

Leveraging HPD’s pipeline of development opportunities, the Facility will be utilized to support affordable housing projects in New York City, with commitments originated over a five year investment period.

At least 10 affordable housing projects sponsored by growing MBE developers are expected to benefit from the Facility, removing one of the major barriers to entry for these businesses and enabling MBE developers to succeed by scaling their operations and building a track record as affordable housing developers.

In addition to addressing financing gaps for new housing, Goldman Sachs is also helping support the preservation of existing affordable housing.

The Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC), created in 1986, provides tax credits to private developers who agree to keep rents at specified percentages of Area Median Income (AMI).

From 1987 to 2009, approximately 2.2 million units were developed through LIHTC, representing nearly one third of all new multifamily rental housing.

After 15 30 years, the affordability requirements expire, and rents typically revert to market rate.

By providing competitive financing contingent on continued affordability, investors and financial intermediaries can help maintain housing affordability in existing LIHTC properties and prevent turnover and resulting instability in affordable housing driven by rent increases.

In April 2023, Goldman Sachs financed the acquisition and preservation of the Project Horizon portfolio, consisting of 10,474 majority affordable housing units across 90 properties in Texas, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky, and New York.

Primarily composed of former LIHTC units affordable to households earning up to 60% of AMI, the acquisition will help preserve affordability in the units, which risked being converted to market rate units upon the expiration of the original LIHTC restrictions.

The average rent across the portfolio is below 1,000 per unit, and the portfolio houses more than 30,000 residents, including those in major cities such as Chicago, Dallas, Milwaukee, Tampa, and Indianapolis.

The acquisition will help preserve affordability across over 10,000 units of former LIHTC projects that could otherwise be at risk of being converted to market upon expiration of land use restrictions put in place at the time of original LIHTC financial closings.

By providing 454 million JV equity to the partnership, Goldman Sachs was able to help support the preservation of high quality affordable housing options for local communities around the country.

Investing in Private Sector Solutions for Our Clients With increasing interest and activity in sustainable and impact investing, our clients are seeking ways to enhance alignment of their investments with their respective sustainability or impact objectives.

Through our open architecture platform, our AWM client franchise provides clients with a holistic suite of solutions across public and private markets, enabling us to invest our clients’ assets to meet their discrete sustainable and impact investing objectives with the same rigor and risk return standards of our traditional investment management capabilities.

We are investing in segments of the economy, including the education sector, among others, that are undergoing significant disruption.

Our investments are a great example of how private capital can help scale innovative business models to provide needed solutions in a creative way.

Low reading proficiency has historically been an important issue in K 12 education.

Funding gaps between affluent and underresourced students, estimated at nearly 2,700 per student in districts with more minority students, persist in the American educational system, resulting in a compounding negative impact in our communities.

The COVID 19 pandemic has also resulted in unprecedented learning loss, with National Assessment of Education Progress scores pointing to a multi decade low in reading proficiency levels across the board, while in 17 states students are more than a half of a school year delayed in learning, on average.

Recent findings reveal that 68% of US fourth graders are not proficient in reading, up from 66% in 2019.4 As a result, extensive funding at the state and federal level has been allocated to address both the achievement gaps and pandemic driven learning loss.

High dosage tutoring, defined as one on one or small group tutoring at least three times per week,5 is one of three solutions highlighted by the federal government to improve student achievement.

In addition, a shift to evidence based literacy practices known as the Science of Reading is underway nationally, with over 35 states passing relevant legislation since 2013.6 Due to shortages across resourcing and staffing, schools are expected to continue leveraging the private sector to help implement these solutions.

Through our Sustainable Investing Group’s new Inclusive Growth Strategy, we are investing in solutions to help reduce this learning loss.

Goldman Sachs recently led a Series B financing for Ignite Reading, a company providing one to one foundational reading skills tutoring based on the Science of Reading to students in K 12 schools and districts.

Founded in 2019, Ignite Reading has rapidly scaled while demonstrating strong efficacy to date.

A study conducted by American Institutes for Research of kindergarten through third graders in six school districts in Massachusetts confirmed that after 14 weeks of tutoring with Ignite Reading, the number of students who scored at or above benchmark on the DIBELS assessment grew from 11% to 45%.

These outcomes have proven consistent regardless of a student’s gender, race, ethnicity, language, socioeconomic status, or special needs.

Investors are increasingly recognizing that promoting economic opportunities in all communities is a key to durable, long term economic growth.

With inflationary pressures and sluggish economic growth disproportionately affecting lower income communities, investment in social solutions is on the rise.

Building a more sustainable global economy is central to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Many of the SDGs overlap across targets to expand access to essential goods and services.

Companies in a variety of sectors are helping to make this happen, including enablers of digital connectivity for remote communities and reduced healthcare costs.

Other promising companies are driving innovation in areas such as education and supplying more affordable homes.

Our Global Social Impact Equity strategy is designed to deliver on the sustainability preferences and goals of our clients who are seeking both financial returns and positive social outcomes.

To capitalize on this trend and drive sustainable outcomes, Goldman Sachs launched its first dedicated social impact public equity strategy in June 2023.

With approximately 1.3 billion in AUS, the strategy seeks to create positive social impact by investing in companies considered to be sustainable investments.

These companies aim to provide solutions that drive social sustainability by virtue of their alignment to key themes associated with solving social problems.

Thriving Communities: Investment in areas such as affordable housing, digital inclusion, access to clean water and sanitation, and access to clean energy.

Within these areas, we invest in companies including information technology providers and developers of water treatment and purification solutions.

Economic Empowerment: Enable people to participate in economic development by investing in education, equal job opportunities, and financial inclusion.

Within this theme, we invest in companies including providers of online and hybrid education, human resource companies, and providers, of mobile phone based financial services solutions.

Good Health and Well Being: Contribute to improving quality of life by focusing on areas such as nutritious food, active lifestyle, and accessible and innovative healthcare.

Within these areas, the strategy invests in companies including medical technology developers, healthcare insurance providers, and operators of fitness centers.

Safe Society: Help build a safe society and increase quality of life for individuals and communities.

This theme covers areas such as data privacy and security, human safety, climate change resilience, and accountable institutions.

We invest in companies including cloud security providers, safety equipment manufacturers, and environmental consulting firms.

Please note that this material includes certain information on Goldman Sachs sustainability practices and track record, at an organizational and investment team level, which may not necessarily be reflected in the representative account.

Please refer to the offering documents of any product(s) prior to investment, for details on how and the extent to which the product(s) takes ESG considerations into account on a binding or nonbinding basis.

The global economy has been powered by traditional energy sources since the Industrial Revolution and will continue to rely on traditional fuels throughout the energy transition to help ensure energy reliability and affordability as new technologies and energy sources scale to meet demand.

Transitioning to a low carbon future will require a diverse set of energy sources, requiring an estimated 4.5 trillion per annum in clean energy investment to meet Paris Agreement climate goals.

Global power generation nearly doubled in the past two decades, increasing by approximately 35% from 2010 to 2022.

According to our Carbonomics research, we predict these two trends of declining but significant fossil fuel share and increasing renewable generation to continue through 2030 due to continued growth in electricity demand.

To help address the scope and scale of the investment required, Goldman Sachs seeks to take a comprehensive approach to supporting these emerging and scaling technologies, including wind, solar, geothermal, and renewable natural gas, among others, which will play a critical role in enabling a secure, affordable energy future.

Our clients are in a dynamic stage evaluating a diverse future of energy, one of continued reliance on traditional energy sources while solutions are deployed to support broad based electrification and address areas such as renewables intermittency and AI data centers’ power demand.

As a trusted advisor, we are focused on helping our clients support existing infrastructure and bring new, innovative technologies to market at scale that will help contribute to meeting increased global energy demand needs through our differentiated suite of financing, investing, and advisory capabilities.

Expanding the Renewable Energy Rollout A key focus of our clients is supporting incremental energy needs, driven in part by the prospect of data center growth due to AI, and the rollout of renewable energy technology in developed markets, including the United States, which represented 13.5% of global emissions in 2021.

Given the size of US emissions, and likely demand increases from EV charging and data centers, it is critical to continue expanding the rollout of domestic renewable energy.

New energy technologies also represent a significant investment opportunity, with policy incentives and related multiplier effects expected to drive trillions of dollars in investments across renewable technologies, according to Goldman Sachs Carbonomics research.

In addition to renewable power generation capacity, substantial investment in transmission infrastructure, which connects generation facilities to end use customers, is needed to enable low cost wind and solar to connect to the grid.

According to the US Department of Energy (DOE), the US will need to expand transmission systems by 60% by 2030 to meet growing energy demand.

We are helping our clients drive international grid infrastructure investment, including advising Elia Group, a Belgian transmission and power generation company, on its investment in the US renewable energy market.

Elia Group ( Elia ), one of the largest electric transmission system operators in Europe, acquired (through its WindGrid subsidiary) a 35.1% stake in energyRe Giga Projects ( energyRe Giga ), a subsidiary of energyRe LLC.

The investment values energyRe Giga at 1.1 billion on a post money basis.

Elia’s 400 million investment will be deployed over three years to fund energyRe Giga’s pipeline of projects under development comprising transmission led onshore wind and solar generation, transmission lines, and offshore wind generation assets.

The investment allows Elia to enter the US market with a strong and well established strategic partner.

Elia and energyRe will be able to leverage their respective strengths by building upon complementary technical expertise and capabilities to support energy transition.

Goldman Sachs acted as sole financial advisor to Elia on this transaction.

Technological and financial innovations have brought renewable energy sources into the mainstream, resulting in more affordable energy, reduced carbon emissions, energy diversification, and job creation.

Since 2008, the price of solar modules has dropped by 85%, according to Goldman Sachs research, making solar competitive with other technologies.

As solar production expands and becomes a larger part of the global energy mix, it is critical to continue investing in new technologies.

We recently supported Nextracker on its separation from its parent company to enable greater flexibility for its future growth plans.

The company is creating solutions that optimize solar energy production efficiency using software and tracking technology that monitors the movement of the sun.

Solar comprises the largest share of new power generation capacity globally, and Nextracker is well positioned to continue driving utility scale and distributed generation solar power as the world transitions to renewable energy.

Goldman Sachs served as financial advisor on the spin off of Nextracker, Inc., a leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions used for utility scale and distributed generation solar projects globally.

Nextracker’s products enable solar panels in large scale power plants to follow the sun’s movement and optimize solar performance.

This allows more energy to be produced from a facility, accelerating the adoption of solar electricity production.

Following a 638 million US IPO in February 2023, Nextracker successfully spun off from its parent company Flex Ltd. in January 2024.

Supporting the spin off and serving as financial advisor to a leading solar technology firm is an opportunity for us to enable solutions needed for clean energy production.

Using Geothermal Power to Help Meet Electricity Demand A key component of diversifying the global energy mix is finding a new source of low carbon baseline generation to meet growing power demand.

In the United States, the DOE expects electricity demand to accelerate over the next decade, driven by new industrial facilities and data centers.

While most of this new demand is expected to be met by wind and solar power generation, there is a need for new low carbon sources of baseload generation, which can steadily produce electricity when intermittent energy sources such as wind and solar produce less power.

The DOE has identified geothermal energy as a low carbon candidate to meet this need.

Geothermal plants can produce electricity 24 7, emit no greenhouse gases, and have lifecycle emissions six to 20 times lower than natural gas.

While conventional geothermal generation requires existing geologic features to pump water underground, next generation geothermal technologies can expand production to new areas, with the potential for 90 GW of installed capacity by 2050.

Goldman Sachs client Fervo Energy is at the forefront of next generation geothermal power, and we helped support their efforts to expand geothermal production and advance geothermal technology.

Goldman Sachs acted as exclusive placement agent for Fervo Energy’s recent 244 million capital raise.

This financing will unlock Fervo’s next phase of growth, deploying proven technology adapted from the oil and gas industry at scale to deliver commercially viable 24 7 carbon free energy.

Since its last fundraise, Fervo has successfully brought its first commercial project online, establishing Fervo’s system as the most productive enhanced geothermal system (EGS) in history.

Fervo has also begun drilling at Cape Station, a 400 MW project in Beaver County, Utah.

Early drilling results show reduced drilling times and lower costs that significantly exceed Department of Energy expectations for EGS.

The fundraise will support Fervo’s continued operations at Cape Station, which will begin delivering clean electricity to the grid in 2026.

Supporting Renewable Sources of Natural Gas In addition to supporting new renewable energy technology, Goldman Sachs is also supporting our clients’ work in identifying more sustainable fuel sources for existing energy infrastructure.

Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) is naturally occurring biogas that has been refined to use in lieu of traditional natural gas.

The biogas can be sourced from landfills, municipal water recovery facilities, organic waste management facilities, and livestock farms.

Replacing conventional natural gas with RNG can reduce GHG emissions, improve air quality, provide fuel source diversification, and support a more circular economy.

Sourcing high quality inputs and reducing waste is crucial to realizing the benefits of RNG, and Goldman Sachs Alternatives has worked directly with Verdalia in Europe and Synthica in the US to advance sustainable RNG.

Synthica produces RNG derived from processing pre consumer organic waste, while Verdalia’s feedstock will primarily be agricultural and livestock waste.

Verdalia and Synthica are both working to design, build, own, and operate medium to large scale anaerobic RNG production facilities.

Both portfolio companies are working to advance clean energy and circular economy solutions.

Historically, demand for RNG has been concentrated in the transport sector, as natural gas has increasingly been used as a transportation fuel for trucks and buses.

Usage in the transportation sector has increased by 218% since 2018, driven by low carbon fuel standards.

However, demand for RNG has increased in non transportation use cases for gas utilities, corporations, and other entities seeking to reduce the carbon intensity of their operations.

Many companies in the industrial sector are seeking solutions to meet fast approaching deadlines for GHG reductions, especially companies that use natural gas for high heat and steam processes.

RNG is a viable alternative, as it can be used as a direct replacement for natural gas.

A key driver in RNG demand is government renewable portfolio standards, which are becoming more stringent, and, in many cases, recognize RNG as an acceptable renewable resource.

However, a key challenge to producing RNG is the availability of capital and high upfront costs compared with existing grid infrastructure.4 Additionally, securing offtake agreements can add to the challenges of securing financing.

By addressing these issues, financial firms can help their clients facilitate circular solutions by turning waste into new renewable energy sources.

Working with our client Carolina Renewables, Goldman Sachs provided a financing for a facility producing RNG through anaerobic digestion by using existing waste products and selling the RNG under contracts underpinned by state and other incentives, thus facilitating the expansion of RNG production in the state.

Goldman Sachs provided a 70 million loan to support the ramp up and operation of an RNG production facility in North Carolina for sponsor Carolina Renewables.

The facility utilizes various agricultural, industrial, and commercial feedstocks such as swine waste, poultry waste, and other wastes to produce RNG and provide a sustainable energy source.

This contributes to reducing greenhouse gas emissions while also promoting a circular economy by repurposing organic waste into energy.

The RNG produced by the facility will be injected into existing pipelines for delivery to Duke Energy and British Petroleum.

Currently, the feedstocks used in the facility are disposed in landfills, sprayed on open fields, or burned, releasing methane into the atmosphere.

By using these waste products as a substitution for fossil fuel based natural gas, Carolina Renewables is creating a more sustainable source of gas production and meeting local demand for alternatives to reduce their carbon footprint.

Transportation, which accounts for more than a third of global CO2 emissions, is undergoing rapid change due to the global rollout of light duty electric vehicles, while the electrification of other transportation sectors is becoming increasingly evident.

At Goldman Sachs, we are supporting our clients to help create more sustainable value chains by diversifying the sourcing of critical minerals and enhancing battery recycling, while helping to ensure that electric grids and related infrastructure are equipped to handle increased demand and improve reliability and affordability.

Taken together, our clients’ priorities are helping to transform the transportation sector across the value chain.

While clean technologies dominated by renewable power remain at the lower end of the Carbonomics cost curve, they have become relatively more expensive year over year, driven by lower gas prices, higher interest rates, and cost inflation.

At the same time, relatively more expensive technologies, such as electric vehicles and transportation, have become less expensive due to lower raw material costs and simpler battery integration.2 The chart below shows the transportation sector technologies’ carbon abatement cost reductions from 2022 to 2023.

In addition to these cost trends, we see increasing focus from corporates and consumers on solutions to improve consumption efficiency.

This is driven in part by the need for energy and land use efficiency in service of meeting broader environmental and financial goals, the continued deployment of material intensive, low carbon technologies, and anticipated supply shortfalls of critical materials over the coming decade.

Demand for critical minerals is expected to significantly increase over the next decades, which could strain supply chains and mining facilities.

Circular economy solutions offer an array of benefits, including the extension of product lifespan and the reduction of waste materials.

Across the transportation sector, we support our clients across various components of the value chain to help improve the reliability and affordability of electric and electrified solutions.

For illustrative purposes, this chart only includes the reductions in carbon abatement cost changes for transportation sector technologies.

The technologies with increased abatement costs from 2022 to 2023 that are not shown include, but are not limited to, renewable power, renewable power with energy storage, SAF, and buildings efficiency (heat pumps), among others.

Diversifying the Sourcing of Critical Minerals and Battery Component Production The adoption of electric vehicles (EVs) is rising, with EV car sales predicted to grow to 73 million units in 2040, up from around two million in 2020, according to Goldman Sachs research.

With the typical electric car requiring six times the raw material input of internal combustion vehicles, the need for critical minerals is expected to increase dramatically.

Total demand for critical minerals over the next two decades is expected to rise by 90% for lithium, 60% 70% for nickel and cobalt, and 40% for copper and other rare earth elements under a below 2 degrees C scenario.

Ensuring these materials are sustainability sourced to minimize impact to natural ecosystems and communities is essential, as alternative manufacturing methods such as recycling and reuse are crucial to reducing raw material demand and diversifying the supply chain.

Graphite is another critical mineral in high demand from battery manufacturers, composing approximately 33% of lithium ion battery cells by weight.4 Graphite manufacturing is an energy intensive process that is mainly conducted in emerging markets, where grid electricity is carbon intensive.

By developing a fully integrated source of battery anode material (a key battery material), General Motors’ investment in Nouveau Monde Graphite (NMG) is helping to create a more resilient North American supply chain for critical minerals.

Goldman Sachs acted as exclusive financial advisor to GM on its investment in NMG.

The transaction is a milestone for the industry, with GM’s investment demonstrating continued strong interest from original equipment manufacturers and battery cell manufacturers in securing local, sustainably sourced EV battery materials.

In addition, it demonstrates Goldman Sachs’ support of key investment projects transforming the transportation sector.

GM committed an aggregate equity investment of 150 million in NMG.

NMG aspires to become a strategic supplier to the world’s leading battery and automobile manufacturers, providing high performing and reliable advanced materials while promoting sustainability and supply chain traceability.

GM’s first tranche investment of 25 million will be used to support NMG’s execution plan for its Phase 2 Matawinie Mine and B cancour Battery Material Plant in Qu bec, Canada, while the second tranche investment of 125 million will support NMG developing the first fully integrated (from ore to active anode material) source of battery anode material in North America.5 Under the terms of the agreement, NMG will provide GM with 18,000 tons per annum of active anode material.

The agreement will support GM’s EV production and add to its progress in developing a more sustainable and resilient North American focused EV supply chain.

In addition to substantial raw material needs, EV battery manufacturing requires advanced engineered materials known more specifically as cathode active materials (CAM) and their precursors (pCAM).

While most of the world’s battery materials are made from mined metals, battery and automobile manufacturers are developing methods to incorporate recycled materials as part of their production process.

This includes Ascend Elements, a US based manufacturer of engineered materials.

Ascend Elements, a US based manufacturer of sustainably engineered battery materials for electric vehicles, is commercializing an efficient circular method to make sustainable battery materials using recycled inputs.

Ascend Elements’ recycled battery materials help meet the growing demand for electric vehicle batteries while reducing supply chain carbon emissions.

Goldman Sachs acted as the sole private placement agent on Ascend Elements’ recent 622 million Series D private placement round.

The funding will advance construction of Ascend Elements’ Apex 1 facility in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, which will be North America’s first pCAM and CAM manufacturing facility.

Batteries are the single most important component of an EV, representing 40% of total price, and are a key determinant of the vehicle’s range and performance.

Battery manufacturing also represents a focal point of the entire EV supply chain, where critical minerals, engineered materials, and global supply chains converge.

The manufacturing process itself requires large amounts of energy, estimated at around 50 65 kWh of electricity per kWh of battery capacity.

Currently, most lithium battery production is located in markets where more traditional sources of energy like coal are the primary energy source.

However, new battery manufacturers such as Northvolt are locating production facilities closer to their customers and using low cost renewable energy for improved economics, reduced carbon footprint, and increased use of recycled materials to meet their sustainability ambition.

Northvolt is a European supplier of sustainable, high quality lithium ion battery cells and systems.

Manufacturing with clean energy, the company’s mission is to deliver lithium ion batteries with a 90% lower carbon footprint compared with those made using conventional methods, and establish capabilities to enable 50% of all of its raw material requirements to be sourced from recycled batteries by 2030.

In 2019, Northvolt raised 1 billion from a consortium of investors co led by funds managed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Volkswagen Group.

Goldman Sachs Investment Banking acted as private placement agent in connection with two follow on equity investment rounds in 2020 and 2021, as well as the convertible note capital raise in 2022 that was further increased in 2023.

In each instance, funds managed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management participated in these financing activities.

Northvolt’s funding is supporting its expansion in Europe and North America and in executing on its mission to enable the energy transition through the development of a local, sustainable supply chain for lithium ion batteries.

Facilitating Grid Scale Battery Storage for Enhanced Energy Resiliency The rapid growth in EVs will also increase demand for consumers and businesses on electric grids, from both dedicated roadside EV chargers and home charging.

Charging an EV battery can pull as much as 150 kilowatts from the grid the equivalent of 1,500 100 watt lightbulbs in less than an hour.

At the same time, solar and wind power are forming a larger portion of electric grids, but are intermittent, creating the need for flexible power capacity to smooth market imbalances and improve grid stability.

Battery facilities that can store large amounts of renewable energy are critical to meeting this demand.

These grid scale facilities can charge up when the sun is flooding the system with power and discharge it when demand is high to improve affordability and resiliency for consumers.

Scaling up short duration storage assets, such as large scale lithium ion batteries, is critical for electric grid operators to provide reliable, low cost electricity while increasing the amount of renewable power generation on the grid.

Furthermore, with increasing grid demand from EV charging needs, data centers, and other industrial demand, project developers and grid operators are investing in battery grid storage projects.

Companies like GridStor are addressing these challenges and expanding the rollout of grid scale battery storage.

To address these electricity needs in the marketplace and capitalize on the opportunity, the Sustainable Investing Group and infrastructure investing teams established GridStor as an operating company to acquire, develop, and operate stand alone battery energy storage projects.

Such energy storage systems expect to charge electricity during hours with relatively high renewable energy supply the systems then discharge electricity during hours with low renewable energy supply, high demand, or when the grid needs instant response capacity for reliability.

The battery storage assets are expected to play a critical role in providing grid reliability and help reduce price volatility.

Since launching in April 2022, the GridStor team has grown to 36 employees, and had its first 60 MW come online in December 2023.

Finding innovative, profitable solutions in private markets that address complex climate related challenges and enable other companies, sectors, and value chains to become more sustainable themselves, presents a compelling investment opportunity for our Goldman Sachs Alternatives business to support the diverse set of our clients’ investment preferences, by leveraging the distinctive breadth of our open architecture platform, which includes both Goldman Sachs solutions and those of other specialized external managers.

The climate transition is driving a significant global build out of intermittent renewable power generation, such as wind and solar.

In turn, these accelerated shifts in the global energy mix are leading to market imbalances and the need for more flexible power capacity, as well as presenting challenges for system operators in maintaining grid stability.

In recent years, this has intensified the demand for clean power technologies such as battery energy storage systems.

To help meet these demands and challenges, the Commodities Sustainable Solutions team within the Commodities Group (part of GBM) is developing GS Pearl Street a platform to provide trading, route to market, and principal financing solutions for clean power technologies.

GS Pearl Street builds on our 20 years of experience in trading and financing in power markets, and will support owners of clean power assets and system operators as they manage the transition to renewable power generation.

As part of this innovative platform, we are offering the owners of grid scale energy storage systems a route to market solution combined with long term project financing.

The World Economic Forum estimates that 10.1 trillion in annual business value and 395 million jobs could be created by 2030 through the preservation of our ecosystems, biodiversity, and natural capital.

While preserving natural capital and protecting biodiversity is crucial to ensuring a sustainable economy, measuring its progress has its challenges.

Unlike measuring climate change with one core metric, GHG emissions, there is no one metric to capture natural capital loss and degradation.

With the final Taskforce on Nature Related Financial Disclosures recommendations published in September 2023, we continue to assess our integration of these recommendations into our business decision making and support for our clients as they seek to help preserve natural capital and protect biodiversity loss.

The world is dependent on nature and ecosystems for 44 trillion of economic output, or more than half of the world’s GDP.

There is a growing recognition that biodiversity loss and insufficient related ecosystem services present systemic risk that could impact sustainability goals, economic growth, and stability.

Managing the risks created by the decline of biodiversity and identifying the opportunities afforded by global conservation and remediation efforts requires an innovative and thoughtful approach.

Leveraging Nature Based Solutions to Help Achieve Climate and Biodiversity Goals Despite significant efforts to decarbonize, additional mitigation tools are needed to complement the move toward lower carbon sources of energy.

One such opportunity is investing in nature based solutions (NBS), which have the potential to deliver one third of the climate mitigation necessary by 2030 while simultaneously providing human well being and biodiversity benefits.

To help bridge this gap, Goldman Sachs offers clients seeking to support these goals an NBS investment strategy through XIG Imprint, our impact investing unit.

In 2021, Apple launched The Restore Fund with Imprint and Conservation International to invest in forestry projects that sequester carbon and demonstrate a viable financial model to scale forest restoration.

With a focus on reforestation projects that support forest protection, biodiversity, and water quality, and provide jobs in local communities, the investments contribute to the broader climate transition.

The Restore Fund invested alongside BTG Pactual Timberland Investment Group (TIG) in a reforestation strategy in the Cerrado region of Brazil, the biologically richest savanna in the world, which contains 11,000 plant species, half of which are endemic to the region.

TIG’s two part strategy seeks to conserve and restore native ecosystems on half of their properties, and establish commercial tree farms that produce long lived, renewable wood products, and sequester carbon on the other half.

To date, Imprint has invested in a 35,000 hectare portfolio of properties with TIG and other investors.

Biodiversity baseline assessments indicate that the portfolio supports over 297 species of animals and plants (including puma, ocelot, tapir, and orange winged parrot).

The portfolio currently supports 133 full time equivalent (FTE) jobs, an increase from nine FTE jobs prior to acquisition.

Our clients are increasingly seeking portfolios that generate financial returns and also create positive impact.

Nature based solutions can be a great investment opportunity to help these clients achieve their investment objectives.

Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 2017.

Addressing Critical Water Challenges to Improve Availability, Resiliency, and Affordability Rising costs and inefficient practices are creating water affordability issues for communities worldwide, with an estimated four billion people experiencing severe water scarcity for at least one month per year.

Addressing these basic needs will require increased financing to clean water.

Goldman Sachs Research estimates that an additional 200 billion per year is needed through 2030 to support clean water pathways.

Our work with clients in the water sector demonstrates how targeted capital can help address our nature and social challenges together.

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. was a leading provider of mission critical water and wastewater treatment solutions, offering a broad portfolio of products, services, and expertise to support industrial, municipal, and recreational customers.

The company was acquired by Xylem Inc in May 2023 in an all stock transaction reflecting a value of approximately 7.5 billion and creating one of the largest pure play water technology companies in the world.

Xylem is a leading water Equipment, Technology and Service company whose customers include utilities and engineering, procurement, and construction firms.

Its key products include water infrastructure and measurement and control solutions.

We acted as the lead financial advisor to Evoqua in its sale to Xylem, supporting the creation of a transformative platform addressing global water challenges and uniting cultures with sustainability at their core.

Facilitating Decarbonization in Hard to Abate Sectors Carbon emissions are concentrated in a handful of sectors.

The Energy, Materials, Autos, Capital Goods and Utilities sectors represent only 22% of the market, but contribute approximately 82% of total global emissions, 94% of total water consumption and 93% of total waste, highlighting the need for sound transition plans that safeguard the environment.

We are working with our clients to help them deliver on their transition strategies while considering energy security and affordability.

Circular solutions, such as capture and sequestration technology, can reduce the negative impacts of energy exploration during the transition to a low carbon economy.

In working with Milestone Environmental Services we are supporting operators to help achieve their waste and emissions reduction ambitions.

Goldman Sachs Asset Management Global Environmental Transition Equity Strategy was launched in November 2023 and is our first strategy dedicated to the transition from a carbon emissions intensive economy to one that is increasingly renewable energy based, low carbon, and environmentally friendly.

Investing across the range of high emitting sectors with the biggest impact not only on carbon emissions but also on water consumption and waste generation, the portfolio consists of predominantly high quality, mature, value oriented companies that exhibit strong free cash flow yields and potentially attractive valuations.

The five key themes the strategy focuses on are extraction, power generation, manufacturing, transportation, and consumption.

Crucial to the successful implementation of the strategy is for us to partner with the portfolio companies, identify synergies, advance sustainability practices, and focus on shareholder value creation.

Our Investment Stewardship team is critical to our process in our role as an active asset manager.

This strategy leverages Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s proprietary internal tools and systems to both qualitatively and quantitatively assess the environmental impact and transition plans of the companies in which they invest for clients.

Milestone Environmental Services, headquartered in Houston, Texas, is a leading environmental services and carbon management company and one of the largest independent energy waste sequestration companies in the United States.

Milestone operates a leading integrated network of waste management infrastructure that reduces the carbon impact of its customers by permanently sequestering hydrocarbon waste over a mile below the surface, preventing greenhouse gas emissions and water and ground contamination.

Milestone was acquired by SK Capital Partners from Amberjack Capital Partners in October 2023.

The acquisition will drive forward the continued growth of Milestone’s business, services and client base.

Goldman Sachs served as the exclusive financial advisor to Milestone on the sale to SK Capital Partners, supporting the company on its mission to offer alternative, environmentally responsible solutions to clients in the oil and gas sector aiming to meet their carbon reduction goals and advance their sustainability objectives.

Market as denoted by MSCI ACWI, as of September 2023.

We employ a comprehensive approach to safeguarding the value of our firm, integrating governance, risk management, and regulatory preparedness.

We continually evaluate and enhance our governance structures, policies, and practices, while fostering a culture where risk management is ingrained in our decision making process.

Our risk frameworks cover a range of climate, environmental and other social related risks, while our risk appetite adapts to changing market conditions.

Both governance and risk management are key to regulatory preparedness, allowing Goldman Sachs to stay positioned for growth while meeting regulatory requirements.

Governance Responsibly managing our business is paramount.

From the oversight of our Board of Directors to internal governance structures, we manage a broad spectrum of financial and nonfinancial risks across our businesses.

This includes the evaluation of sustainability related opportunities, management of climate and other sustainability related risks, and preparation of our voluntary and regulatory required sustainability disclosures.

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Board of Directors and its committees are responsible for overseeing the business and affairs of our firm, including oversight of the management of the firm’s most significant risks.

Given the interdisciplinary nature of the oversight of sustainability, including priorities of climate transition and inclusive growth, and the financial and nonfinancial risks related to these activities, the Board carries out its oversight of these matters directly, at the full Board level, as well as through its committees, including its Risk and Public Responsibilities Committees.

This may include periodic updates on the firm’s sustainability strategy and initiatives, as well as targets, progress and incentives related thereto, discussions regarding the climate models the firm utilizes to assess physical and transition risks, and reviews of our sustainability and climate related reporting.

The Risk Committee of the Board plays a central role in our Board’s oversight of firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks.

This includes the firm’s overall risk taking tolerance and risk governance, including with respect to climate risk.

As part of its oversight, the Risk Committee receives periodic updates on our climate risk management approach, including scenario analysis capabilities and integration into existing risk management processes.

The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting the firm.

As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy and reporting as well as updates on initiatives such as One Million Black Women and 10,000 Small Businesses.

The Public Responsibilities Committee also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for sustainability and climate related matters.

As applicable, boards of our subsidiary entities around the globe may provide additional oversight of sustainability matters as may be required from time to time.

Various senior management committees and groups oversee our transaction selection decisions and risk management processes.

The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) is responsible for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks, including climate related risk.

The ERC, through its oversight of the Enterprise Risk Management Framework, monitors the firm’s risk profile on both an aggregate and segment level, inclusive of key trends, top and emerging risks, and significant events that potentially affect the firm’s risk profile.

The ERC is co chaired by the chief risk officer (CRO) and chief operating officer.

The chief financial officer is vice chair, and the Committee also includes senior firm leaders, many of whom are also members of other firmwide risk committees.

Our Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee is responsible for assessing reputational risks through thematic discussions and by reviewing transactions identified as having potential heightened reputational risk, including those driven by sustainability related issues, pursuant to the criteria established by the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee and as determined by committee leadership.

In addition to senior management committees, several firmwide forums are focused on convening key senior stakeholders from across our businesses and corporate functional groups to oversee climate and other sustainability related issues.

The Sustainability Steering Group convenes key senior stakeholders, including those from the Sustainable Finance Group (SFG), Risk, Controllers, Global Banking Markets (GBM) and Asset Wealth Management (AWM).

This group provides guidance on key climate risk and opportunity decisions, including interim goal setting to achieve our long term net zero by 2050 pathway commitment.

Chaired by the firm’s CRO and head of SFG, the group reviews progress and provides feedback on climate strategy, risk management, integration and climate related capabilities more broadly.

This includes oversight of our 2030 sectoral targets in Energy, Power and Auto Manufacturing, and associated voluntary reporting.

Further, the group oversees firmwide regulatory sustainability implementation, including oversight of sustainability reporting requirements.

The Sustainable Asset Working Group (SAWG) discusses, guides, and validates sustainable client offerings and attributions at the transaction and product level, as well as applying our allocation methodology for transactions that contribute toward our firmwide 750 billion sustainable finance commitment.

This commitment is built on commercial activity that is aligned with our firm’s Sustainable Finance Framework.

SAWG also governs the firm’s Sustainability Issuance Framework and sustainability issuances.

Finally, SAWG serves as an internal control group to help ensure accuracy and accountability for our firmwide 750 billion sustainable finance commitment and consists of members from our businesses, SFG and control side personnel.

We embed sustainability responsibilities within various firmwide functional teams that support our businesses and clients.

In addition, a group of senior leaders from across the firm reviews and provides feedback prior to sustainability report disclosures.

Our Executive Office (EO) plays an integral role in setting and advancing Goldman Sachs’ corporate strategy and in preserving the firm’s distinctive culture.

The EO is responsible for safeguarding the firm’s relationship with alumni, clients, shareholders, policymakers and the broader public, while ensuring our own people remain informed about the firm’s priorities, including sustainability related priorities.

The EO also partners with the businesses to source high impact opportunities in line with the firm’s sustainability related objectives.

In addition to SFG, which leads the advancement of firmwide sustainability strategy, other EO teams supporting the firm’s sustainability strategy include the Office of Government Regulatory Affairs (OGRA), Investor Relations (IR), and the Office of Corporate Engagement (OCE).

OGRA manages relationships with regulatory and legislative bodies around the world, while also advancing a public policy agenda in support of the firm and our clients, and partners with SFG on discussions on sustainability related policy topics, where applicable.

IR works closely with senior management to shape the firm’s external engagement with equity and debt investors, research analysts, rating agencies, credit counterparties and sustainability focused stakeholders.

The team also collaborates with key internal constituents on competitive positioning, firmwide strategic initiatives, and capital and resource management.

OCE leverages our capital, people, and innovations to help address economic and societal challenges, catalyze markets, and transform communities.

Other Internal Functional Groups outside the EO include Controllers, responsible for the tracking and review of progress toward select firmwide sustainability related targets, including the 2030 sectoral targets.

This team also coordinates with SFG and various functional teams to ensure the consistency, accuracy and completeness of reporting toward these targets and other climate related disclosures.

Risk is an independent risk oversight and control function of the firm and is responsible for the effective identification, monitoring, evaluation, and management of the firm’s financial and nonfinancial risks.

At an operational level, Risk specialist teams are responsible for the development of the firm’s climate, environmental and social related risks programs, including setting and evaluating risk appetite, quantifying climate related risk and integrating that risk into business and risk management practices.

Select teams within Risk also guide environmental, health and safety standards for our investing activities and perform due diligence on proposed investment transactions to help business teams identify and mitigate potential sustainability risks.

Corporate Planning Management (CPM) unifies Finance Planning, Spend Management, Operational Risk and Resilience, and CPM Engineering teams to deliver business planning and analytics, expense management, third party risk management, sustainability initiatives for our operations and supply chain, and governance strategies across the firm.

As part of CPM, the Sustainable Operations team manages the firm’s operational and supply chain sustainability related goals, including our commitment to achieve net zero by 2030, and partners with Corporate Workplace Solutions to deliver environmentally responsible workplace solutions.

Data Engineering is the group that seeks to deliver fast, easy and secure access to high quality data for running businesses effectively at scale.

Their work spans a combination of curating core datasets for the firm, hosting a consolidated enterprise data platform that enables building, publishing, and consuming high quality data services, collaboration with divisions in machine learning, data design, and data licensing, and enforcing strong data governance throughout the firm.

Within Data Engineering is ESG Beacon, a team focused on sustainability data and shared tooling to streamline use and ensure strong governance.

The team sources, ingests, models, and delivers shared sustainability data to businesses across the firm.

Risk Management As a global financial institution, Goldman Sachs is exposed to climate and other environmental and social related risks that manifest in different ways across our businesses.

We manage these risks through our three lines of defense to ensure robust oversight and monitoring across the organization.

As highlighted earlier in this report, we see climate and other environmental and social related opportunities across our financing, investing and advisory activities.

From a risk perspective, extreme weather events and chronic changes in temperatures resulting from climate change may disrupt operations or affect the value of our clients’ and the firm’s portfolios further, there are other environmental risks such as biodiversity and social risks impacting human capital.

To identify, mitigate and adapt to these climate and other environmental and social related risks, we are focused on advancing our risk management capabilities, building on our risk management culture.

Risk identification serves as the foundation for our firm’s risk processes, informing risk strategy, mitigants and controls.

Our bank’s risk identification process is supported by quantification methods, data infrastructure and analytics, culminating in our comprehensive Risk Factor Inventory encompassing financial and nonfinancial risks, including climate related risks.

This identification of climate related risks precedes a materiality assessment of risk factors that may manifest across the firm’s businesses.

The risk taxonomy is the classification structure by which the firm organizes potential risks and risk events, providing common terms for risk identification, assessment, monitoring and reporting processes.

Within this taxonomy, climate related risks are categorized within the broader Strategic and Business Environment Risk category as distinct, stand alone risks.

Additionally, we consider climate related risks to be potential drivers across all risk categories.

In describing physical and transition risks as risk drivers, we emphasize how they may impact other risk categories (Credit and Market Risk, Liquidity and Funding Risk, and Operational Risk) over a range of time horizons.

Goldman Sachs Enterprise Risk Management Framework consists of several key processes, including risk identification and assessment, risk appetite, limits and threshold setting, risk reporting and monitoring, and risk decision making.

Our risk management framework is based on a three lines of defense structure, which covers financial and nonfinancial risks, including climate and other environmental and social related risks.

Our businesses are considered the first line of defense and are accountable for outcomes of risk generating activities, as well as for assessing and managing those risks, including climate and other environmental and social related risks, within clients’ risk appetite and the firm’s risk appetite.

Independent risk oversight and control functions are considered the second line of defense.

There are both business segment specific and firmwide risk and control functions that perform second line risk management activities, including independent assessment, oversight, and challenge of the risks taken by the first line of defense.

Internal Audit is the third line of defense and provides independent assessments and opinions of the firm’s overall control environment, risk management controls, and governance processes.

Internal Audit reports to the Board Audit Committee.

As our risk management modeling evolves, we are increasingly considering climate related risks alongside other environmental and biodiversity risks such as seismic and water stress risk.

We also integrate and manage environmental and social risks through risk assessment and reporting.

These environmental risks may not be exclusively linked to long term changes in the climate nonetheless, we find they are best assessed together with climate related risks.

Given the significance of these environmental risks, in house specialist teams consider climate related and environmental (C E) risk in an integrated manner.

We proactively manage and publicly report the material impacts of sustainability related risks to our firm, including C E and social risks across our first and second line teams.

Dedicated teams within Legal and Compliance examine and advise the firm on legal, regulatory and reputational environmental, social and governance risks.

Select teams within the Risk division also guide environmental, health and safety standards for our investing activities and perform Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) due diligence on proposed investment transactions to help business teams identify and mitigate potential risk.

Our perspectives on sustainability are informed by our stakeholders, including investors, nongovernmental organizations and regulators and they help us to better advise our clients in terms of how to improve environmental and social practices.

Examples of our firm’s related guidelines include our EPF, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Statement on Human Rights, Statement on Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking, and the Vendor Code of Conduct.

Notably, our EPF guides our overall approach to sustainability issues including management of environmental and social risk across a broad scope of sectors and products.

Our advisory, financing and direct investing teams include environmental and social due diligence as part of the review process.

Transactions that may have significant environmental or social risks, including reputational risks, are escalated for enhanced review and business selection discussion.

Several teams are involved in helping businesses identify and mitigate potential environmental and social risks, including our Business Intelligence Group, SFG, and Operational Risk.

For several sectors with particular environmental sensitivity (e.g., Oil Gas, Chemicals, Metals Mining, Forestry, Water), business teams are equipped with enhanced due diligence guidelines and training to evaluate and engage with new and existing business opportunities more effectively.

Regulatory Preparedness Goldman Sachs has been providing voluntary sustainability disclosures for the better part of two decades, beginning with our first Environmental Report in 2006.

We have since evolved our voluntary sustainability disclosures to increase transparency, including with our first SASB disclosure in 2019.

We are investing to be able to produce the required sustainability data and associated reporting capabilities.

We are also reviewing our existing governance and oversight structures and developing and implementing our longer term operating model.

We are designing a flexible operating model to meet our voluntary reporting objectives as well as to comply with existing and additional forthcoming mandatory reporting requirements across other jurisdictions.

Continuing to prepare for this shift in sustainability reporting will guide our approach to broader sustainability measurement, reporting and commitments as well as our ongoing assessment of voluntary and regulatory frameworks, which may influence our continued participation in voluntary sustainability related industry organizations.

As this shift unfolds, our client centric sustainability strategy will persist as we continue to develop and deploy innovative products and solutions for our clients, work with regulators and strategic partners to address gaps in the marketplace, and protect and preserve the long term value of our firm.

Since then, the sustainability reporting landscape has continued to evolve, with a shift from voluntary to mandatory reporting.

In June 2023, global sustainability standard setter International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) published its inaugural IFRS S1 (General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability Related Financial Information) and IFRS S2 (Climate Related Disclosures) standards.

With its goal to create a global baseline of consistent, comparable, and decision useful sustainability information for investors that could be used alongside financial statements, the ISSB sought to facilitate interoperability across jurisdictions to reduce the operational burden and complexity of new regulatory reporting for corporates, including Goldman Sachs and our clients.

Some jurisdictions, however, have already passed laws that mandate disclosures that go well beyond the ISSB’s definition of materiality and global baseline of disclosures.

For example, Goldman Sachs Group at the consolidated level will be subject to new, extraterritorial sustainability related laws that have been implemented by EU policymakers and member states.

In particular, Goldman Sachs will be subject to new, extensive disclosure requirements that exceed the ISSB’s global baseline as required under the EU CSRD.

While Goldman Sachs published a regulatory disclosure under the CSRD’s predecessor, the Non financial Reporting Directive, in 2023 for one of our European entities, the CSRD will significantly expand both the scope and breadth of both qualitative and quantitative financial and impact related disclosures associated with the 12 ESRS.

For information on our existing statements, policies, and reports on sustainability, please visit the Corporate Governance section of our website.

For more information about our financial and nonfinancial regulatory disclosures, please visit the Regulatory Disclosures section of our website.

Our overall sustainability strategy is supported by specific metrics and targets that help us track progress, report to our stakeholders, and drive our business decision making.

These metrics and targets support our strategic objective of working with our clients to help them achieve their sustainability goals, while managing our firm’s sustainability related risks and opportunities.

In 2019, we developed our Sustainable Finance Framework and announced our firmwide 10 year, 750 billion sustainable finance commitment to support the increasing demand for sustainable finance solutions across our financing, investing, and advisory work with clients.

We have made significant progress over the first four years.

Since setting this 10 year commitment, we have achieved approximately 555 billion in commercial activity, including 302 billion in Climate Transition, 74 billion in Inclusive Growth, and the remainder in multiple themes.

Of the 302 billion in Climate Transition, the most significant sub theme contributor is from Clean Energy followed by Sustainable Transport and Ecosystem Services, which together drive the majority of the contribution.

This progress reflects our integrated sustainable finance strategy and our ability to direct capital toward solutions necessary to help our clients achieve their sustainability ambition.

Progress Toward Our 2030 Sectoral Targets We are committed to working with our clients, investors and the public sector to support the goals of the Paris Agreement.

At the same time, we recognize that there are substantial gaps between the Paris aligned scenarios and the current state of policies, commitments, and technologies.

In our ongoing pursuit of these targets, we continue to evaluate data quality, and, if necessary, adjust our reporting and methodology to ensure the accuracy and relevance of our metrics.

In December 2021, we published physical emissions intensity based targets related to our financing activities in Energy, , Power, and Auto Manufacturing4 using 2019 data.

These sectors reflect where we saw the greatest opportunity to proactively engage clients, to deploy capital required for the transition, and to invest in new commercial solutions to support the transition to a low carbon economy.

In December 2023, we provided our first update on progress toward these 2030 sectoral targets,5 taking into account the most recent data available for our physical emissions intensity calculation.6 In our 2021 portfolios, we have begun to see progress toward these portfolio targets, but reiterate that year to year progress may not always be linear.

For more detailed information on this progress, please see the Goldman Sachs 2023 TCFD Report.

Auto Manufacturing gCO2e km a Majority of vendor data was pulled during July 2023. b Reduction percentage from 2019 baseline to 2030 sectoral target.

Later this year, we plan to provide another update on our sectoral targets.

We will continue to support our clients in critical sectors as they deliver on their climate transition strategies, including by providing financing and investing in climate transition enabling technology and infrastructure.

As relevant regulations are finalized, we anticipate providing additional disclosures in 2025 to comply with climate and other sustainability related reporting requirements, including those of the EU CSRD.

The referenced 2 and 1.5 degrees C pathways are based on Goldman Sachs’ Carbonomics research, which starts with the same science based carbon budgets from IPCC as other research scenarios and builds out pathways based on the costs of different technologies and approaches to decarbonization.

For additional details on the Goldman Sachs Carbonomics research, please refer to the Goldman Sachs TCFD Report 2021.

For detailed methodology and rationale on scope inclusion exclusion in each sector, please refer to pages 44 46 of the Goldman Sachs TCFD Report 2021.

Progress Toward Our Operational and Supply Chain Commitments We are committed to increasing the sustainability of Goldman Sachs’ operations, business travel, and supply chain globally.

This is why we set 2025 sustainability goals, that aim to further improve our performance across a range of areas including water, waste and energy consumption, renewable energy procurement, and sustainable supply chain practices.

In the past year, we have advanced progress toward our commitments that target net zero by 2030 in our operations and supply chain.

Following this 2030 net zero commitment, we conducted a detailed assessment across our footprint to better understand key emissions sources.

In 2023, we revised our carbon accounting methodology, which included leveraging a third party technology solution.

Our new measurement approach incorporates the latest climate science, helps increase the accuracy of our reported emissions, and enables the integration of more advanced carbon calculations.

We expect this new measurement approach to enable us to identify more impactful opportunities for emissions reduction across all scopes, including our Scope 3 emissions, which we seek to reduce in partnership with our vendors.

The following section presents our current operational and supply chain sustainability metrics, along with key progress updates.

Business Travel are reflected in the operational metrics table.

Further information on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here.

Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment.

Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.

For originally reported values, please refer to our 2022 and 2021 Sustainability Reports.

Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the methodology impact).

Further information on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here.

Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment.

Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.

For originally reported values, please refer to our 2022 and 2021 Sustainability Reports.

Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the methodology impact).

For YE 2023, credits are sourced from a variety of projects: Madre de Dios REDD projects, Hechu Afforestation Project in Anhui Province, India’s Breathing Space Improved Cooking Stoves Programme, Guizhou Province Qianxinan Afforestation Project, and Ascend N2O Abatement project in US.

Credits are applied to net emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market) and Scope 3 Category 6.

Further information on these commitments may be found on our Operational Impact pages here.

Net Emissions represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment.

Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.

Currently, no alternatives exist in Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand.

In 2023, we continued to engage our vendors to understand their climate goals.

Net Zero Carbon Goals Nearly 40% of the vendors we engaged in 2023 have a net zero carbon commitment.

Educational Sessions Hosted a series of educational sessions with key vendors to communicate our goals and the value of GHG measurement.

Free Vendor Resources Offered free resources to help vendors complete a GHG footprint for the first time.

Emissions Footprint and Climate Goals Disclosure Vendors representing over 70% of our supply chain emissions disclosed their emissions and climate goals, helping us to understand our footprint and prepare for reporting on our supply chain.

Since 2005, the firm has had a global focus on designing, building, and operating sustainable workplaces.

As of 2023, 70% of our global workplace square footage is LEED (or equivalent) certified, demonstrating a consistent framework for healthy and efficient green buildings.

Building on global efforts, our new LEED Platinum office in Hyderabad, India, which opened in October 2023, showcases key sustainability initiatives, including maximizing exposure to natural light, utilizing a sensor driven lighting system, increasing energy efficiency levels to 11% higher than benchmark building standards, and using high efficiency filters to promote healthy indoor air quality.

Hyderabad Opel has been awarded WELL Platinum certification for New Existing Interiors, marking a significant milestone as the firm’s first Platinum certified property in our portfolio.

WELL provides evidence based strategies across a number of areas to offer a holistic pathway to enhancing the health and well being of our people, including air and water quality, healthy foods, lighting and acoustics, thermal comfort, restriction and management of polluting compounds and volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) and ergonomics and movement.

Sample highlights from Opel contributing to the certification include indoor connectivity through the vertical grand staircase, biophilia, collaboration areas that boost flexibility to help lower stress, 100% height adjustable desks with ergonomic chairs and an overall approach to sustainable design.

Sourcing of office furniture for Hyderabad was also designed to reduce waste and support our inclusive growth strategies.

Since 2020, we have sourced electricity equivalent to 100% of our global consumption from renewable sources and continue our focus on adding clean power to the grid by executing long term power purchase agreements.

We continue to identify opportunities to more efficiently operate existing workplaces and reduce energy consumption.

In 2023, we fully transitioned the Plumtree Court office in London to a demand based heating operation that aligns with building occupancy.

This approach led to an approximately 45% reduction in natural gas usage compared with 2022.

Across three key locations, we have leveraged our Intelligent Building Platform (IBP) to reduce overall energy consumption.

In 2023 alone, this identification process pinpointed thousands of instances where equipment in these buildings was operating below its maximum achievable efficiency, enabling us to reduce their overall energy consumption by approximately 12 gigawatt hours as compared with 2022.

The IBP employs technology to constantly monitor our sites and identify deviations from optimal performance in building equipment and systems.

Across our global hospitality operations, which include on site cafeterias and micro markets, we continue to increase our purchasing of sustainably sourced food and reduce our global plastic consumption.

After exceeding our 2025 small and diverse vendor spend goal three years early in 2022, we set a new goal to spend 1.5 billion between 2023 2025.

We continued to grow our spend with small and diverse vendors in 2023, increasing our spend to 485 million globally, which brings us nearly a third of the way to our 2025 goal.

The percentage of our addressable spend with small and diverse vendors remained constant at 7%.

In 2023, we were recognized by WEConnect International with a Gold award in their 2023 Top Global Champions for Supplier Diversity and Inclusion, demonstrating a high level of commitment to global supplier diversity efforts.

We continued to advance our efforts in the UK, becoming founding members of Veteran Owned UK and sponsoring the MSDUK and WEConnect International regional conferences.

Globally, we delivered training to over 150 small and diverse businesses from our One Million Black Women and 10,000 Small Businesses programs and partnered with Disability:IN and OutBritain to prepare their members on how to do business with large corporations.

We continue to refine our approach to managing ESG related risks in our supply chain.

In 2023, we automated the categorization of a vendor’s ESG risk profile within the vendor management system, with ESG risk contributing to the overall risk profiles of our vendors.

We also issued an updated Vendor Code of Conduct to all our vendors, encouraging them to commit to legal, ethical, safe, fair and environmentally responsible business practices.

In 2023, we partnered with STOP THE TRAFFIK, a non profit working to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking, to host a session for our vendor management and sourcing teams on modern slavery and human trafficking and its intersection with climate change.

We listened to 10,000 Small Businesses alumni in our supply chain to better understand their experiences working with large corporations and the barriers that may exist for small businesses.

Participants highlighted cash flow constraints and the complexities of corporate procurement processes as key challenges.

In response, we introduced more favorable payment terms globally for our small business population and developed training for our global Strategic Sourcing teams on best practices when buying from small businesses.

SASB Index We leverage the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards to provide disclosure for metrics related to the three sectors that most closely align to our mix of businesses: Asset Management Custody Activities, Investment Banking Brokerage and Commercial Banks.

Disclosures that appear in more than one of these sector standards are included in a separate section at the top of our SASB Index below.

Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire firm, not just the businesses relevant to that sector.

We do not currently disclose all metrics included in the standards for these three sectors, but we will continue to evaluate them in the future.

All data is as of or for the year ended December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted.

Marketing and communication of financial product related information to new and returning customers.

Fraud, insider trading, anti trust, anti competitive behavior, market manipulation, malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or regulations and.

Updated data will be included in our forthcoming 2023 People Strategy Report.

As part of our commitment to improving diversity at the firm, we have also published our progress toward our aspirational goals please see pages 5 6 of our 2023 Form 10 K.

Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings were 115 million for 2023.

The G SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year and is generally applicable for the following year.

The G SIB surcharge is calculated using two methodologies, the higher of which is reflected in the firm’s risk based capital requirements.

The first calculation (Method 1) is based on the Basel Committee’s methodology which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the size, activity and complexity of each G SIB.

The second calculation (Method 2) uses similar inputs but includes a measure of on short term wholesale funding.

Further information about Method 1 can be found on the Bank for International Settlement’s website and further information about Method 2 can be found on the Federal Reserve Board’s website.

We are bound by Method 2 and our applicable G SIB buffer is 3%.

Please see pages 12, 88 89 and 203 204 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review and Dodd Frank Act Stress Tests, as well as our resolution and recovery planning.

Please see pages 14 18, 84, and 86 88 of our 2023 Form 10 K.

We believe our clients are best served by having a clear understanding of how we work together, the capacities in which we act and the fees we charge.

In addition to contracts for products and services, as well as regulatory disclosures, we provide Wealth Management clients a comprehensive brochure outlining the services we provide and the related fee structures, including how their advisor is compensated for each type of service and fee.

Please also refer to the Business Standards Committee Impact Report, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Risk Factors detailed on pages 31 59 of our 2023 Form 10 K for additional firmwide information.

As of December 2023, Goldman Sachs Asset Management manages 327.6 billion in sustainability related assets under supervision.

At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we believe ESG factors can be important tools for identifying investment risk and capturing opportunities on behalf of our clients.

Our approaches to ESG integration will vary by investment team and asset class and Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s Statement on Sustainable Investing Public  Investing sets out a summary of some of the elements of our approach to Sustainable Investing in our public markets investment businesses.

Please see our Approach to Stewardship, which sets out a summary of some of the elements of our approach to stewardship in the Goldman Sachs Asset Management public markets investing business, including our approach to engagement, proxy voting and industry leadership.

Please also see our most recent Stewardship Report, our UK Stewardship Code Statement, and our Global Proxy Voting Policy.

Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) oversees liquidity risk management for the funds and client portfolios for which it serves as fund manager investment advisor.

GSAM monitors liquidity risk associated with a portfolio’s ability to meet potential cash outflows related to investor redemptions withdrawals or potential liabilities related to derivative positions and secured funding trades, as well as changes in the liquidity of positions within the portfolio.

GSAM manages the liquidity of its portfolios in line with the investment strategy of each portfolio, applicable regulatory requirements, potential investor redemption requests and broader macro market conditions, at all times in the context of GSAM’s obligations and its role as a fiduciary, where applicable.

As of December 2023, we had 40.2 billion of credit exposure from securities financing transactions.

Please see page 117 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

As of December 2023, written credit derivatives had a total gross notional amount of 523.77 billion and purchased credit derivatives had a total gross notional amount of 595.23 billion.

Please see page 162 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

Please see page 78 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

Please see page 45 of our 2023 TCFD Report, which highlights targets for sectors that are material to our financing portfolio.

These sectors reflect where we see the greatest opportunity to proactively engage with our clients, deploy capital required for the transition, and invest in new commercial solutions to support transition to the low carbon economy.

The firm maintains a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and requires employees to annually certify they have reviewed and will comply with the code.

See the Business Standards Committee Impact Report and our Business Principles for further information.

MRT is a regulatory term applied in the UK and Germany, but not a concept we apply to our global workforce.

Within our UK entity workforce only, 40% of total remuneration awarded to MRTs for 2022 performance was variable.

Within our German entity workforce only, 29% of total remuneration awarded to MRTs for 2022 performance was variable.

Note that we apply a pay for performance philosophy across our organization.

Please see our Compensation Principles for further information.

All equity based awards granted to employees are subject to robust forfeiture and clawback provisions.

Please see page 74 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

For further information about investments, please see pages 113 and 165, respectively, of our 2023 Form 10 K.

Please refer to our Client Security Statement, which provides an overview of the firm’s approach to information security and its practices to secure data, systems and services, similarly aligned around the five functions of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF).

As of December 2023, our Urban Investment Group had 0.93 billion of debt assets outstanding from 102 transactions and 4.1 billion of equity assets outstanding from 244 transactions.

See our Urban Investment Group’s website for further information.

Please also refer to our programs 10,000 Small Businesses, which provides entrepreneurs in the US and UK access to education, capital and business support services, and 10,000 Women, a global initiative providing women entrepreneurs with a business and management education, mentoring and networking, and access to capital.

Please refer to our One Million Black Women: Black in Business program, which is dedicated to equipping sole proprietors with the tools necessary to turn their business potential into business growth.

Please see page 113 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

Please see page 7 of our 2023 TCFD Report, which outlines the integration of climate risk into our risk program.

Please see page 168 of our 2023 Form 10 K for further information.

Thematic Index for Our Existing Sustainability Disclosures Goldman Sachs has been providing voluntary sustainability related disclosures for the better part of two decades, beginning with our first Environmental Report in 2006.

We have since advanced our voluntary disclosures to meet the growing set of investor expectations, beginning with our first SASB disclosure in 2019, and our inaugural Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures in 2020.

As investor expectations for voluntary sustainability disclosures continue to evolve, this year we provide a thematic index below that maps disclosures from this report as well as other existing disclosures to the four core content areas of interest to investors, including Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.

As the sustainability reporting landscape continues to change, we plan to continue providing transparency and comparability of decision useful sustainability related information to our investors.

Progress Toward Our 2030 Sectoral Targets (page 68).

Over the past two decades, sustainable finance has become increasingly important to our firm’s business strategy of creating long term value for our clients, our firm and our shareholders.

As part of this strategy, we announced our firmwide 10 year, 750 billion sustainable finance commitment in 2019 to support client demand for sustainable finance solutions across our financing, investing and advisory work with clients.

We’ve continued to advance our commitment to enhance and expand sustainable finance expertise across our business segments, and launched our inaugural Sustainability Bond and Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework in 2021.

This year, we are providing an update on our comprehensive 2023 sustainability issuances.

Our strategy is organized around two sustainability themes Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth.

Through these two key themes and nine underlying sub themes, we expect to facilitate the greatest impact through our commercial work with clients and strategic partners.

Our Sustainability Bonds and Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework are aligned with these same themes.

The framework expands upon our firmwide commercial model of facilitating capital movement and supporting innovation that encourages progress on climate transition and inclusive growth, and it builds upon years of experience designing and helping clients issue Green, Social, and Sustainability financial products.

As an advisor, financier, and investor, we leverage the full range of our expertise and services as we look to help our clients develop innovative sustainability solutions.

From supporting sustainable infrastructure projects to investing in companies helping to power critical innovation in clean energy and in underserved communities, we continue to remain focused on our ability to help deploy capital.

With a keen eye toward achieving a more sustainable future, we seek to help create a thriving future for our clients, our firm and our communities.

Clean Energy Enable renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and grid services.

Sustainable Transport Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles, connected services, autonomous driving, and public transportation development.

Sustainable Food and Agriculture Enable green agricultural production, storage, processing, and distribution to feed the world.

Waste and Materials Promote sustainable production and consumption, along with responsible waste management.

Ecosystem Services Contribute to the sustainable management of natural resources and monetize the value of forests, water, and biodiversity.

Accessible and Innovative Healthcare Enable the use of digital technology, advanced devices, and diagnostics for better outcomes.

Financial Inclusion Advance financial inclusion for all, including underserved populations, by promoting access to capital, financial technology, and products that increase access, support financial health, and drive more equitable economic growth.

Accessible and Affordable Education Enable greater access to education, improve learning outcomes, and help close opportunity gaps for learners of all ages.

Communities Enable infrastructure development, affordable housing, and livelihood advancement.

As a baseline, all projects and assets under consideration for financing must meet the standards set by our environmental and social risk management procedures, including the Goldman Sachs Environmental Policy Framework, which provides guidance on financing in certain environmentally and socially sensitive sectors.

The firm’s risk management covers broader risk factors such as potential legal and regulatory risks.

The Sustainable Asset Working Group consists of senior cross divisional stakeholders from the Sustainable Finance Group, Investor Relations, Corporate Treasury, Legal, Controllers, Compliance, and relevant business teams.

This group reviews and confirms eligible projects and assets for funding with proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability issuances.

It also serves as an internal control group to help ensure accuracy and accountability for our firmwide 750 billion sustainable finance commitment.

Proceeds from our Green, Social, or Sustainability issuances are used to finance new projects or assets that meet the criteria of the respective type of issuance, and we aim to allocate all proceeds within two years following the issuance.

Additionally, loans and investments made up to one year prior to the issuance that qualify under the relevant criteria are also eligible for refinancing with its proceeds.

For further information on eligibility and exclusion criteria for our Green, Social, and Sustainability issuances, please refer to our Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework.

For our sustainability related commitments, we are committed to measuring and providing transparency on our progress.

Annual updates on the allocation of the proceeds under the Goldman Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework will include details on the expected and realized qualitative and, where possible quantitative environmental and social impacts.

Reports will continue to be published on our website annually until the proceeds of all outstanding sustainable instruments are fully allocated to eligible assets.

Goldman Sachs engaged an independent accountant to provide external assurance on the total net proceeds of 537,181,760, the total gross issuance amount of 543,286,810, and the total allocated funds of 578,259,084.

The Report of Independent Accountants is included herein.

The total allocated funds of approximately 578 million exceed both the gross issuance size of approximately 543 million and the gross issuance size net of underwriting fees of approximately 537 million to ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated.

KPIs are provided where possible based on information access depending on deal structure as well as confidentiality considerations.

Issuance size net of underwriting fees results in net proceeds of approximately 537 million.

For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework.

The distribution of impact themes, regional footprint, and supporting KPIs are dependent on investment activity in the given year(s) from which on balance sheet investments are selected for allocation toward the issuance.

Therefore, these attributes may change meaningfully from year to year.

Sustainability Issuances , Throughout 2023, Goldman Sachs issued the equivalent of approximately 543 million of sustainability issuances, with proceeds fully allocated to new investments and loans.

Eligible categories are based on our nine key impact themes that are the foundation to our overarching 10 year, 750 billion sustainable finance commitment.

Over the course of 2023, and as of December 31, 2023, Goldman Sachs has issued the equivalent of 543,286,810 in sustainability issuances ( 537,181,760 net of underwriting fees).

Gross issuance size net of underwriting fees is 537,181,760 however, proceeds have been allocated by the firm to investments and loans based on gross issuance size.

On January 6, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 150 million ( 159 million) 10NC4 autocallable notes.

Funding has been allocated to 164.6 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On March 14, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 1.5 million ( 1.6 million) 8yr1m capped participation certificates.

Funding has been allocated to 8.7 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On May 5, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 220 million ( 242 million) 5yr phoenix coupon notes.

Funding has been allocated to 242.3 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On May 26, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 50 million ( 53.5 million) 10NC1yr autocallable notes.

Funding has been allocated to 69.2 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On July 27, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 30 million ( 33 million) 10NC2yr autocallable notes.

Funding has been allocated to 33.2 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On August 22, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued Mex 200 million ( 12 million) 7yr fixed rate notes.

Funding has been allocated to 17.3 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On October 9, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 30 million ( 31.5 million) 10.25NC1yr memory phoenix autocallable notes.

Funding has been allocated to 31.8 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

On November 8, 2023, Goldman Sachs issued 10 million ( 10.7 million) 3yr forward bond to maturity note.

Funding has been allocated to 11.2 million of eligible investments and loans.

Communities Related to: Affordable, multifamily residential, and mixed use developments.

Climate Transition At Goldman Sachs, we are committed to aligning our business with a net zero by 2050 pathway, and we seek to drive decarbonization in the real economy in partnership with our clients and companies that we invest in.

Preventing negative impacts of climate change will require capital, innovation, and coordination across both the public and private sector as businesses across regions and sectors seek to implement low carbon solutions and communities everywhere adapt to an increasingly warming world.

Goldman Sachs invested in Verdalia Bioenergy, which was established in 2023, as a new business focused on developing, acquiring, building, and operating biomethane plants across Europe with the aim of deploying at least 1 billion by the end of 2026.

The company has a portfolio of development stage biomethane projects in Spain with a total capacity of 1 TWh year (equivalent to 3.4 million MMBtu), with a strong pipeline of incremental opportunities.

In addition, Verdalia has also expanded into Italy as a second country.

As part of the ongoing transformation of the global energy supply, alternative fuels such as biomethane a negative or low carbon natural gas produced through the anaerobic digestion of organic waste can serve an important role.

Biomethane is particularly relevant for Europe’s decarbonization and energy security plans, given it provides the benefits of fossil fuel natural gas with lower lifecycle carbon emissions, while being produced domestically and leveraging the large gas infrastructure already in place.

The environmental benefits of biomethane are also amplified, as it prevents methane emissions that could otherwise be released into the atmosphere from the decomposition of organic waste.

The Rimac Group manages the European Rimac companies that provide premium and luxury technology solutions in the mobility and energy sector.

The Rimac Group owns 100% of Rimac Technology, which is a majority shareholder of the hypercar manufacturer Bugatti Rimac, and is invested in P3 Mobility.

Rimac Technology is focused on the development and manufacturing of high performance mobility battery systems, eAxles, and electrical control units that push boundaries in efficiency and performance for EVs, as well as battery energy storage systems.

In cooperation with premium original equipment manufacturers, such as BMW, Rimac Technology is embarking on the next stage of development by delivering larger volumes of advanced battery systems.

Our investment in Rimac Group centers on the secular tailwinds related to the mega trend of EV adoption in Europe, coupled with a sizable, higher margin market in the supply of critical components to premium and high performance passenger vehicles.

Inclusive Growth We recognize that growth must be inclusive to be sustainable.

As with the complexity of a transition to a low carbon economy, the inclusive growth challenge is far from simple and cannot be solved by a single financial institution.

Our approach combines over two decades of experience investing in underserved communities, on the ground knowledge from connecting with and listening to diverse communities, and partnerships to help drive solutions that can improve affordability, access and quality of life.

Goldman Sachs provided, as part of our One Million Black Women initiative, a 200 million loan facility to Now, an innovative payment solutions business that helps small B2B companies get paid immediately via their NowAccount , so they can increase cash flow while eliminating the risk of late payments and nonpayment of invoices.

Through this investment, Now aims to accelerate invoice payments to help small and often underresourced businesses such as Black women owned businesses optimize their short term liquidity needs so they can grow sustainably.

Now has formed strategic partnerships with organizations including Initiative for a Competitive Inner City, Georgia Minority Supplier Development Council, Black Directory and Culture Genesis, among others to increase its reach among Black women entrepreneurs.

In December 2023, CAMBA Housing Ventures, a New York City based affordable and supportive housing developer, broke ground on a 328 unit affordable housing development in Prospect Lefferts Gardens in Brooklyn.

The development includes 29,000 square feet of community facility space to host programming focused on economic development, including workforce training and childcare.

The project was made possible by financing from Goldman Sachs, CAMBA, CREA, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, the New York State Division of Homes and Community Renewal, and the New York State Office of Temporary and  Disability Assistance.

In early 2023, Goldman Sachs committed 219.5 million as part of our One Million Black Women initiative to finance the project, which will set aside half of its units to house formerly homeless populations.

The project is also part of New York State’s Vital Brooklyn Initiative, a statewide program that aims to provide a holistic approach to community development for underserved communities in central Brooklyn.

GOLDMAN SACHS 2023 SUSTAINABILITY ISSUANCE REPORT PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Ave, New York, NY T: 646 471 3000, www.pwc.com us Report of Independent Accountants To the Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. We have examined the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. that the total net proceeds of 537,181,760, from the total gross issuance of 543,286,810, consisting of the net proceeds from: (i) the January 2023 EUR 150.0 million ( 159.0 million) autocallable notes due 2033 (ii) the March 2023 EUR 1.5 million ( 1.6 million) capped participation certificates due 2031 (iii) the May 2023 EUR 220.0 million ( 242.0 million) phoenix coupon notes due 2028 (iv) the May 2023 EUR 50.0 million ( 53.5 million) autocallable notes due 2033 (v) the July 2023 EUR 30.0 million ( 33.0 million) autocallable notes due 2033 (vi) the August 2023 MXN 200.0 million ( 12.0 million) fixed rate notes due 2030 (vii) the October 2023 EUR 30.0 million ( 31.5 million) memory phoenix autocallable notes due 2033 and (viii) the November 2023 EUR 10.0 million ( 10.7 million) forward bond to maturity note due 2026, were used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments made and loans entered into in relation to eligible green and social projects to which there were total allocated funds of 578,259,084 during the period from within one year prior to each issuance through December 31, 2023, based on the assessment criteria described in the Section of this Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 entitled Sustainability Issuances.

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s management is responsible for its assertion.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management’s assertion based on our examination.

Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA).

Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects.

An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s assertion.

The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of management’s assertion, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.

Only the total net proceeds of 537,181,760, total gross issuance of 543,286,810, total allocated funds of 578,259,084 and the related criteria described in the Section of this Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 entitled Sustainability Issuances is part of the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and our examination engagement.

The other information in the Sustainability Issuance Report 2023 and Goldman Sachs 2023 Sustainability Report has not been subjected to the procedures applied in our examination engagement, and accordingly, we make no comment as to its completeness and accuracy and do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on such information.

In our opinion, management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects.

This document has been prepared by Goldman Sachs and is not a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research.

This document, which has not been externally audited assured except where otherwise indicated, does not assess the merits of trading in any of the securities or loans of the companies named herein and should not be relied on as a basis for any such transaction or for any other investment decision.

This document does not constitute an offer to sell the securities or loans of the companies named herein or a solicitation of proxies or votes and should not be construed as consisting of investment advice.

This material is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment recommendations.

Goldman Sachs is not providing any financial, economic, legal, accounting, or tax advice or recommendations.

All investments involve risk, and past results do not guarantee future returns.

Goldman Sachs encourages you to consult with your advisors on whether environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing is appropriate with your holistic investment strategy before investing.

Neither Goldman Sachs nor any of its affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the statements or any information contained in this document and any liability therefore (including in respect of direct, indirect, or consequential loss or damage) is expressly disclaimed.

This document, including any case studies that may be part of it, is not intended to make representations as to the environmental and sustainability initiatives of any third parties, whether named herein or otherwise, which may involve information and events that are beyond Goldman Sachs’ control.

Case study examples are provided for illustrative purposes only and in limited instances do not fall within scope of Goldman Sachs’ 750 billion Sustainable Finance Commitment.

Local rules on which projects, activities or investments may be considered to be sustainable, green, ESG, or similar terms vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and this document does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of such descriptions and is subject to any specific disclosures that may be made in relation to any given project, activity, or investment at the point of sale where applicable.

This document has been prepared using data and methodologies that are subject to certain limitations, including ongoing developments in: (a) applicable laws and regulations (b) techniques and standards for measuring and analyzing relevant data (c) judgments, estimations and assumptions and (d) availability of relevant data.

This material does not purport to contain a comprehensive overview of Goldman Sachs products and offerings and may differ from the views and opinions of other departments or businesses of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates.

The use of third party logos is purely for informational purposes.

No affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by or for any third party trademark owner is hereby expressed or implied.

Stock images were included for illustrative purposes and are not owned by or featuring the company that is the subject of every case study.

No reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this document shall be deemed to form part of this report.

No representation or warranty is made by Goldman Sachs as to the quality, completeness, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or non infringement of information obtained from outside sources.

Sources of third party information referred to herein retain all rights with respect to such information and use of such information by Goldman Sachs herein shall not be deemed to grant a license to any third party.

Should you click a hyperlink contained in this document directing you to an external third party website that Goldman Sachs does not own or operate, you acknowledge and agree that Goldman Sachs is not responsible for the products, services, or content provided on that site and you must refer to that external website’s terms, privacy and security policies for details.

Goldman Sachs has included in this document statements that may constitute forward looking statements.

Forward looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only Goldman Sachs’ beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside Goldman Sachs’ control.

These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are often beyond Goldman Sachs’ control.

These statements relate to, among other things, Goldman Sachs’ goals, targets, aspirations and objectives, and include the use of projections in connection with aggregated key performance indicator (KPI) metrics provided by third parties, and actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward looking statements, including KPI projections.

Factors that could cause Goldman Sachs’ results to differ from the forward looking statements include, without limitation, global socio demographic and economic trends, energy prices, technological innovations, scientific developments, increased availability of relevant data, climate related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, and other unforeseen events or conditions.

For more information, see Forward Looking Statements in Part 1, Item 1 of Goldman Sachs’ Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 10 K) and in subsequent Goldman Sachs reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

In addition, important factors that generally affect Goldman Sachs’ business and operations can be found under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 10 K, and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC.

This document may contain statements based on hypothetical or severely adverse scenarios and assumptions.

These hypothetical scenarios may not occur, and actual events may be significantly different from these hypothetical scenarios.

These statements should not be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk.

Goldman Sachs’ approach to the disclosures included in this document differs from Goldman Sachs’ approach to the disclosures included in its mandatory regulatory reports, including its filings with the SEC. This document is intended to provide information from a different perspective and in more detail than that required to be included in other regulatory reports, including our filings with the SEC.