Integrated 

Report  2022

Integrated Report 2022

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2022

The Integrated Report 2022 is intended to communicate to stakeholders Toyota’s policies 

and strategies for addressing management issues to achieve its vision for the future. More 

detailed information is available from the Toyota Times website as well as Toyota’s other 

Contents

(Published November 2022)

2   Message from the President

reports and websites.

Toyota’s Reports and Publications

Integrated Report

Toyota Times website 

Securities Reports/SEC Filings

Sustainability Data Book

4   The Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us Toyota

  4  Our Founding Spirit
  5   The Toyoda Principles and  

Toyota Philosophy

  6   Toyota Production System (TPS)
  7   Toyota and Sports

Financial Results/Operating Results

Corporate Governance Report

8   Value Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the Future

IR section of Toyota’s website 

Sustainability section of Toyota’s website 

Financial

Period Covered

Non-financial

  8   Making Ever-better Cars
16   Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
26   Software and Connected Initiatives

29    Commercial Sector Initiatives
30   Woven City

FY2022 (April 2021 to March 2022). Some initiatives in FY2023 (April to November 2022) 

31 Business Foundations for Value Creation

are also included.

Scope of Report

Initiatives and activities of Toyota Motor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, etc., 

in Japan and overseas

Reference Guidelines

This report was prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting 

Framework issued by the IFRS Foundation.

About the PDF

This file is an interactive PDF and can be navigated by clicking on the following elements.

Main menu

Jump to the beginning of each of the report’s  
main sections 

Sub-menu

Jump to specific parts within each section 

Each section contains 
related pages of the report as well as 

 icons that link to  

 and 

Icons

icons that link to relevant web  

pages online.

* Requires an internet connection.

Message from 
the President

The Source of Our 
Value Creation:
 What Makes Us Toyota

Value Creation Story: 
Working toward the Mobility 
Society of the Future

Business Foundations 
for Value Creation

Corporate Data

 Our Founding Spirit  

 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  

 Toyota Production System (TPS)  

 Toyota and Sports

The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy

With an eye toward “Producing Happiness 
for All” - Selections from the Q&A session of 
Toyota’s 1H/2Q financial results briefing

In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the 
Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the 
automotive business ramped up. The Toyoda Principles were 
compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees 
and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work. 
  The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, 
Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing 
Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths. This philosophy provided 
the answer to the fundamental question, “What is Toyota?” as 
a touchstone for the entire Group.
  The automotive industry is experiencing a once-in-a-century transfor-
mation. In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to 
automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.
  To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of 
uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, 
a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in 
a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and 
the traffic cones used to guide cars. 

What is Toyota?

Toyota Philosophy Cone

Sakichi Toyoda’s 
resolution

Facilities

Operations

Management is 
about people

Stakeholders

DNA

Toyota’s basic principles 
Toyoda Principles 

The Toyoda Principles, or Five 
Main Principles of Toyoda, 
have since been handed 
down to every Toyota Group 
company and serve as 
guidelines for all employees.

Modern Interpretation
•  We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, 

and communities.

•  We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting-edge technologies across the world. 
We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead 
the change.

•  We focus on work that is value-adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding 

superficial matters. 

•  We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing 

mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.

•  We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while 

also respecting the diversity of the world.

Five Main Principles 
of Toyoda 

MISSION

Toyota’s mission since its foundation
Producing Happiness for All

Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by 
himself. Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars. Many at the time said it 
was impossible.
  Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today. What they truly wanted to make 
was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work 
related to those products. The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all. 
  However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people. 
Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.
  Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create. Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life 
to such things. We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society. 
Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all. This is our mission, producing 
 happiness for all, and the core of what makes us Toyota

Sakichi Toyoda

Kiichiro Toyoda

VISION

The future vision that Toyota aspires to 
Creating Mobility for All

Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, 
businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a 
sustainable relationship with our planet. This is our new destination.
  Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and 
society closer. As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, 
including the “fun to drive” experience.
  And yet, challenges related to mobility persist. There are still many potential 
opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible 
with new possibilities. 
  “To move” can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being 
emotionally moved. It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life—to 
move hearts, minds, and bodies. To move society.

VALUE

Value that Toyota can promise to stakeholders
Toyota Way 

As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times. 
In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we 

must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and 
society. These tangible and intangible aspects together power 
Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new 
imagination. In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the 
perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.
  We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the 
other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique 
value. This is the new Toyota Way.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION

5

INTEGRATED REPORT

31   Message from the CSO
32   Roundtable Discussion with the  

Outside Directors

34   Dialogue with Institutional Investors on 

Corporate Governance
35   Corporate Governance
38    Message from the CFO
39   Capital Strategy
40    The Environment
44   Vehicle Safety

45   Quality and Information Security
46   Intellectual Property and Privacy
47   Value Chain Collaboration
49   Human Rights
50    Diversity and Inclusion
52   Human Resource Development
53   Health and Safety and  

Social Contribution Activities

54   Risk Management and Compliance

55 Corporate Data

55   Board of Directors and Audit  

& Supervisory Board Members 

58   Operating Officers and  
Organizational Structure

59   Global Perspective/Data by Region

60   History
61   Financial Summary
63   Corporate Information and  

Stock Information

 
Message from the President

I Believe in a Mobility Future That Only 
Carmakers Can Create

We are living in an era in which it is hard to 

accelerate CO2 reduction and zero 

predict the future. On top of the recent 

emission efforts.”

international tensions, strained supply of 

semiconductors, and soaring material 

I have continued to emphasize these 

prices, the CASE revolution is driving a 

core points. To move forward, I think 

transformation of car making itself. 

that, above all, we must put aside our 

Steering our business forward has never 

doubts and just take action. 

been more challenging.

Such efforts are not confined to hydrogen 

The Importance of Car 

engines. At any given moment, numerous 

engineers are grappling with new, 

unprecedented technologies across Toyota. 

Making Stories

My mission is to explore the path forward to 

to return Toyota to its origins, the philosophy 

the future while protecting jobs and the 

of “producing happiness for all.”

Over the past 13 years, I have been working 

livelihoods of our stakeholders. At Toyota, 

we do not want to leave anyone behind. 

That is why we are striving to extend the 

range of our technological options by 

leveraging the achievements of our 

engineers, including those who came 

“Let’s make ever-better cars.”

“Let’s aim to be best-in-town, rather than 

being the best in the world.”

This is certainly true for the development 

before us.

“Let’s work for the sake of others.”

Amid these turbulent conditions, for the 

of hydrogen engines. Hydrogen engines 

future of the planet and generations to 

are far from ready for commercial 

come, all of industry, indeed, all of 

release, but we have been striving to 

humanity must work to address the task of 

accelerate development by honing them 

creating a carbon-neutral world.

on the front lines of motorsport. The 

development of hydrogen engines could 

I began efforts toward this end by 

allow us to leverage our wealth of 

advocating for a proper understanding of 

internal combustion engine and, in turn, 

carbon neutrality.

protect the jobs of our colleagues who 

have dedicated so much to their work 

“Carbon is our enemy, not the internal 

with engines. 

combustion engine or a particular powertrain.”

“We must reduce CO2 emissions in all 

our engineers were quietly and diligently 

processes of producing, transporting, and 

advancing cross-company development 

This approach is only possible because 

using energy.”

since long before the term “carbon 

neutral” became as common as it is 

“It’s important to pursue carbon neutrality 

now. I had just one message for them: 

based on each country’s energy and 

Don’t stop because the future is 

infrastructure situation while keeping open 

unclear; because the future in unclear, 

an array of technological options to 

give it a try. 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION

2
2

INTEGRATED REPORT

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Dataimportant to place car making within the 

A Mobility Future That Only 

context of such stories. To me, our 

customers and stakeholders are the 

protagonists of these stories, along with 

Carmakers Can Create

We have reached this point after long 

years of struggle thanks to those who 

have supported us through both good 

and difficult times.

every individual working at Toyota’s genba.

Toyota is now transforming into a mobility 

Change at Toyota Is Apparent at 

the Genba

company. Our products and services  

may change in the future, but, even so,  

I believe in a mobility future that only 

carmakers can create.

We would not have been able to change 

without the understanding and backing of 

our stakeholders. 

“The future is something we create together.”

Our products, above all else, are the 

When asked what we do, I want Toyota 

“An industry united as one.”

tangible manifestation of the ways Toyota 

members to respond with pride, 

I have repeated these messages and 

has changed. Today, Toyota offers a wide 

demonstrated Toyota’s philosophy and 

variety of products that have become the 

skills through action at the genba (the front 

preferred choice of customers around the 

confidence, and ambition: “I make cars.”  

I see my mission as nurturing such 

individuals by passing on the legacy of 

lines) time and again, both as president 

world. I believe this is because the people 

Toyota’s skills and philosophy.

and as a master driver.

working at Toyota have changed.

Based on these principles, we will continue 

to blaze the trail forward to the future with 

our many partners and colleagues. 

By pursuing a best-in-town approach, we 

Toyota’s efforts at the genba are 

better understand what makes our 

underpinned by the many people, both 

customers and stakeholders happy and 

inside and outside the Company, who 

what doesn’t.

have provided support to ensure the 

success of each new project. These 

By focusing on making ever-better cars, 

diverse professionals work tirelessly, 

we discover the limits of what we can do 

acting with mutual respect, sharing 

by ourselves. We realize that, from 

expertise, and making steady 

development to after-sales, a car has a 

improvements to deliver ever-better cars 

useful life spanning more than 20 years 

to customers as quickly as possible.

that is profoundly intertwined with the lives 

of our customers.

Through these efforts, our colleagues 

strive to fulfill the philosophy of “producing 

By bringing car development into the 

happiness for all” using the time-honored 

world of motorsport, the demanding 

skills of the TPS. I am grateful for such 

conditions of racing allow us to hone both 

dedication, which I see as a clear sign of 

vehicles and people. I have always felt it 

real change at Toyota.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION

3
3

INTEGRATED REPORT

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate DataOur Founding Spirit: For the Sake of Others 

Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 

Mother’s Burden

Sakichi Toyoda, the founder of the Toyota Group, 
was born the son of a carpenter in the village of 
Yamaguchi, now part of Kosai City, Shizuoka 
Prefecture, in 1867. Full of curiosity, Sakichi is said to 
have spent his early years reading a wide range of 
books, thinking about how he might make a contri-
bution to society. One day, Sakichi was thinking 
about his mother, and how every evening she toiled 
at her loom, weaving fabric late into the night. He 
wondered if there might be a way to make her work 
easier. At the time, weaving was a laborious process, 
requiring the use of both hands and legs to control 
the threads of warp and weft in sequence. At the 
age of 23, Sakichi invented his first loom, the Toyoda 
Wooden Hand Loom, which could be operated with 
only one hand and greatly increased efficiency. He 
patented the loom in May 1891. 
  Seeking to more dramatically increase capacity, 
Sakichi turned his attention to developing 
a  powered loom and invented Japan’s first, the 
Toyoda Power Loom, for which he received 
a  patent in August 1898. 
  Sakichi continued to invent and improve looms 
for more than two decades. This work came to 
head with the Non-Stop Shuttle Change Toyoda 
Automatic Loom, Type G, invented in 1924 in 
collaboration with his son, Kiichiro. 
  At the time, automatic looms had to be con-
stantly watched over by human operators so that 
they could intervene when unpredictable anoma-
lies, such as threads breaking, occurred. The Type 
G automatic loom used a mechanism to detect 
anomalies like running out of or breaks in the 
thread, stopping automatically in response. 

Sakichi’s first invention: 
The Toyoda wooden 
hand loom
(photo provided by the 
Toyota Commemorative 
Museum of Industry  
and Technology)

  Furthermore, the Type G automatically changed 
the loom’s shuttle when the thread was close to 
running out. When changing the shuttles holding 
the weft thread, operators previously had to use 
their mouths to suck the end of the thread through 
the eye of the shuttle, inhaling cotton dust, which 
caused problems in the lungs of many workers. 
Sakichi, Kiichiro, and the colleagues invented a way 
to pull the thread through using a simple manual 
action that took advantage of the thread’s tension. 
  The drive to serve others and make their work 
easier—like Sakichi’s desire to ease the burden of his 
mother and employees—was carried on by his son 
Kiichiro and remains a core value of Toyota today. 
  The Type G automatic loom was said to boast 
the best performance of any loom in the world, 
improving productivity more than twentyfold and 
dramatically increasing textile quality. The success 
of the Type G empowered Kiichiro Toyoda to take 
on the challenge of establishing a Japanese 
automotive industry, which many at the time, 
more than 80 years ago, considered beyond the 
capabilities of Japanese industry. This was the 
work to which he would dedicate the rest of his life. 

Making Domestic Cars and 

Establishing a Japanese Auto Industry

Kiichiro Toyoda, the son of Sakichi, was born in 
1894. After graduating from college in 1921, he went 
to work at Toyoda Boshoku, his father’s company, 
and traveled to Europe and the United States for the 
first time. In the 1920s, the streets of the United 
States were teeming with Ford Model Ts. The 
automotive era was dawning. In Japan, the number 
of imported automobiles was gradually rising, but 
their use was confined to the very wealthy. 

Model A1 passenger car proto-
type completion ceremony

Type G  
automatic loom

4

 Our Founding Spirit  

 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  

 Toyota Production System (TPS)  

 Toyota and Sports

  Kiichiro was already determined to produce 
domestic cars and establish a Japanese auto 
industry. In 1926, Kiichiro was named managing 
director of the newly established Toyoda 
Automatic Loom Works, Ltd. and began studying 
automobiles in earnest. The company established 
an automotive department in September 1933 
and in 1934 officially entered the automotive 
business, completing its first engine prototype. 
In 1935, the first Toyoda Model A1 prototype 
passenger car was completed, and the Toyoda 
Model G1 Truck was announced. The very next 
year, in 1936, mass production of Model AA 
passenger cars commenced. Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. was established in 1937, with Kiichiro be-
coming its president in 1941. 

Management Crisis, Labor Disputes, 

and Commitment to Providing Employment 

In post-war 1949 Japan, measures to curb 
inflation rapidly stabilized prices, but the resulting 
reduction in the money supply plunged industry 
into serious funding shortages, triggering the 
so-called “Dodge Line Recession.” The prices of 
iron, steel, and other materials rose, but the 
officially fixed price of automobiles stood 
 unchanged, causing the profitability of the 
 automotive industry to decline significantly. 

In December of that year, Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. and its labor union signed a memorandum 
aimed at cooperating to overcome the crisis, 
stating that the Company was at all costs to avoid 
job cuts as a means of overcoming the crisis. 
Kiichiro had faced employment issues at Toyoda 
Automatic Loom Works during the Showa 
Depression in 1930 and was determined to never 
again allow such a situation to arise. His entry into 
the automotive industry had been in part a strate-
gy to diversify and thereby avoid the recurrence of 
employment problems, so he was, of course, 
resolved to avoid job cuts at all costs in the face 
of the 1949 business crisis.

In January 1950, negotiations with the Bank of 

Japan began on the Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. 
reconstruction plan. In April of that year, Toyota 

Motor Sales Co., Ltd. was established to resolve 
the problem of delays in payments for vehicles, 
a major cause of the Company’s financial troubles. 
Far from improving, however, the situation 
 worsened further. As the Company’s business 
results showed no sign of improvement, 
 labor-management negotiations with the Toyota 
Motor Co., Ltd. labor union deteriorated into a 
protracted dispute. During collective bargaining 
that April, the Company made reconstruction 
proposals centered on job cuts that the labor 
union could not accept, and the dispute 
 continued for another month and a half until 
a memorandum was finally signed in June. 
  Accepting responsibility for the labor disputes, 
Kiichiro Toyoda resigned as president of the 
Company in May 1950. In March 1952, he agreed 
to make his much-awaited return to the position, 
but, before he could do so, he passed away at 
the age of 57. Nevertheless, his aspirations were 
kept alive by his colleagues, who persevered with 
purely home-grown technologies as other 
Japanese automakers were forming technology 
alliances with U.S. and European manufacturers. 
These efforts led to the 1955 launch of the 
Toyopet Crown, the first passenger car to be 
developed and built entirely in Japan, a long-held 
dream of Kiichiro Toyoda. 

The Spirit of Sakichi and Kiichiro Toyoda

Born into a poor family, Sakichi Toyoda was 
driven to make others’ work easier, teaching 
himself in order to invent automatic looms and 
going on to build Toyota’s foundations. Not 
content to simply follow the easy path set by his 
father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of 
domestic car-making, which many at the time 
said was impossible, navigating tremendous 
social changes as he built the Company and the 
foundations of Japan’s automotive industry. The 
spirit they embodied—of striving to stay ahead of 
the times and endeavoring to be studious and 
creative for the betterment of lives and society—
lives on in Toyota today. It is the core of what 
makes us Toyota.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy

With an eye toward “Producing Happiness 
for All” - Selections from the Q&A session of 
Toyota’s 1H/2Q financial results briefing

 Our Founding Spirit  

 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  

 Toyota Production System (TPS)  

 Toyota and Sports

In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the 
Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the 
automotive business ramped up. The Toyoda Principles were 
compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees 
and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work. 
  The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, 
Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing 
Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths. This philosophy provided 
the answer to the fundamental question, “What is Toyota?” as 
a touchstone for the entire Group.
  The automotive industry is experiencing a once-in-a-century transfor-
mation. In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to 
automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.
  To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of 
uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, 
a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in 
a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and 
the traffic cones used to guide cars. 

What is Toyota?

Toyota Philosophy Cone

Sakichi Toyoda’s 
resolution

Facilities

Operations

Management is 
about people

Stakeholders

DNA

Toyota’s basic principles 
Toyoda Principles 

The Toyoda Principles, or Five 
Main Principles of Toyoda, 
have since been handed 
down to every Toyota Group 
company and serve as 
guidelines for all employees.

Modern Interpretation
•  We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, 

and communities.

•  We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting-edge technologies across the world. 
We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead 
the change.

•  We focus on work that is value-adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding 

superficial matters. 

•  We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing 

mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.

•  We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while 

also respecting the diversity of the world.

Five Main Principles 
of Toyoda 

MISSION

Toyota’s mission since its foundation
Producing Happiness for All

Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by 
himself. Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars. Many at the time said it 
was impossible.
  Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today. What they truly wanted to make 
was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work 
related to those products. The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all. 
  However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people. 
Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.
  Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create. Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life 
to such things. We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society. 
Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all. This is our mission, producing 
 happiness for all, and the core of what makes us Toyota

Sakichi Toyoda

Kiichiro Toyoda

VISION

The future vision that Toyota aspires to 
Creating Mobility for All

Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, 
businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a 
sustainable relationship with our planet. This is our new destination.
  Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and 
society closer. As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, 
including the “fun to drive” experience.
  And yet, challenges related to mobility persist. There are still many potential 
opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible 
with new possibilities. 
  “To move” can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being 
emotionally moved. It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life—to 
move hearts, minds, and bodies. To move society.

VALUE

Value that Toyota can promise to stakeholders
Toyota Way 

As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times. 
In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we 

must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and 
society. These tangible and intangible aspects together power 
Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new 
imagination. In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the 
perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.
  We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the 
other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique 
value. This is the new Toyota Way.

5

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Our Founding Spirit  

 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  

 Toyota Production System (TPS)  

 Toyota and Sports

Toyota Production System (TPS)

since its foundation, or even before then. Does anyone 
know what they are?
Participant A
I think they are “Just-in-Time” and “automation with a 
human touch,” or “Jidoka.”
Toyoda
That’s it! That’s what I wanted to hear! (everyone laughs)
  That’s why I volunteered to be the lecturer today to 
help kick off the TPS training program. Hopefully, I can 
help narrow the gap between my understanding
of Jidoka and Just-in-Time and yours.
  First of all, let’s talk about Jidoka. It’ll be easier to 
explain the concept by first looking at the automatic 
loom invented by Sakichi Toyoda. Thinking about his 
mother, and how she toiled to weave fabrics every eve-
ning and late into the night, the young Sakichi wondered 
if there might be a way to ease her burden.

When Sakichi developed his first automated loom, both 
hands were used to control the threads of warp and weft. 
His invention allowed his mother to operate a loom using 
only one hand. It also helped improve quality, increasing 
overall efficiency and dramatically improving productivity.

Often at Toyota, TPS is considered the process of making 
things efficient, and people talk about it as if changing 
work processes is TPS’s purpose. But, I think the pur-
pose should always be to make someone’s work easier.

2. Improving Productivity Was Not the 

Main Purpose

The Type G automatic loom is the machine that helped 
drive a redesign of Toyota’s business. Automatic looms 
back then were always monitored by one operator, 
based on a mindset of “one person, one machine.” 
Each person was the “guard” of their machine. This was 
because operators were unable to predict abnormalities.

With this automatic loom, Toyota was able to secure the 
capital required to shift its business model from an automatic 
loom manufacturer to a car manufacturer. This was because 
a world-leading automatic loom company in the United 
Kingdom asked Toyota to sell its automatic loom technology.

abnormalities at a time when there were no sensors.
  When the thread ran out, it automatically changed to 
another wooden shuttle with a new thread.
  The shuttle needs to have the thread end out on the 
surface. Before this machine was invented, workers had 
to suck it out themselves. The problem was that there 
was a lot of cotton dust in the air in textile factories, 
which could damage workers’ lungs when they inhaled 
deeply. Sakichi invented a new feature that automatically 
brought out the thread end. This invention was the result 
of Sakichi simply exploring a desire to do something for 
his team members on the manufacturing front lines who 
were suffering damage in their lungs.
  Thus, Sakichi determined what the abnormalities were 
and then came up with system to prevent or stop them. 
As a result, productivity improved—not the other way 
around. He did not do all this just to improve productivity.

3. How President Toyoda Sees Jidoka 

(Automation with a Human Touch)

In my view, Jidoka is about being centered on people. 
It’s about putting yourself in the shoes of someone 
working there. You can’t just issue orders to improve 
efficiency or reduce resources from the safety of your 
position far from the front lines. Toyota also has this 
idea about adjusting the work per person to match the 
full output of one unit of manpower (pursuing ichi-nin-
ku in Japanese).

This concept of ichi-nin-ku means the amount of work 
that one worker can or should accomplish in a day.

We all only have 24 hours in a day. This applies equally 
to everyone. And employees spend a lot of that time 
devoted to work for a company. Knowing this, supervi-
sors must make the work being done by team mem-
bers as meaningful as possible. That is what Toyota’s 
manufacturing front lines have been pursuing.

The focus is creating more free time for workers by elimi-
nating waste in work processes to reduce overtime. 
Pursuing ichi-nin-ku means valuing each person’s time.

4. How President Toyoda Sees Just-in-Time

The most common abnormalities that occurred when 
weaving fabric with automatic looms were when thread 
ran out or broke. The Type G was able to detect such 

A phrase that is commonly associated with the concept of 
Just-in-Time is “provide what is needed, when needed, in 

6

In May 2020, at Toyota’s financial results briefing, 
President Akio Toyoda reflected on the efforts the 
Company had made over the previous few years, saying:

“Over the past few years, we came to feverishly engage 
in both a fight to bring back what makes us Toyota 
and the complete redesign of Toyota for the future.”

Revisiting messages President Toyoda gave starting from 
a few years ago, two of the things he repeatedly has said 
that makes us Toyota are the Toyota Production System, 
or TPS, and cost reduction.

In August 2020, at Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan, 

a new training program was started to nurture a select 
group of “TPS leaders” from various divisions across the 
Company. To emphasize the importance of the program 
and to share his own thoughts about TPS, President 
Toyoda joined the kick-off session.

1. Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 

Mother’s Burdens

This training program was created for Toyota’s manage-
ment leaders who don’t work at manufacturing front 
lines to gain a deeper understanding of TPS in order to 
help the Company accelerate its efforts to bring back the 
essence of what makes it Toyota as it looks to complete-
ly redesign Toyota for the future.

Toyoda
I was a little concerned to hear today’s participants’ 
statement of determination to “change Toyota any way 
possible by utilizing what’s learned and obtained through 
this program.”
  There are two key concepts deeply rooted in Toyota 

What is the Toyota Production System?
Akio Toyoda’s View

the amount needed.” The key to understanding Just-in-
Time is the idea of “lead time,” the amount of time 
required for products or services to be delivered after they 
are ordered.

Toyoda
What comes to mind when you think about Just-in-Time?
  Taking a “what is needed when needed” approach, 
to respond quickly to customer needs, there would 
need to be a lot of inventory, right? One finished vehi-
cle consists of about 30,000 parts. So, it would follow 
that for a production line to flexibly produce orders 
quickly, a tremendous amount of inventory would need 
to on hand, right?
Participant B
But if we know and can meet what customers want...
Toyoda
Who do you mean by “customers”?
Participant B
Each downstream process... or our final end users.
Toyoda
But we sell around 10 million new vehicles annually, and 
that means we have the same number of customers. 
How can we understand what is needed by each specif-
ic customer? We can’t, so instead, we have to have a 
lean operation in place to detect abnormalities right away 
and halt the pipeline so that we can make improvements 
quickly. And that’s why we need Just-in-Time.

In this way, I think the key concept that makes Just-

in-Time easier to understand is “lead time.”

At Toyota, a common term for the next process in a 
workflow, whether it be in manufacturing or in an office, 
is “downstream process.” Those in the downstream are 
considered a “customer.” President Toyoda was trying to 
convince the participants to think of “Just-in-Time” in the 
context of the bigger picture, to consider not only the 
immediate downstream, but how things relate to the 
company as a whole to deliver Toyota’s vehicles to the 
end customers “just-in-time.”

5. Achieving the Lead Time of a Sushi Restaurant?

Take, for example, sushi. When you go to an authentic 
sushi restaurant, are the finished orders just waiting in 
front of the chef? I don’t think so. Each piece is made to 
order. You can’t prepare every specification in advance for 
10 million customers. It’s important to understand what 
we can’t do. The key, then, is trying to shorten lead time.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
Toyota and Sports

Sports Embody the Values and 
Corporate Culture That Toyota 
Cherishes

Passion for Sports Passed Down Since 

Toyota’s Founding

Toyota’s passion for sports has been a constant 
since the Company’s founding in 1937. That same 
year, founder Kiichiro Toyoda organized Toyota’s 
first sports club, the track and field club. Since 
then, Toyota and its athletic clubs have grown and 
developed together. President Akio Toyoda 
explains why he thinks this came to be.

“More than 80 years ago, our founder Kiichiro 
Toyoda created a sports club along with the 
Automobile Division. But what was the sports 
club for? The spirit of “never giving up” and the 
spirit of working “for the team,” which encourag-
es effort on the behalf of others—I believe these 
were exactly the mindsets the founding mem-
bers needed as they recklessly took on the chal-
lenge of establishing an automotive industry in 
Japan. Kiichiro must have felt that sports could 
help strengthen the values they should cherish, 
creating Toyota as we know it today.

Sports Clubs Grow alongside the Company

 Our Founding Spirit  

 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  

 Toyota Production System (TPS)  

 Toyota and Sports

TOYOTA TEAMS & ATHLETES

Sports Clubs Grow alongside the Company

Following the track and field club, a judo club was 
created in 1938. As the years went on, Toyota 
added more sports clubs to its roster, notably 
soccer, rugby, and volleyball clubs. Club activities 
were put on hold during the war years but resumed 
in earnest thereafter. Four clubs, including men’s 
and women’s volleyball clubs, were established in 
1946 alone, and a total of twelve were set up in 
the five years from then to 1951. 
  1951 also marked the first-ever All-Toyota 
Games, an event in which Toyota Group compa-
nies competed with each other through various 
athletic events, representing growing enthusiasm 
for sports activities at Toyota. 

Opening ceremony of 
the All-Toyota Games  
in May 1965

In 1964, Tokyo hosted the Olympic and Paralympic 
Games, a proud moment for the country that led to 
increased popularity of corporate sports leagues 
and teams in Japan. Around this time, Toyota 
helped establish a corporate-backed sports 
league, the Japan League, to allow companies 
from across the country to come together in friend-
ly competition. Not only did this build solidarity 
among Toyota’s employees, it helped forge ties 
across Japan’s economic sector. It was also during 
this era that Toyota started to open and operate 
overseas, leading to a growing international view of 
the world, including with regard to sport activities.
  By the 1970s, Toyota had 35 different sports 
clubs divided among its primary working loca-
tions in Japan. For example, the Tokyo office had 
basketball, while track and field club was in Aichi 
Prefecture, where the Tahara Plant is located, 
and at the Higashi-Fuji Technical Center in 
Shizuoka Prefecture, it was soccer. Some of 

7

these clubs started to include athletes that par-
ticipated regularly in worldwide competitions. 
Sports had taken a prominent position in the 
minds of employees at Toyota.

Internationally, Toyota made the decision to 
become the main sponsor of the Toyota Europe/
South America Cup (Intercontinental Cup) soccer 
competition in the mid-1980s. This event brought 
together reigning champion clubs from the European 
and South American confederations in a competition 
to claim the distinction of the world’s top club team. 
The event was renamed the “Intercontinental Cup” in 
1984, and the “FIFA Club World Championship pre-
sented by Toyota” in the mid-2000s. Toyota contin-
ued to support the competition as its main sponsor 
for three decades until 2014.

Developing Sporting Equipment for the 

Paralympics—Seizing Opportunities to 

Transform into a Mobility Company 

Offering Freedom of Movement for All

It was around this time that the Olympic and 
Paralympic spirit spread to Toyota. In 2015, 
Toyota signed on to become the official worldwide 
mobility partner of the International Olympic and 
Paralympic Committees. 
  Approximately 300 Global Team Toyota Athletes 
from 50 countries and regions competed at the 
recent Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo 
and Beijing. Toyota not only joined with Group 
members and partners around the world to cheer 
these athletes on, the Company worked with the 
event staff, developed sporting equipment, and 
supported athletes’ second careers. 
  We believe that sports are not just about competi-
tion; first and foremost they are about bringing peo-
ple together. In this spirit, we’ve worked with local 
chapters of the Special Olympics over the years, 
and in 2017 we became an official global partner. 

  The Special Olympics strives to create a better 
world by fostering the acceptance and inclusion 
of all people through sport and promotes Unified 
Sports, which joins people with and without intel-
lectual disabilities on the same teams in order to 
build relationships of mutual understanding and 
support. We see the opportunity to work with 
Special Olympics as a way to expand our own 
view of the world and help create a more inclu-
sive, harmonious society.

Sports Embody the Values of Toyota

Since its founding, Toyota has continued to 
believe in the power of sport to bring people 
together and boost morale, regardless of market 
conditions or the broader business challenges it 
faces. We are proud of the long history of our 
sports teams, and will continue to cherish them. 
The values of sport—taking on challenges, never 
giving up, teamwork, and respect—are also the 
values and corporate culture of Toyota. 
  Every day, across the globe, athletes demon-
strate the values of humility, hard work, determi-
nation, and perseverance. 

It is our admiration for these values that contin-
ues to drive us to support the creation of a more 
inclusive and sustainable society in which all peo-
ple can start their impossible.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Making Ever-better Cars: Product-centered Management

At the November 2021 Nationwide 

Why is that? I think it is because Toyota 

preached to about cars by someone who 

The second key theme is “long sellers.”

Toyota Dealers Convention, President 

treats sports car development as the front 

didn’t know anything about them. But, he 

Toyota’s long sellers have included the Crown 

Toyoda Spoke About Product-

centered Management.

line for developing the skills and knowledge 

said, if I was interested, he would teach me 

and Corolla, which drove the motorization of 

that will be passed down as well as for 

to drive. That was the start of my journey, 

Japan, as well as the Prius, which created 

human resource development. For Toyota, 

under the new nickname Morizo, to 

the hybrid electric vehicle market. More rug-

Over the decades, Toyota has provided 

of renewal and rebirth carried out every  

sports car development has been like a rite 

becoming a master driver.

ged long sellers include the Land Cruiser, 

Hiace, and Probox. The Coaster and Century 

society with a wide range of products 

20 years.

From there, though a decade late, Toyota 

were long sellers, too. Indeed, Toyota boasts 

aimed at meeting customer needs, begin-

went on to develop the LFA in the 2010s, 

numerous models that have been beloved by 

ning with the Toyoda Model AA in 1936. 

Following this cycle, the next generation of 

recapturing the “secret sauce,” that flavor 

customers for decades.

Looking back on our history of car marking, 

Toyota sports cars should have hit the scene 

unique to Toyota and Lexus cars.

I see two key themes.

in the 2000s. They did not.

Despite this, when Toyota was focusing on 

We went on to revive the 86 and the Supra

the number of vehicles sold and making vehi-

The first is “sports cars.”

Around that time, Toyota was growing its vehi-

as well, but all of these were made in collabo-

cles mainly for overseas markets, the position 

cle sales, mainly outside Japan, and pursuing 

ration with outside partners. We still wanted 

of long-selling cars within the Company shift-

The 1960s were a key era for Toyota’s sports 

scale expansion. Amid that push, the role of 

to once again make a sports car that would 

ed greatly. The Crown and Corolla began to 

cars. This decade saw the birth of many 

its old renewal rite was forgotten, and sports 

be all our own. This dream led to the devel-

undergo regular model changes based solely 

sports cars that would eventually achieve 

cars disappeared from Toyota’s vehicle lineup.

opment of the GR Yaris.

legendary status, such as the Publica Sports, 

on an annual schedule, while rugged vehicles 

like the Land Cruiser and Hiace no longer 

Sports 800, and 2000GT. Then, in the 1980s, 

I was not the only one who sensed how 

For years, I have constantly been talking 

had model changes at all. These long-selling 

Toyota launched the Supra, MR2, Celica, and 

dangerous this was. Our test drivers, in 

about “ever-better car making.” Now, as the 

cars had been beloved by customers and an 

Levin/Trueno. In this way, Toyota has created 

fact, felt the danger more keenly than I did. 

number of my colleagues taking action with 

integral part of their lives for so long, but now 

sports cars that bring together the most cut-

I think that feeling was part of why Hiromu 

me has grown, this has evolved into 

it was considered unimportant for them to 

ting-edge technological prowess of the era 

Naruse, then Toyota’s chief test driver, told 

“ever-better car making from a starting point 

change or evolve.

every two decades.

me, very frankly, that he didn’t want to be 

in motorsports.”

Sports 800

MR2

Supra

Publica Sports

Levin/Trueno

LFA

GR Yaris

2000GT

Celica

8

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

However, I believe that only by constantly

turning, and stopping—a solid platform  

The second pillar is the in-house company 

the “flavor” of the products we put out. A 

changing to meet the needs of the times can 

is essential.

system. A defining characteristic of Toyota is 

president who is able to definitively say “no” 

a car be a long seller. We have already begun 

its full lineup of diverse vehicles that meet a 

to projects, even ones that our development 

working to reclaim this approach.

However, creating a new platform and pro-

comprehensive range of customer needs.

teams have worked hard on, if they don’t 

moting standardization is not so easy. I 

have that unique Toyota/Lexus flavor.

The Vitz, as it was known in Japan, was uni-

found myself wishing that Toyota had moved 

Offering a full lineup means that we must 

fied under the name Yaris, which had taken 

away from the one-model, one-platform 

always have people who are passionate and 

Morizo, master driver, and president of Toyota.

root overseas, and we expanded its lineup to 

approach and implemented platform reforms 

responsible about creating cars in all genres, 

include the GR Yaris and Yaris Cross. 

while its sales volumes and revenues had 

from sports cars to commercial vehicles. 

Wearing these three hats at once, I have gone 

Similarly, the Corolla lineup saw the addition 

been expanding.

Ensuring this is the true objective of the 

to front lines myself and worked alongside my 

of the Corolla Sport and Corolla Cross. Our 

in-house company system.

colleagues these past 12 years. I am sure that 

strategy was to build a lineup tailored to cur-

During the very difficult time after the 2008 

all of that effort shows in our products.

rent needs while leveraging the brand 

global financial crisis, when Toyota fell into 

The lure of increasing unit sales and revenue 

strength of our long sellers.

the red and we could not increase unit sales, 

in the short term is hard to resist. This is why 

By continuing to make ever-better cars, our 

we all had to grit our teeth and work even 

we must nurture people and organizations 

brand will continue to evolve. This is what I 

harder. The fruit of this labor was a powerful 

capable of focusing and placing the highest 

believe to be the essence of product-

“Let’s make ever-better cars.” 

tool—the TNGA.

priority on creating the cars that Toyota and 

centered management. It means not aiming to 

This idea was the impetus for the transforma-

society really need.

tion of Toyota’s car making. Three pillars sup-

I believe that it is precisely because we have 

be the biggest in the world in terms of units sold, 

but aiming to be the best in town by creating 

ported this transformation.

the TNGA that we are able to restore the 

The final pillar is a figure at the top who can 

better cars that bring smiles to customers’ faces.

sports cars and long sellers that for so many 

take final responsibility. It’s embarrassing to 

The first pillar, and the first that we took on, 

years have supported the Toyota brand to 

say so myself, but I think that one thing that 

At first, when I spoke about making ever- 

was the Toyota New Global Architecture 

their proper places and tackle the challenge 

sets Toyota apart, that it has and other OEMs 

better cars, few understood me, or tried. 

(TNGA). To achieve excellent performance in 

of building up their lineups.

don’t, is a master driver in top management. 

However, thanks to the support of my col-

the basic functions of a car—propulsion, 

A president who can take responsibility for 

leagues who believed in me and to the support 

History of Toyota’s car making 

The three pillars of ever-better car making 

Two key words 

1. Sports cars 

2. Long sellers 

1. Platform reforms via the TNGA

2.  In-house company system transforming people 

and organizations 

3.  A master driver in top management taking  

final responsibility 

9

of our dealers, I think that Toyota’s products 

have slowly but surely changed for the better.

Going forward, we will continue to do our 

utmost to make ever-better cars.

I hope to convey the heart and the story of 

Toyota, which we put into every product, to 

all our dealers and as many customers as 

possible. Nothing would please me more 

than if that story were to become one of the 

many new stories connecting the hearts of

our dealers and customers.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

This Is Japan’s Crown!

The new Crown, Toyota’s flagship car, made its world premier on July 15, 2022. President Akio Toyoda 
spoke about the passion behind the many generations of the Crown to date and what it means to him 
to deliver the 16th-generation Crown—a car that represents Toyota and Japan and has undergone a 
major transformation from previous models—to customers around the world. 

The Story of the Crown

The Crown’s Foundation: 

Generations 1 to 3

The Crown’s origin can be traced back to 
Toyota’s founding era. 90 years ago, our 
founder Kiichiro Toyoda decided to take on 
the challenge of entering the automobile 
business. Driving this ambitious dream was 
his philosophy of enriching the lives of the 
Japanese people by creating a passenger 
car for the masses.
  Production of Toyota’s longed-for domestic 
passenger car finally began in January 1952, 
15 years after the Company’s founding. 
Kiichiro himself named the vehicle “Crown.”
  Appointed as the Crown’s chief engineer 
was Kenya Nakamura. Driven by a strong 
sense of mission, Nakamura put all his  
energy into developing the Crown. He 
approached the task with the conviction to 
do what he thought was right despite strong 
opposition and criticism. No latest technolo-
gy was ignored in the Crown’s creation, 
including a double-wishbone suspension for 
the front wheels.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

Reminiscing about the launch, Nakamura 
said, “It was like all of Japan was in the midst 
of a festival. When I apologized for something 
that wasn’t good enough, customers con-
soled me by saying ‘It’s just a tiny scratch. 
No big deal.’ It was like the whole country 
was giving me a boost forward.”

In 1957, the Crown participated in an 
Australian rally, making it the first Japanese 
car to race in an international rally. Soon 
after, Toyota took another bold step by 
exporting the vehicle to the United States, 
marking its first passenger car export.
  Then, in 1959, Toyota opened its 
Motomachi Plant specifically for producing 
passenger cars. Building a mass-production 
plant with an annual capacity of 60,000 units 
was a major decision, given that Japan’s pas-
senger car market was still in its infancy.
  For Toyota, all its post-war challenges 
started with the first-generation Crown. I 
would say that car symbolized Japan’s 
recovery and growth momentum.

1 0

President Toyoda’s message to 
the world: “This is Japan’s Crown!”

issues, sales struggled. The lesson learned 
from this model, and taken to heart to this 
day, was this: The Crown must first and 
foremost meet customers’ core needs.
  From that point on, successive chief 
engineers pursued Crown development 
with great care to balance innovation and 
customer expectations. That approach to 
car-making bore fruit in the development of 
the seventh and eighth generations, led by 
chief engineer Kenichi Imaizumi. With its 
“Someday, a Crown” tagline, the seventh 
generation became a status symbol in 
Japan, followed by the eighth generation, 
which achieved the highest sales volume in 
Crown history.

I joined Toyota in 1984, and my first work-
place was the Motomachi Plant. I was 
involved in the production preparation for the 
eighth generation, and I still remember how 
everyone took pride in their work. In the 
1980s, the Crown had undoubtedly become 
Japan’s flagship car. However, its growth 
peaked there. The Crown entered hard times 
from the ninth generation onward.

The Crown’s Transformation: 

Generations 9 to 15

To start with, the Crown’s positioning within 
Toyota changed. In 1989, Toyota launched 
the Lexus LS in Japan as the Toyota Celsior. 
This marked a major turning point in the his-
tory of the Crown, which had long served as 
Toyota’s flagship car.

  The third-generation Crown was launched 
in 1967, the year that personal vehicle own-
ership began to take off in Japan. Kameo 
Uchiyamada took the reins as chief engineer 
after participating in the second-generation 
car’s development under Nakamura’s tute-
lage. Looking at cars in a parking lot, 
Uchiyamada noticed that lighter colors 
seemed to be gaining in popularity. 
Anticipating that more people would be 
using a Crown as a personal vehicle, he 
decided to make the third generation avail-
able in white. Widely known as the White 
Crown, this model became a driving force in 
Japan’s motorization.

  The years covered by the first three gen-
erations of the Crown constitute the car’s 
foundational period.

The Crown Comes into Its Own 

Generations 4 to 8

Over the next two decades, the Crown 
matured, developing a unique presence 
sought out by customers.
  Launched in 1971, the fourth generation 
adopted daring new styling for a new image 
in anticipation of intensified competition from 
foreign cars. However, partly due to quality 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

  Then, after Japan’s economic bubble burst 
in 1991, the Japanese economy fell into 
recession, dragging down with it demand for 
luxury vehicles. At the same time, competition 
from imports intensified. The ninth and 10th 
generations of the Crown hit the market amid 
these harsh headwinds. Chief engineer 
Hiroyuki Watanabe inherited the chief engineer 
role from Imaizumi of the “Someday, a Crown” 
days after working under him. Watanabe thus 
came to experience both prosperous and diffi-
cult times for the Crown. With his era, the 
Crown entered a period of transformation.

In the 2000s, Toyota accelerated its advanc-
es overseas, pursuing greater scale in sales and 
production. This gradually led to prioritizing 
models and markets that promised larger sales 
and profits. 
  With Crown sales in steady decline, there 
was growing concern that the model’s end 
might be near. This sparked a sense of crisis 
that drove the development of the 12th- 
generation Crown, launched in 2003.

  Mitsuhisa Kato, who headed development, 
said at the time, “There’s no way I’m going to 
let the Crown end on my watch.” With this 
determination, Kato took on the challenge of 
rebuilding the Crown. He redeveloped the 
platform and engine from scratch to achieve 
world-class driving performance.
  Right around that time, I had just started 
driving training under my mentor, Hiromu 
Naruse. I still remember experiencing firsthand 
the driving performance of the Zero Crown. 
The Zero Crown indicated a new direction—a 
Crown with advanced driving performance.

In 2008, the global financial crisis struck, 

and I was appointed president after the 
Company plunged into the red. Despite the 
difficulties facing Toyota, we persisted in striv-
ing to transform the Crown.
  “Let’s make a car that attracts people at first 
glance! To do that, you can change whatever 
you want.” That’s how I encouraged the devel-
opment team to redesign the Crown. We 
transformed the vehicle styling, renewed the 
vehicle platform, and honed the driving perfor-
mance at the Nürburgring. By doing so, we 
created the 14th-generation “Reborn Crown” 
and the 15th-generation “Connected Crown.”

  Over the past 20 years, we have explored 
Crown’s evolution while facing the challenge 
of the changing times.

A New Crown Story

Then came the time to develop the 16th genera-
tion. To draw a comparison with Japanese histo-
ry, Japan’s final feudal dynasty happened to end 
after 15 generations. I was resolved to do what-
ever it took to create a new era for the Crown.
  So, I asked the development team, “Why 
don’t we go back to our origins and seriously 
think about the next Crown?” With that, 
development of the 16th generation got 
under way. Taking these words to heart, the 
Crown team started revisiting the passion put 
into the Crown by past chief engineers.
  Kenya Nakamura is quoted as saying, 
“Selling things to people with conviction 
means creating something that feels good in 

1 1

one’s heart and has within it the true heart of 
the customer. Only when a customer gets 
behind the wheel of such a car will they say: 
‘This has got my attention. This is what I 
want to drive.’ The chief engineer’s role is to 
offer cars like that to the world.”
  This is the origin of our chief engineer sys-
tem, and I believe it is also the origin of our 
continued efforts to make ever-better cars.
  Two years after they began, the Crown team 
has created a Crown for the coming era. When 
I first saw this new Crown, I said “This looks 
interesting.” And, when I got out of the car after 
driving it, I said, “Now that is a Crown.”
  Today, a new Crown is born—the 16th 
generation. To us, it is similar in significance 
to when Japan welcomed the modern age 
about 150 years ago.

The Development of the New Crown

Hiroki Nakajima
President, Mid-size Vehicle Company

I’d like to tell the story of the new 
Crown’s development. 
  A little more than two years ago, we 
were working on a partial redesign of the 
15th-generation Crown. I shared details of 
the project with President Toyoda, but he 
did not approve it, saying: “Is this truly 
going to result in evolution? Why don’t we 
start thinking more seriously? Maybe we 
should skip a partial redesign.”
  Looking back, I believe those words 
marked the true beginning of the develop-
ment of the 16th-generation Crown. We 
started by revisiting the passions of succes-
sive chief engineers to thoroughly reexamine 
what the Crown was all about.
  We realized anew that there were no fixed 
rules governing the shape of the car or its 
drive system. The only common thread 
since the beginning was the engineers’ spirit 
of innovation and challenge. This prompted 

us to understand how we had tied ourselves 
down with arbitrary rules over time.
  At the time, I recalled the two messages 
President Toyoda had been repeating 
since taking office: “Let’s make ever-better 
cars,” and “let’s aim to be the best in 
town, not the best in the world.” I realized 
that the Crown is a long-time seller 
because the past chief engineers con-
stantly challenged themselves to create an 
ever-better Crown with a best-in-town 
focus to make customers happy.
  This caused us to drastically change 
our approach. We freed ourselves from 
set ways of thinking and started exploring 
a new Crown that would make customers 
happy. That’s how the Crown Crossover’s 
development began.
  President Toyoda gave us the green 
light when we showed him the vehicle’s 
shape and packaging. Around that time, 
he also gave us a new task. He said: 
“Why don’t we also think about a sedan?”
  Frankly, I couldn’t believe what I had 
just heard. But, I thought it was because 
he saw our changes since deciding to 
skip a partial redesign. We had a different 
mindset because we returned to the 
Crown’s origin, and he wanted us to apply 
that mindset to making a sedan version.
  From there, we proposed four different 
models, thinking that we also needed a 
hatchback and a station wagon to meet 
diverse needs. This is how we came to 
the final lineup.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

The Four Versions of the Crown

Let me once again introduce to you our four 
versions of the new Crown.
  First, the Crossover. This Crown is the 
result of fusing a sedan and an SUV. Its 
packaging allows for ease of entry and exit, 
provides an elevated viewpoint, and makes 
the vehicle easy to drive. Its driving perfor-
mance, underpinned by a new hybrid sys-
tem, marks an evolutionary advance, making 
it a sedan like no other.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

  Next, the Sport. This Crown is a new form 
of sporty SUV, a spirited and creative car with 
easy-to-drive packaging that offers an agile 
and sporty driving experience.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

  Third, the Sedan. As an orthodox sedan, 
this Crown was developed with a focus on a 
feeling of quality and comfort, as well as a 
new formal expression. It is also well-suited 
for use as a chauffeured vehicle.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

  Last, the Estate. This Crown, a highly func-
tional SUV, enables users to enjoy driving 
performance with power to spare as well as 
an active lifestyle in a mature atmosphere. 

The rear seats fold to form a completely flat 
cargo area, making this model a cross 
between a station wagon and an SUV.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

  These four models are united under the 
Crown name. Starting with the launch of the 
Crown Crossover, we will roll them out in 
succession over the next year and a half.

Two Initiatives That Made the New 

Crown Possible

Developing these four models at the same 
time was no easy task. What made it possi-
ble were Toyota’s in-house company system 
and the TNGA. We couldn’t have presented 
the new Crown today without them. 
  The first element, the in-house company 
system, was introduced in 2016. Each 
in-house company’s members feel strongly 
attached to and place the highest priority 
on the cars they are in charge of. Each 
company’s mission is to make decisions 
and act on their own initiative.
  At the Mid-size Vehicle Company, we were 
able to put the Crown first and foremost. 
And, as president, I was able to execute the 
project based on my responsibility and judg-
ment. That’s what really mattered.
  We had to review our previous development 
process, thoroughly eliminate waste, and 
secure resources. We placed responsibility 
for the product planning and development 
processes in the hands of a single team, pro-
moting everyone’s awareness of themselves 
and their colleagues as professionals and 
communicating more closely than ever 

1 2

before to accomplish our mission.
  Next, the second element, the TNGA. In 
2012, in pursuit of making ever-better cars, 
we kicked off the TNGA initiative to drastically 
improve basic vehicle performance through 
the integrated development of innovative 
vehicle platforms and powertrains. Over the 
past ten years, the TNGA has matured and 
evolved, enabling us to turn the Crown into a 
series. TNGA-based platforms have 
enhanced basic vehicle performance, includ-
ing styling that entices people at first glance, 
as well as drive and ride quality that makes 
people want to keep on enjoying it.
  The new Crown is even more developed. 
The Crown Sport, for example, offers a stylish 
appearance along with interior comfort and 
usability thanks to a new dedicated platform 
and larger-diameter tires.
  TNGA powertrains, with an emphasis on 
direct and smooth performance, have 
achieved both excellent driving performance 
and fuel efficiency while helping lower vehi-
cles’ center of gravity.
  That evolution has continued. For exam-
ple, in the Crown Crossover, the engine and 
front electric motor are directly connected, 
and the rear wheels have a dedicated large 
electric motor, achieving powerful driving 
with a total output of 350 horsepower and a 
robust 550 newton-meters of torque. This 
model also employs a new hybrid system 
that uses precise four-wheel-drive control of 
vehicle posture.
  The Crown has long served as the flag-
ship of the Toyota brand. We will put all of 
our energy into simultaneously developing 
these Crown models by applying to the full-
est our in-house company system and 
TNGA, building flagship-quality vehicles for 
our customers. I hope you will look forward 
to them.

Japan’s Underlying Strengths for 
the World to Experience

To conclude the presentation, President 
Toyoda spoke about what it means to him 
to bring a car that represents Toyota and 
Japan to the world. 

I believe that the philosophy of producing hap-
piness for all has always been at the core of 
the Crown. This flagship vehicle has repre-
sented Japanese success and pride, joining 
together Japan’s world-class technology and 
skilled workforce. The new Crown is full of 
these underlying strengths.
  That is why, with this series, we will once 
again take on the world. The new Crown will 
be available in approximately 40 countries and 
regions, with an expected annual sales volume 
of some 200,000 units.
  Nothing would make me happier than if we 
could help restore vitality to Japan by making 
the Crown a Japanese car loved round the 
world. I sincerely want the world to know what 
Japan’s Crown is all about.

In closing, let me say a few words to  

customers around the world. I’m so excited to 
announce today that this new Crown family of 
vehicles will be offered not just in Japan, but 
globally, for the very first time. Customers from 
around the world will now get a chance to drive 
this historic Japanese nameplate born out of 
passion, pride, and progress—a car that could 
very well be our crowning achievement!

We hope to create a new story for Japan’s 
Crown with all of you. 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Making Ever-better Cars: From a Starting Point in Motorsports

Recently, President Akio Toyoda has often 
been adding “from a starting point in 
motorsports” when using the phrase 
“ever-better car making.” He spoke about 
the idea behind this at the press conference 
announcing the 2022 TOYOTA GAZOO 
Racing drivers and management members.

In 1952, shortly before 
his death, Toyota 
founder Kiichiro Toyoda 
wrote the following.

Kiichiro Toyoda

“The Japanese automobile production 
industry must master the art of manufac-
turing passenger vehicles. In order to test 
the durability and performance of their 
cars, companies ought to participate in 
auto races, demonstrate the full perfor-
mance of their vehicles, and compete for 
superiority. This will both lead to progress 
in their vehicles and spark the enthusiasm 
of automobile fans. Such races must not 
be regarded as a simple matter of curiosi-
ty, for they are indispensable to the devel-
opment of Japan’s automobile 
manufacturing industry.”

I think that these words provide the core 
principle of “ever-better car making from a 
starting point in motorsports.” There were 
two cars that led me to this core principle.

I rode in the first of these cars with racer 
Kamui Kobayashi at Gamagori four months 
before entering the Super Taikyu 24-hour race. 
It was while I was in the car that I made up my 
mind to enter the race. Although four months 
was hardly enough time for the engineers to 
prepare, I safely finished the 24-hour race as 
well as three subsequent races. For each 
race, they continued to improve the car, mak-
ing it stronger and faster.

The other car is the GR Yaris.
  We made this car for a specific purpose: 
to win the World Rally Championship.
  Until now, Toyota has made its race cars 
by modifying its mass-production cars. 
That was the limit of what we could do. The 
GR Yaris is our attempt to flip this approach 
by designing a race car from the ground 
up. From the initial stages of development, 
we reached out to professional drivers to 
have them drive the car. When problems 
came to light during their drives, they were 
fixed, and then we had them drive the car 
again. Development progressed nimbly, 
and the car evolved into one that is fun to 
drive. As Morizo (my driver name), I part-
nered with this car on the Gamagori dirt 
course for training to hone my driving skills.
  Drive it, break it, fix it, strengthen it, drive it 
again, and break it again. By repeating this 
process, the engineers not only advanced the 
car’s development, they also changed them-
selves. I think that they came to understand 
Kiichiro’s words not just intellectually, but in a 
deeper, visceral way.

1 3

Come to think of it, it has been 14 years 
since Hiromu Naruse and I drove used 
Altezzas in the 24 Hours of Nürburgring 
endurance race. Racing on the streets 
toughens people up and makes cars stron-
ger. I want to enable Toyota to make cars 
that way again. That may be what I have 
been working toward all along.

In 2009, when I became president, I 

implored our employees to make ever-better 
cars. Since then, I often get asked what kind 
of cars are ever-better cars.

I have a certain idea of what makes a bet-

ter car. It’s not necessarily the same as 
someone else’s idea of a better car. What 
makes a better car depends on the driver. It 
is for this reason that cars can only be made 
in the streets and not at a desk.
  However, back in 2009, not many people 
understood what I meant by this. It’s not 
enough to simply tell someone that the 
streets make the car. I knew I had to show 
them what it means. That’s why I continued 
to take part in the 24 Hours of Nürburgring 
endurance race.

“The streets make cars and toughen people 
up” became something of a catchphrase. 
However, changes in car making do not 
happen so fast.
  On the front lines, each department was 

focused on its own specialized area of car 
making, and they were not handling the over-
arching car making process as a united team.
  That was when I first went to Le Mans. It 
was the year after the car driven by Kazuki 
Nakajima, which was in the lead, suffered a 
mechanical failure just before the finish line. 
When I dropped into the pit, the drivers talked 
with me. In a qualifying race, Kamui Kobayashi 
had seized pole position with an astounding 
time. He passed the trophy to me while thank-
ing me. It made me want to get closer to the 
drivers and race alongside them.
  Racing, however, is hard. That year, only 
Kazuki’s car finished the race, with the team 
coming in 8th overall, and 2nd in its class. 
The other two cars had to be retired from 
the race. After the race, the drivers said to 
me, “We’re sorry it won’t be at the very top, 
but would you stand on the winner’s podium 
with us?”

The difference between first and second 
place podium was a height of about 70 cen-
timeters. I thought, is this frustration—this 
second-place podium—the highest we can 
reach? I desperately wanted to help the 
drivers stand at the top. I wanted to prove 
that Toyota could make the kind of strong 
car that they would want to drive. I swore to 
myself, standing on that podium one level 
down, that we would change Toyota to be 
capable of the kind of car making needed to 
achieve that, no matter what.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

That year, we took on another new chal-
lenge: The World Rally Championship, or 
WRC. We entrusted the task of putting 
together a team from scratch to Tommi 
Mäkinen. A legend himself, having won the 
WRC four times, he knew how to win. 
However, that was not the only reason I 
asked for his help. There were many things I 
wanted to learn from him, with his knowl-
edge of a wide range of cars, including 
those of Mitsubishi and Subaru. We made 
only one promise to each other: to make the 
Yaris at the end of the season the strongest 
Yaris ever. The team kept this promise.

Our current team principal, Jari-Matti 
Latvala, was a star driver for other teams 
before Toyota returned to the WRC. He 
was such a star, in fact, that I waited in the 
hotel lobby for him to come out when I first 
went to watch the WRC. Since then, he 
has helped secure numerous victories as a 
Toyota driver, and this season, as team 
principal, became a triple crown holder.
  Over the past five years, Latvala has, 
without a doubt, constantly helped make 
the Yaris stronger as both a driver and prin-
cipal. For next year’s WRC, to which Toyota 
will bring a new car, I am sure he will 

assemble a team of professionals that is 
like a close family and hates to lose.

Recently, I have been deliberately adding 
“from a starting point in motorsports” to the 
phrase “ever-better car making.”
  For 12 years, people have told us that 
there’s no way that Toyota can realize this 
kind of car making. Now, however, Toyota 
has finally changed, realizing a kind of car 
making in which not only its engineers and 
mechanics, but its professional drivers, pro-
fessional engineers, and professional 
mechanics all work together, as a team, to 
advance car making.
  Now that this team has come together, 
we have at last reached the point where we 
can begin ever-better car making from a 
starting point in motorsports.

Motorsports are a  starting point for ever- 
better car.
  We will leverage motorsports to make 
ever-better cars, from the top categories 
driven by professional drivers, to customer 
motorsports driven by amateur racing driv-
ers, the sports cars driven by our many cus-
tomers, and even down family cars, and 
beyond that, automated driving.
  As for myself, what I know is that I love 
cars, and I love driving.

I am very fortunate to now have others who 

love cars, love driving, and are passionate 
about motorsports working alongside me.

1 4

Fuji Motorsports Forest Project

Toyota, Fuji International Speedway Co., 
Ltd., and TOYOTA FUDOSAN CO., LTD. 
are promoting the Fuji Motorsports 
Forest (“Forest”) project in Oyama, 
Shizuoka Prefecture.
  Forest aims to be a playground and 
social gathering place for all ages where 
people can enrich their lives and enjoy 
learning about and participating in the 
world of mobility and motorsports. The 
facilities in the area will offer a variety of 
experiences for everyone from adults to 
children, creating a Mobility and 
Motorsports City of the Future.
  Centered around the Fuji International 
Speedway circuit, Forest will consist of var-
ious facilities where visitors can enjoy 

motorsports culture, such as the Fuji 
Speedway Hotel, which offers a luxury 
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
experience; the Fuji Motorsports Museum, 
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
which exhibits historic racing cars symbol-
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
izing from across the decades; and garag-
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
es of Japan’s leading racing teams. There 
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
are also spas and restaurants for the enjoy-
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ22モモモモモモモモモモ
ment of all visitors. The first facilities 
モモモモ
opened in autumn of 2022. 

社長の豊田からのメッセージ：

モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ

モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモモ
モモモモモモモモモモモモモモ

Message from President Akio Toyoda

May 3, 1966 marked the final race of the 
first Japanese Grand Prix ever held at Fuji 
Speedway. That day, 56 years ago, was 
also my 10th birthday, and my father took 
me to the Fuji Speedway Paddock. I 
remember the roar of the engines and 
cheering of the fans—it was a very excit-
ing birthday present. The “old guys” in 
front of the cars all looked very serious 
but also seemed to be enjoying them-
selves. I think that formative experiences 
like that one helped me grow up into 
Morizo, an old guy who loves cars. An old 
guy who loves motorsports.

I want to share this kind of formative 
experience with the kids of today. That is 
the motivation behind the Fuji Motorsports 

Forest. We want it to be a place where 
people who work in the field of motor-
sports can do so more energetically. We 
want racing teams to gather here with that 
same motivation in mind. If I listed all the 
motivations behind Forest, it would be 
endless. We will turn this area in Fuji into a 
place that those who enjoy motorsports, 
those who work in motorsports, adults and 
children, will want to come to.
  Motorsports are critical for the develop-
ment of the automobile industry. For this 
reason, we will sow the seeds of the future 
of motorsports at Fuji. The speed at which 
they grow may differ, but we will nurture 
these seeds to grow into an incredible for-
est that many people can enjoy.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
Meeting Diverse Global Needs with Our Full Lineup (Toyota and Lexus Vehicle Sales for the Fiscal Year Ended March 2022)

Corolla 

RAV4

Yaris 

Lexus RX 

 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Global

Other
14%

China
20%

Asia
13%

Sales Ratio 
by Region

Japan
15%

North 
America 
27%

Europe
11%

Sales by Series 

(Thousands of units)

Units
1,312
980
743
685
605
466
268
232
221
199

PHEV   1%
BEV  0.2%

Series

Corolla
RAV4
Yaris
Camry
Hilux
Highlander
Tacoma 
C-HR
Levin
Lexus RX

Electrification 
rate

28%

HEV 
27%

Europe

Japan

North America 

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

Electrification 
rate 
61%

PHEV 3%
BEV 1%

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

Electrification 
rate 
41%

PHEV  1%
FCEV 0.1%
BEV  0.1%

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

Yaris 

Corolla 

RAV4 

C-HR 

Aygo 

Proace

Camry 

Hilux 

Land Cruiser Prado 

Lexus UX

215

186

150

114

70

70

48

36

25

20

ICE  
39%

HEV 
57%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

398
587
28
9
1
1,023

Yaris 

Roomy

Corolla 

Hiace 

Aqua 

Raize

Alphard 

Voxy 

Sienta 

Probox

191

134

124

87

85

85

80

58

50

47

HEV 
40%

ICE 
59%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

825
557
10
1
2
1,396

RAV4 

Camry 

Corolla 

Highlander   

Tacoma 

4Runner 

Sienna 

Lexus RX 

Tundra 

Venza

470

312

301

292

267

151

123

111

94

66

PHEV   2%
FCEV 0.1%

Electrification 
rate 
25%

HEV 
23%

ICE 
75%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

1,927
602
59
—
3
2,591

C-HR

Aygo

Proace

Roomy

Hiace 

Aqua 

Camry 

Highlander   

Tacoma 

Hilux 

Innova 

Fortuner 

Levin

Wildlander

Avalon 

Land Cruiser 

Granvia

ICE 72%

Asia (excluding China)

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

Electrification 
rate 
7%

HEV 7%

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Internal combustion engine (ICE)
Hybrid electric vehicle (HEV)
Plug-in hybrid vehicle (PHEV)
Battery electric vehicle (BEV)
Fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV)
Total

Sales
6,808
2,565
116
16
5
9,512

Hilux 

Corolla 

Innova 

Yaris

Fortuner 

Vios

Avanza

Rush

Calya

Raize

214

153

130

114

101

86

78

68

36

33

Corolla 

Camry 

Levin

RAV4 

Highlander

Wildlander

Avalon 

Lexus ES 

Yaris

Vios

305

237

221

199

146

138

113

105

85

70

ICE 
93%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

1,152
90
0
0
—
1,243

1 5

China

Electrification 
rate 
28%

HEV 
27%

PHEV  1%
BEV 0.3%

Sales by Series
(Thousands of units)

Series

Units

Other

Electrification 
rate 
16%

HEV 
16%

ICE 
72%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

1,376
517
17
5
—
1,915

Hilux 

Corolla 

Land Cruiser 

Yaris

RAV4 

Fortuner 

Camry 

Land Cruiser Prado 

Granvia

Rush

315

242

125

117

90

62

60

59

30

30

ICE 
84%

(Thousands of units)

Powertrain 

Sales

ICE
HEV
PHEV
BEV
FCEV
Total

1,130
211
1
0
0
1,343

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality: Battery EV Strategies

Toyota Reveals Full Lineup 
of Battery Electric 
Vehicles: Toyota’s Briefing 
on BEV Strategies

Toyota Strengthens BEV Lineup 
to Keep Offering Options for 
Everyone (Full Text of President 
Toyoda’s Presentation)

our mission as a global company.
  For that challenge, we need to reduce  
CO2 emissions as much as possible, as soon 
as possible.
  We are living in a diversified world and in 
an era in which it is hard to predict the 
future. Therefore, it is difficult to make every-
one happy with a one-size-fits-all option. 
That is why Toyota wants to prepare as 
many options as possible for our customers 
around the world.
  We believe that all electrified vehicles can be 
divided into two categories, depending on the 
energy that they use.
  One category is that of “carbon-reducing 
vehicles.” If the energy that powers vehicles is 
not clean, the use of an electrified vehicle, no 
matter what type it might be, would not result 
in zero CO2 emissions.
  The other category is that of “carbon-neutral 
vehicles.” Vehicles in this category run on 
clean energy and achieve zero CO2 emis-
sions across the whole process of their use. 
We at Toyota will do our utmost to realize 
such vehicles.

The Toyota bZ Series Revealed

The Toyota bZ means going “beyond Zero.”
  Our goal is not merely to reduce CO2 
emissions and other negative impacts to zero. 
Our goal goes beyond that, to freedom of 
movement and fun to drive for all.
  For the bZ series, we developed a dedicated 
platform for BEVs to meet the diverse needs of 
the global market.
  We will not only add BEV options to existing 
vehicle models but will also offer a full lineup of 
reasonably priced mass-production models, 
such as the bZ series, to meet the needs of all 

kinds of customers.
  By doing so, we hope to deliver to custom-
ers around the world unique and beautiful 
styling, the fun-to-drive aspects of BEVs, and 
the experience of a life with BEVs.

Offering a Full Lineup of BEVs

Toyota is a global company supported by 
customers around the world.
  The Toyota brand now offers more than 100 
models of engine-only vehicles, hybrid electric 
vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and 
fuel cell electric vehicles in more than 170 
countries and regions.
  The Lexus brand has introduced more than 
30 models of engine-only vehicles, hybrid 
electric vehicles, and plug-in hybrid electric 
vehicles in more than 90 countries and regions.
  Furthermore, we will expand the options for 
carbon neutral vehicles by offering a full lineup 
of BEVs. Specifically, we plan to roll out 30 
BEV models by 2030, globally offering a full 
lineup of BEVs in the passenger and commer-
cial segments.

Many Years of Accumulated Experience 

Gives Toyota a Competitive Edge

We aim to achieve global sales of 3.5 million 
BEVs per year by 2030.
  By 2030, Lexus aims to realize a full lineup 
of BEVs in all vehicle categories and to have 
BEVs account for 100 percent of its vehicle 
sales in Europe, North America, and China, for 
total sales of 1 million units globally. And, it 
aims for BEVs to make up 100 percent of its 
global vehicles sales in 2035.

On December 14, 2021, Toyota held a briefing on 
its battery electric vehicle (BEV) strategy.
  Toyota announced at the briefing that it is 
boosting its plans for BEV sales in 2030 from 2 
million to 3.5 million units and that Lexus is aiming 
for BEVs to account for 100 percent of its sales in 
Europe, North America, and China by the same 
year, followed by BEVs accounting for 100 per-
cent of its sales globally starting in 2035.
  These ambitious figures and the array of 
planned-for-launch BEVs on the stage at the 
briefing led some observers to suggest that 
Toyota, which had been viewed by some as not 
having a positive position on BEVs, had changed 
its policy and shifted to focusing on BEVs. 
However, in his presentation, President Akio 
Toyoda stressed the importance of having diverse 

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

options. He also shared his sentiments regarding 
the people of the automotive industry. The follow-
ing is a selection from his remarks.

Toyota’s Part for Carbon Neutrality

Today, I would like to talk about Toyota’s 
strategy for achieving carbon neutrality—par-
ticularly our strategy for battery electric vehi-
cles (BEVs), which represent one of the most 
promising options.

I believe that achieving carbon neutrality 
means realizing a world in which all people 
living on this planet continue to live happily. We 
want to help realize such a world. This has 
been and will continue to be Toyota’s wish and 

1 6

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  To achieve these goals, we have invested in 
various areas for a long time.

  To achieve these goals, we have invested in 
various areas for a long time.

In the area of vehicle development, in 1997, 

Toyota launched the Prius, the world’s first 
mass-production hybrid electric vehicle. But, in 
fact, our development of BEVs had started well 
before that.

In 1992, we established the Electric Vehicle 
Development Division, and we introduced the 
RAV4 EV to the market in 1996.
  After that, in the 2000s, we demonstrated 
our small prototype commuter EV e-com in 
various places. Furthermore, in 2012, we 
introduced the COMS, an ultra-compact EV, 
and the compact eQ EV. Thus, we have long 
explored the potential of BEVs. 
  We launched the C+pod and C+walk this year 
and have accelerated the development of BEVs, 
including the e-Palette, that provide people with 
freedom of movement in various scenes.
  At the same time that we started the develop-
ment of BEVs in the early 1990s, we also began 
the development of fuel cell electric vehicles, 
which run on hydrogen. In 2002, we introduced 
the Toyota FCHV to the market and went through 
various demonstrations. In 2008, the vehicle was 
redesigned into the Toyota FCHV-adv.
  Based on such long-term efforts, in 2014, 
the first-generation Mirai was finally launched. 
Since then, using these technologies to power 
other vehicles, such as buses and large trucks, 

our fuel cell electric vehicles have also contin-
ued to evolve.

In the area of batteries, Toyota has contin-
ued to research, develop, and produce batter-
ies in-house for many years.

In 1996, we established what is today 
Prime Earth EV Energy. While refining our 
technologies related to nickel-metal hydride 
batteries, we started accelerating the devel-
opment of lithium-ion batteries in 2003.
  Furthermore, since establishing our Battery 
Research Division in 2008, we have been 
advancing research on solid-state batteries 
and other next-generation batteries. Last year, 
we established Prime Planet Energy & 
Solutions to accelerate integrated efforts in the 
battery business.
  Over the past 26 years, we have invested 
nearly 1 trillion yen and produced more than 
19 million batteries. We believe that our 
accumulated experience is an asset that 
gives us a competitive edge. Going forward, 
we will increase our new investment in 
batteries from the 1.5 trillion yen announced 
in September 2021 to 2 trillion yen, aiming to 
realize even more advanced, high-quality, 
and affordable batteries.
  When it comes to natural resources, Toyota 
Tsusho began conducting lithium and other 
surveys as early as 2006 and has been work-
ing to secure stable sources.
  And, in the area of energy, Toyota Tsusho 
has been working to secure renewable energy 
sources, such as wind and solar power gener-
ation, for more than 30 years.
  Furthermore, at manufacturing plants, we 
are aiming to achieve carbon neutrality by 
2035 by continuously making steady improve-
ments toward reducing energy use and by 
expanding the use of innovative production 
engineering technology.

In this diversified and uncharted era, it is 

important to flexibly change the type and 
quantity of products produced while keeping 
an eye on market trends.
  We believe that the reduction in lead times 
and use of high-mix, low-volume production 
methods that we have cultivated through the 
Toyota Production System, along with the 
steady efforts of Japanese manufacturing, will 
enable us to be competitive going forward.
  We will continue to advance initiatives in all 
areas together with our many partners.

“The Future Is to Be Created by All of Us.”

Energy plays a critical role in achieving carbon 
neutrality. At present, the energy situation 
varies greatly from region to region. That is 
exactly why Toyota is committed to providing a 
diversified range of carbon-neutral options to 
meet whatever the needs and situations might 
be in every country and region.

It is not us but local markets and our cus-
tomers who decide which options to choose.
  As for why we try to keep so many options 
open, in terms of business management, one 
might think it would be more efficient to focus 
on fewer choices. However, we believe that 
being able to quickly adapt to changes in the 
future is more important than trying to predict 
the future, which is uncertain. That is why we 
want to keep options available for our custom-
ers until the right path is clear.
  We at Toyota aim to be a company that 
contributes to the global environment, seeks to 
bring happiness to people, acts, and stays 
close to its customers. To sum it up, we want 
to become a company that produces happi-
ness for all, for both individuals and society.
  We want to pass on an ever-better future 

1 7

  Woven City

for the children of today and those who will 
come after them. We always want the future 
to be brighter.

I believe that the future is to be created by 
all of us together. Japan’s automotive industry 
is home to our 5.5 million colleagues who 
have supported Japanese manufacturing and 
mobility. And, we have many more colleagues 
throughout the world.

If we all take action with unity of mind and 
with will and passion, we will be able to leave 
behind many smiling faces and a beautiful 
Earth for the next generation.
  That is what I believe and that is what we 
will achieve.

Investing Up to 730 Billion Yen in 
Battery Production

In August 2022, Toyota announced that it will 

invest up to 730 billion yen in Japan and the 

United States toward supplying automotive 

batteries for BEVs, aiming to begin battery 

production between 2024 and 2026.

  Through this investment, we aim to boost 

production capacity by up to 40 GWh. Toyota 

will continue working to build a supply system 

that can steadily meet the growing demand for 

BEVs around the world.

(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Answers to Five Questions 
about Toyota’s BEV Strategy 
(Report on Media Q&A Session)

“Do you like  
battery EVs?” Akio  
Toyoda’s Response

At a Q&A session with the media after his presenta-

tion, President Akio Toyoda talked about his ideas.

Is This a Strictly BEV Shift or Part of a 

Multi-solution Approach?

—— Going forward, are you going to focus more 
on BEVs than other electrified vehicles? Or has 
your strategy of BEVs being just one part of a 
full lineup of electrified vehicles not changed?

Akio
We have made the utmost efforts toward 
achieving carbon neutrality, and we will contin-
ue to do so going forward.
  Toyota is a global company with a full lineup 
of products. We have seen changes in the 
energy situation in each country, and the way 
customers use vehicles is diversifying.

It is the customers, not we at Toyota, who 
choose which options to use. So, no solution 
will come from our decision alone.
  What we will do is have a wider range of 
available options, and make serious efforts 
across our full lineup of options.
  We want to be prepared to meet customer 
and market expectations and preferences 
more quickly, and more flexibly. In this way, I 
believe that we will be able to enhance our 
competitiveness, and that is how we will be 
able to survive.
  Just because I drive a hydrogen-powered 
vehicle, it does not mean that I am prioritizing it 
over others.
  All of our employees, suppliers, affiliated 
companies, and the 5.5 million people work-
ing in the automobile industry, have made 
serious efforts in Japan toward achieving 
carbon neutrality.
  Toyota does business worldwide, and our 

full lineup of products is key to our global 
operations. I hope you see that we are putting 
our all into this approach.

  Toyota vehicles are used all over the world to fill 
various needs, not just for one particular market 
or one specific need.

Why Not Pursue 100% BEVs across the 

Thoughts on Preserving Jobs

Whole Lineup?

—— As the largest carmaker in the world, why 
are you targeting only 35 percent of your 
current volume? Why not go for 100 or 50 
percent BEVs, as many of your competitors 
have now done? Why is 3.5 million sufficient in 
your mind?

Akio
With a baseline toward 2035, we want to 
increase our carbon-neutral vehicle offerings 
as much as possible.
  However, the energy situations in individual 
countries are having a big impact on the path 
to carbon neutrality. That is the reality. I hope 
you understand that this is something Toyota 
cannot control.

If no sufficient clean energy and charging 
infrastructure exists in a market, expanding our 
BEVs and limiting options will result in inconve-
niencing customers. We want to avoid that.
  When we look at the global market, it is a 
diversified market that we are dealing with, and 
that is what Toyota does. Diverse solutions are 
necessary in diverse situations. Also, the best 
solution for the average person will not neces-
sarily be the best solution for everyone.
  Therefore, as we are in uncharted territory 
with lots of uncertainty about the future, we 
want to take a diversified approach. That is why 
we have worked hard to maintain our full lineup. 
We will take on this challenge together with our 
suppliers, affiliated companies, and partners. 
That is what I would like you to understand.

—— Your suppliers are closely watching this 
announcement, since some of them could 
face major impacts. What are your thoughts 
on employment within the industry?

Akio
First of all, it is the market and customers who 
decide which carbon-neutral options to 
choose. This is the premise here.
  The numbers related to carbon neutrality that 
we have heard so far are goals for 2040 or 2050.
  We don’t want to be a company that sets an 
appealing target but doesn’t bother trying to 
achieve it once the announcement is done. 
What we are announcing today is a bit more in 
the near term. Many of the cars that you are 
looking at right now will be launched on the 
market very soon.
  Looking at the run up to 2030, what we 
presented today will be a good tool to start 
discussions and take action with various 
stakeholders while leaving room to imagine 
more what the next eight years will be like.
  By presenting a guideline in the product 
planning area, we will be able to examine the 
potential impact on our suppliers or our pro-
duction plants.
  The automotive industry accounts for 75% of 
the components procured from suppliers and 
there are tier one, tier two and tier three suppli-
ers supporting the industry. Even if we empha-
size the importance of keeping many options 
available, any shift toward carbon neutrality can 
be a critical issue for suppliers who have until 
now produced only engine-related parts.

  We can’t just tell these suppliers that we 
have no use for them anymore because 
that’s what the market chose. I would like to 
evolve the automotive industry such that the 
people and companies who have been 
pursuing existing businesses for decades will 
not feel that their efforts were in vain, and we 
will continue to show respect for their mean-
ingful work.
  The future is not determined by the goals 
presented by leaders, but by purposeful 
passion and action. Looking toward the goal 
for carbon neutrality in 2050, what the future 
looks like in 2050 will change depending on 
how we act in the next few years, five years, 
and ten years, and we want to make the 
change happen.
  The future will not suddenly emerge from the 
present; rather, the future will be created by the 
accumulation of present moments as they 
become the past. We hope that you will allow 
us to leave many options open in this process.
It is not true that we are not fully committed 
because our goal is not 100% BEVs. We hope 
you will understand that we would very much 
like to continue our work in this industry.

Evaluation by Environmental Groups 

and the Future of Engines and BEVs

—— An environmental group put Toyota at the 
bottom of the climate action rankings. Let 
me ask you again. What is Toyota’s position 
on BEVs? Also, what is the future plan for 
engine development?

Akio
It is their ranking, and we take it seriously, but 
if we are still not considered proactive toward 
BEVs with our 3.5 million BEV target and 30 

1 8

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

new models to come, I have to ask, what 
exactly are we supposed to do to improve  
our evaluation?
  Vehicles are for individual customers. One 
vehicle, one customer. It’s not a percentage 
business, so it’s the absolute numbers that we 
want them to look at when evaluating.
  No matter how many vehicles we sell, we 
will make and deliver them to customers one 
by one, without compromise.
  Whatever powertrain they use, or whatever 
type of BEV they may be, Toyota and Lexus 
vehicles should continue to offer the value of 
fun to drive. We will continue to make products 
with that unique Toyota and Lexus character 
that makes customers happy.
  We will continue to take proactive action for 
carbon neutrality. In a world where there is no 
one right answer, we are committed to solving 
problems with a wide variety of options. We 
hope you understand that we are working 
really hard on every option.
  President Toyoda stressed the importance of 
Toyota’s multi-solution strategy while strength-
ening BEVs. This represents not only Toyota’s 
way of fighting for the future, but also its history 
of listening to customers and responding to 
their needs.

(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)

In other words, it is the result of Toyota’s 

commitment to diversity.
  Toyota is now moving with all its power 
toward carbon neutrality while leaving no one 
in the industry behind, and without giving up 
on any technology that still has potential.
  This strong will to leave no one behind has 
been, and will continue to be, at the center of 
Toyota’s full-lineup strategy.

“Do you Like BEVs?”

During the question and answer session, there was a 

moment in which President Akio Toyoda revealed his 

candid thoughts.

—— I was quite surprised with today’s an-
nouncement, but what I want to know more 
about are President Toyoda’s true feelings 
about BEVs. Personally, President Toyoda, do 
you like BEVs or not? If it’s difficult to respond 
as the president of the company, you can 
respond as driver Morizo.

Akio
If I have to answer, honestly, in the past I was 
not interested in Toyota’s BEVs, but I am 
getting interested in the BEVs that we are 
now developing for the future.
  After improving my driving skills, I test-
drove a battery electric Toyota 86 for the first 
time here at MEGA WEB. The comment that I 
gave after my test drive was that “Yep, it’s an 
electric vehicle.”
  We have the Lexus brand and the Toyota 
brand, and we are an OEM pursuing distinc-
tiveness in each brand. But when it comes to 
BEVs, the car tends to become more like  
a commodity.

I think you saw through to my honest 

feeling. Of course, I support BEVs in terms of 

1 9

business, but the question is whether I sup-
port them as driver Morizo.

I’m a master driver, and in the training I 
went through back in the day, I always drove 
an FR vehicle. But, I now participate in rally 
races and the Super Taikyu races. In these 
motorsports, I drive four-wheel drive vehicles 
as well.
  My sensibility as a master driver has 
changed with these vehicles. I now think that 
electric motors have higher efficiency than 
gasoline-only-powered vehicles. If we have a 
good four-wheel drive platform, it can be-
come an FF vehicle or an FR vehicle through 
control technology.
  So, with that kind of control technology, I 
think Morizo will be able to drive fast and 
safely on any circuit or rally course.
  Nori-san (rally driver Norihiko Katsuta) has 
won the All-Japan Rally Championship this 
year. The professional drivers of ROOKIE 
Racing are very active in various motorsports 
circuits. Seeing these achievements, I have 
growing expectations that the driving skills of 
these professional drivers will be reflected in 
our vehicles to make them safer and more fun 
to drive. 
  At the same time, this platform has enabled 
us to make vehicles that allow amateur drivers 
like me to enjoy driving on various roads, 
however rough, whether it’s a mountainous 
road or snowy road or whatever. This is a big 
change for our company.
  Control technology plays a key role there, 
but it alone can’t push major improvements. If 
we try to create driving flavor only through 
control technology, it’s like trying to dress up 
overcooked noodles by adding crispy tempura.
  But, over the past several years, starting 
with our Toyota New Global Architecture 
(TNGA) initiatives, we have made steady 

  Woven City

improvements in the vehicles’ basic frame, 
chassis, and body rigidity under the banner of 
“let’s make ever- better cars.” We also 
opened the Shimoyama proving ground, and 
we are now testing and developing cars under 
tough conditions there.
  With this environment, I think we are now at 
a point where we can develop safer and faster 
vehicles with more fun-to-drive aspects. I look 
forward to developing such cars, including 
BEVs, moving forward.
  That’s why it’s not just a business matter 
anymore. As driver Morizo, I have strong 
expectations for and a desire to give my 
feedback to our development, such as “mak-
ing this kind of car would be fun” or “as an 
automaker we want to create autonomous 
driving that is unique, even in an era of autono-
mous driving.”
  We will continue to make serious efforts in 
BEVs and other powertrains, such as fuel  
cell electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, 
and gasoline-only vehicles that make  
exciting sounds.

I’m still quite serious about them as Morizo 
and as the president of Toyota. We’re working 
with our colleagues and partners very seriously 
in all of these fields. We want to provide 
customers with vehicles that can make  
them happy.

This comment could only come from Akio, who 
takes the wheel himself and is responsible for 
the driving feel of Toyota vehicles as Master 
Driver Morizo. “We will continue to make 
ever-better cars with BEVs”—this might be the 
very message that he wanted to convey the 
most to car enthusiasts.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality: The Development and Supply of Batteries

Integration with Vehicles—
The Strengths of Toyota’s Battery 
Development Strategy

Blazing a Path toward the Future of 
Electrified Vehicles through the 
Integrated Development of Batteries 
and Vehicles

Toyota’s Plans for a Full Lineup of Batteries

In addition to promoting a full lineup of electrified 
vehicles, we have been developing and manufac-
turing a full lineup of batteries. These develop-
ment efforts are organized by type of electrified 
vehicle. For HEVs, our focus is on power output, 
or instantaneous power, while for PHEVs and 
BEVs, our focus is on capacity, what we might 
call “endurance.”

Bipolar Nickel-metal Hydride Battery

Battery stack

  As for batteries for HEVs, we have been continu-
ously upgrading nickel-metal hydride batteries and 
lithium-ion batteries, taking advantage of their 
respective characteristics. In particular, we took on 
the challenge of developing a bipolar nickel-metal 
hydride battery for the Aqua, which underwent a 
full-scale redesign completed in July 2021. Thanks 
to our efforts, we are the first in the world to 
commercialize this type of onboard battery for 
driving. Compared with the batteries used in the 
previous generation of the Aqua, the output density 
has been doubled, giving the car powerful acceler-
ation. We are currently engaged in development 
aimed at creating more advanced lithium-ion 
batteries by the second half of the 2020s.

In the new Aqua—the world’s first use as  
a vehicle drive battery 

Battery 
module

Conventional 
structure 

Battery stack

Bipolar
structure 

Battery module

Current collector

Anode

Separator

Cathode

Case

Taking up the challenge of innovating battery structure for more powerful acceleration 
Power density doubled from the conventional batteries for the Aqua

LCA (Life Cycle Assessment)

What Is Carbon Neutrality?
In the case of industrial 
products, carbon 
neutrality means 
reducing CO2 emissions 
to net zero throughout 
the product life cycle, 
from the procurement of 
raw materials, manufac-
turing, and transportation 
through to use, recycling, 
and disposal.

Battery recycling

Battery recycling

MATERIALS

PARTS

Materials 

Parts 
manufacturing 

Vehicle 
production

Battery reuse

Battery collection

Well to Wheel

Vehicle driving 
Tank to Wheel

Disposal 

Energy

Renewable energy 
generation

Thermal power 
generation

Fuel production
Well to tank

Striking a Balance among Five Factors

Toyota’s Efforts for Batteries That 

To develop batteries that our customers can use 
with peace of mind, we focus on producing 
products that optimally balance five factors: 
safety, long service life, high-level quality, good 
yet affordable, and outstanding performance.
  For example, a longer service life affects a 
vehicle’s residual value. In terms of cruising 
range, outstanding performance based on high 
energy density is crucial. On the other hand, 
over-emphasis on charging speed may increase 
the danger of overheating or even fire and thus 
decrease battery safety.
  This concept has remained unchanged since 
batteries were installed in the first-generation 
Prius, and it applies to all the batteries in all of 
our electrified vehicles.
  Toyota is committed to balancing the five 
factors, as too much emphasis on one could be 
detrimental to the others. That is why we believe 
that the integrated development of batteries and 
vehicles is essential.
  How batteries are used depends on how the 
vehicles in which they are installed are used. 
The environments in which vehicles are operat-
ed differ according to each vehicle’s mode of 
use—as a taxi or for commuting, for example—
as well as geographic location. These factors 
will affect such conditions as charging frequen-
cy and battery temperature. Accordingly, we 
carry out mock driving tests that assume a 
diverse range of vehicle usage modes in order 
to obtain data on actual operating environments 
and provide feedback to inform the evaluation 
and design of batteries.
  To determine the balancing point of the five 
factors discussed above, it is necessary to 
obtain driving data that includes driving condi-
tions and usage environments, find out what the 
conditions would be like if batteries were used 
instead, and repeatedly verify what is happening 
inside the batteries. Such steady and earnest 
efforts for both batteries and vehicles are the 
secret behind Toyota’s advantages.

Enable Peace of Mind

Here, we introduce three examples of the effort 
required to produce batteries that can be used 
safely, using lithium-ion batteries as the focus of 
our explanation.
  The first example is about our pursuit of safety. 
It is known that each battery cell shows signs of 
localized abnormal heat generation during spirited 
driving or other driving that places a large load on 
the battery. By analyzing the phenomena occur-
ring inside the battery and conducting a vast 
number of model experiments, we have been able 
to clarify the effect of driving style on the battery, 
as well as the mechanism of this effect. Based on 
the results, we have been able to detect signs of 
abnormal local heating of cells through multiple 
monitoring of voltage, current, and temperature of 
individual cells, blocks of cells, and the entire 
battery pack. The battery is then controlled to 
prevent abnormal heat generation. We adhere to 
our concept of ensuring safety, security, and 
reliability right down to the local areas within each 
battery when it comes to BEV systems. 
  The second example is our commitment to long 
service life. We have applied the technologies that 
we have cultivated through the development of 
batteries for HEVs to PHEVs, and the batteries in 
the C-HR BEV have a much higher capacity 
retention rate after 10 years than the batteries 
hitherto used in our PHEVs. The battery in the 
Toyota bZ4X, which was launched in 2022, was 
developed targeting world-class capacity reten-
tion of 90 percent after 10 years.*
*  Estimated value is calculated assuming average usage set by Toyota 

using individual battery cells. Actual battery capacity retention ratio when 
installed in a vehicle environment may vary depending on customer use 
conditions, usage environment, and driving methods. Therefore, a 90% 
battery capacity retention ratio after 10 years is not guaranteed.
  The third example has to do with our efforts to 
achieve high-level quality. If metallic foreign matter 
enters a battery during the manufacturing process 
and causes a direct electrical connection between 
the anode and cathode, the possibility of product 
failure increases. To address this issue, we confirm 
the shape, composition, size, and possible effect on 
endurance of every piece of foreign matter that could 
enter during the manufacturing process, and we 

2 0

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate DataDoubled power density Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

clarify how that item may affect the battery. Based 
on this analysis, we are extremely attentive to the 
size and shape of foreign matter, and we are manag-
ing processes in a way that is aimed at preventing 
the generation or entry of relevant foreign matter.

Halving Battery Costs through the Integrated 

Development of Vehicles and Batteries

To popularize BEVs, we strive to reduce costs via 
the integrated development of vehicles and batter-
ies to provide BEVs at a reasonable price. 
  To start with, we aim to reduce the costs of 
batteries themselves by 30% or more by develop-
ing materials and structures. Then, for the vehicle, 
we aim to improve power consumption, which is 
an indicator of the amount of electricity used per 
unit of distance, by 30%, starting with the Toyota 
bZ4X. Improved power efficiency leads to reduced 
requirements for battery capacity, which will result 
in a cost reduction.
  Through the integrated development of vehicles 
and batteries, we aim to reduce the battery cost 
per vehicle by 50% compared to the Toyota bZ4X 
in the second half of the 2020s. 

Using Solid-state Batteries Starting with HEVs

In the near future, the energy density of conven-
tional lithium-ion batteries per unit of weight is 
expected to peak. Accordingly, vigorous efforts 
are now under way to develop next-generation 
lithium-ion batteries, aiming to achieve longer 
service life, greater energy density, more compact 
size, and lower costs. At Toyota, we push ahead 
with the development of such batteries by em-
ploying the following three approaches.
  For liquid batteries, which use a liquid electro-
lyte, we are taking on the challenge of realizing 
material evolution and structural innovation. In 
addition to these two approaches, we are aiming 
to commercialize all-solid-state batteries that 
employ a solid electrolyte instead of a  
liquid electrolyte.
  As such, our wide-ranging development efforts 
are aimed at creating three types of batteries. By 
the second half of the 2020s, we hope to im-
prove the characteristics of each type so that we 
can provide batteries that can be used with 
peace of mind.
  With regard to all-solid-state batteries, we 
promote development aimed at achieving higher 

output, longer cruising range, and shorter 
charging times. In June 2020, we built a vehicle 
equipped with all-solid-state batteries and con-
ducted test runs on a test course to obtain driving 
data. Based on that data, we continued to make 
improvements, and in August 2020, we obtained 
license plate registration for vehicles equipped 
with all-solid-state batteries and conducted test 
drives on actual roads.

In the course of development, we discovered 

that the fast movement of ions within all-solid-
state batteries could enable them to achieve 
higher output. On the other hand, we found that 
these batteries tend to deteriorate faster due to 
the formation of gaps within the solid electrolyte, 
posing an issue of shorter service life. Therefore, 
continued development of the solid electrolyte 
materials themselves is needed.
  We will start the introduction of all-solid-state 
batteries in HEVs, as these vehicles require high 
output and we have a wealth of accumulated 
know-how regarding these vehicles. We will 
release these batteries to the market as soon as 
possible in order to gain customer feedback and 
continue to improve them.

Flexible Battery Supply

With the rapid expansion of EV usage, we are 
working to build a flexible system that can stably 
supply the required volume of batteries at the 
required time while meeting the needs of various 
customers around the world.
  To this end, we will establish the necessary 
technologies by conducting a certain amount of 
in-house production in the pursuit of our battery 
development concept of achieving batteries that 
can be used with peace of mind. We will then 
cooperate and collaborate with partners who 
understand and will put this concept into practice. 
We will also proceed with discussions with new 
partners in some regions.
  Our approach to production within the Group 
can be described as “starting up using small basic 
units.” This approach draws on lessons learned 
from the global financial crisis. It is difficult to 
notice latent risks when production is growing. 
Because of this, we have to take a risk-controlled 
approach to growth based on Toyota’s philosophy 
of “making only what is needed, when it is need-
ed, and only in the amount needed.”
  For example, the production of all-solid-state 

Technologies Supporting the Full Lineup 
of Electrified Vehicles

Toyota Concept for Battery Development
Universally applied to HEV, PHEV, BEV, and FCEV batteries 

Core electrification 
technologies

Fuel cell 
stacks 

High-pressure 
hydrogen 
tanks

Electric motors

Chargers 

Batteries

Engines

FCEV

BEV

PHEV

HEV

Power control 
units

CO2-free fuels

e-fuel  Biofuel

Security

Safety

Long  
service life

High-level 
quality

Aiming to create safe batteries that can 
always be used with peace of mind over 
their entire lifetime, have high resale value, 
and that contribute to the building of 
a resource-recycling society

Affordable,
high-quality
products

High-level
performance

Giving electrified vehicles meaning  
through dissemination 
Increasing customer choice

Highly balancing 5 factors to provide 
reliable batteries

Next-generation BEVs

1996

2012

2019

2022

RAV4 L EV

RAV4 EV

C-HR/IZOA

TOYOTA bZ series  First model: Toyota bZ4X

Unique Toyota BEVs that utilize technology cultivated through years of HEV development 

Battery Cost Targets: Integrated Vehicle-battery Development

Battery development

Vehicle development

Greater than 30% 
reduction in the cost of 
a single battery

•  Development of low-cost materials: Cobalt-free, nickel-free, and 

new electrode materials

•  Manufacturing process innovation: New development of battery 

manufacturing processes and battery material processes

•  New structure: Integrated structure of battery cells and packs to 

match the vehicle

•  Evolution of battery control model: Fuller use of battery capacity 

with a focus on safety, security, and long service life

2 1

C-HR/IZOA

TOYOTA bZ4X
Future BEVs

30% improvement in power 
efficiency = 30% reduction 
in battery capacity 
 (30% cost reduction)

kWh/km

Power efficiency

30%

Achieve the following by utilizing and developing technologies cultivated 
through the production of electrified vehicles:
•  Reduction of vehicle driving resistance to suit electrified vehicles
•  Further expansion of energy regeneration
•  Optimal energy/thermal management of entire vehicle and components
•  Optimally efficient design and control of entire powertrain system

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

batteries will start with batteries for HEVs, which 
we have been developing for years and require a 
small battery volume, rather than building a 
massive production line for batteries for BEVs, 
which require a larger volume of batteries. This will 
not only enable us to accelerate the release of the 
products but also position us to better focus on 
improving manufacturing technologies. Moreover, 
Toyota’s strategy of “starting up using small basic 
units” is also meant to enable the Company to 
swiftly respond to the ever-changing stages of the 
product cycle, in which new technologies arrive as 
the manufacturing costs for older models come 
down and stabilize.

Effective Reduction of CO   Emissions 

2

with Few Batteries

Since the introduction of the first-generation Prius 
in 1997, Toyota has introduced PHEVs, FCEVs, 
and BEVs while continuing to improve their perfor-
mance. Our more than 20 years of producing HEVs 
have resulted in cumulative sales reaching 19.8 
million units as of March 2022.

  According to a Toyota estimate, the CO2 emis-
sions reduction effect of three HEVs is equivalent to 
the reduction effect of one BEV. Accordingly, 
Toyota’s HEVs sold to date achieve a CO2 reduc-
tion effect equivalent to about 6.0 million BEVs. The 
volume of batteries for HEVs that we have pro-
duced thus far is the same as that of the batteries 
for about 280,000 BEVs. In other words, we can 
say that the batteries needed for 280,000 BEVs 
have been used to achieve the CO2 emissions 
reduction effect of 6.0 million BEVs.

Providing the Fuel Cell System of the 

Second-generation Mirai Globally 

In the field of fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs), we 
released the completely redesigned Mirai in 
December 2020. Premised on the use of an FCEV 
system, the second-generation Mirai was devel-
oped with the goal of delivering a futuristic premi-
um car that would be genuinely appreciated and 
sought after by our customers. Specifically, we 
strove to deliver a vehicle that could win drivers’ 
hearts during and after driving, if not from the 

moment they first catch sight of it.
  Moreover, Toyota aims to become a fuel cell 
(FC) system supplier supporting the realization of 
a hydrogen-powered society. In line with this aim, 
we provide a variety of business operators with a 
compact FC system module package that we 
have developed. This package consists of FC 
stacks for the second-generation Mirai, which 
boast higher performance, as well as air supply, 
hydrogen supply, cooling, power control, and 
other FC system-related parts.

In North America, we have unveiled a new 

prototype for an FC commercial heavy-duty truck 
that uses the second-generation FC system 
installed on the new Mirai. This truck boasts 
considerably improved performance, including 
more powerful acceleration and flexible driving 
response. Furthermore, having attained a maxi-
mum loaded weight of 80,000 pounds (approxi-
mately 36 tons) and a cruising range of 300 miles 
(more than 480 kilometers), the truck is designed 
to accommodate a wide range of commercial 
truck needs. We will conduct the verification 
testing of this new FC truck in actual cargo 
transport operations.

Next-generation Lithium-ion Batteries

Aims

Outlook of and Challenges Associated with 
All-solid-state Batteries
Merits of all-solid-state batteries 

Longer  
service life

Greater  
energy density

More  
compact size

Lower cost

Simple ion  
movement (fast)

High voltage  
tolerance

High temperature 
tolerance

Battery Procurement and Collaboration Structure 

BYD subsidiary: 
Transferred 
relevant project 
in 2021

Evolution in liquid 
battery materials

Innovation in liquid 
battery structure

All-solid-state 
batteries

Early realization of  
use in HEVs 

Utilizing ion speed 
for high-output 
batteries 

R&D for future use in BEVs

Key issues: Securing the service life 
of high-capacity batteries 

New battery

After long-term use

Liquid electrolyte

Solid electrolyte

Prismatic

New Structure

Laminated

Development of 
process for bonding 
solid materials

Now developing materials to reduce 
the occurrence of gaps

n
o
i
t
i
s
o
p
m
o
C

e
r
u
t
c
u
r
t
S

Taking on the challenge of developing a wide range 
of batteries for the second half of the 2020s
Providing BEVs equipped with batteries with 
improved characteristics that enable driving with 
peace of mind

First considering vehicles that can best utilize 
the characteristics of all-solid-state batteries
Overcoming challenges and envisioning rollout 
from HEVs to BEVs

Future direction based on local conditions 
Strengthen collaboration with partners and 
consider new cooperative structures 
Rapid start-up of production within  
the Toyota Group

2 2

  Woven City

Utilizing e-Fuel Made from Hydrogen

To achieving carbon neutrality, we are also 
considering a revolutionary approach expected 
to drastically curb CO2 emissions through the 
combination of such carbon-neutral fuels as 
biofuel and e-Fuel made from hydrogen with 
high-efficiency engine and motor technologies. 
Not only is the above approach practicable via 
the use of existing infrastructure, it could help us 
reduce CO2 emissions from all types of vehicles 
currently in use.
  For example, when gasoline vehicles are fed 
gasoline mixed with a certain amount of e-Fuel, 
their CO2 emissions decline to a level on par with 
emissions from HEVs. The mix of e-Fuel in gaso-
line will similarly curb the CO2 emissions from 
HEVs to a level on par with PHEVs, and emissions 
from PHEVs to closer to the level of BEVs.

Development of an FC System for 
Maritime Applications

Toyota is applying its FC technologies for 
maritime applications and provides them to 
Energy Observer Developments (EODev). 
Headquartered in France, EODev is a com-
pany that conducts research on renewable 
energy. By conducting trials in demanding 
marine environments that vary by location, 
EODev continues to probe the possibilities 
of renewable energy. 

In February 2020, EODev’s ship Energy 
Observer carried out testing of a Toyota FC 
system at sea. In October 2020, we 
announced the use of Toyota FC modules 
on a pleasure boat, as well.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality: Hydrogen Engines

Super Taikyu 2022

The Evolution of Efforts to Produce, 

Transport, and Use Hydrogen through a 

Year of Racing

June 2022 marked a year since the racing debut 
of a hydrogen engine developed by Toyota. 
  Hydrogen engines work like modified versions 
of conventional gasoline engines, powered by 
burning hydrogen directly as fuel. The fuel is 
100% pure hydrogen, unmixed with gasoline. As 
no fossil fuels are burned, hydrogen-engine vehi-
cles emit almost no CO2 when in operation—only 
that from the combustion of minute amounts of 
engine oil. The hydrogen engine is thus one option 

that offers great potential to contribute to carbon 
neutrality while making use of technologies for 
internal combustion engines built up over the 
decades and protecting engine-related jobs in the 
automotive industry. 

In late 2020, after taking a test drive in a hydro-

gen engine prototype car, master driver Morizo 
(President Akio Toyoda) decided on the spot to 
enter a hydrogen engine car in Super Taikyu 
Series races. The development of race vehicles is 
dramatically faster and more agile than that of 
mass-production vehicles. We decided that racing 
would provide the ideal environment for honing 
our hydrogen engines being developed with the 
goal of achieving carbon neutrality. 
  Looking at the overall route to the market 
release of a hydrogen engine car, we are currently 
a little less than halfway there. The finish line is still 
far ahead, and there are still many issues to be 
figured out, but we are steadily moving forward. 
Over the course of a year of racing with hydrogen 
engines, our hydrogen engine technologies and 
initiatives to use hydrogen have evolved. At the 
same time, the number of like-minded partners 
who have joined our efforts to produce, transport, 
and use hydrogen has expanded from eight at the 
starting line to 25 as of August 2022. 
  With regard to hydrogen production, the range 

of available energy sources for producing hydro-
gen has expanded to include solar power from 
Yamanashi Prefecture and Namie Town, 
Fukushima Prefecture; geothermal energy from 
Obayashi Corporation; lignite from Kawasaki 
Heavy Industries, Ltd., Iwatani Corporation, and 
Electric Power Development Co., Ltd. (J-Power); 
and sewage biogas from Fukuoka City.
  To transport hydrogen, Commercial Japan 
Partnership Technologies Corporation has 
improved its FC light-duty trucks, changing from a 
metal tank to a lightweight resin liner tank that can 
transport hydrogen at higher pressure, achieving 
an approximately four-fold increase in the amount 
of hydrogen transported annually.* In addition, as 
a first step in procuring hydrogen from overseas, 
hydrogen transported by air to Japan by 
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Iwatani Corporation, 
and J-Power on a trial basis was used as fuel in 
Toyota’s hydrogen-powered vehicles.
  As for using hydrogen, we are working to 
improve cars and engines through agile develop-
ment in the demanding environment of motor-
sports. Over a year of racing, our hydrogen 
engines have evolved significantly, increasing 
power output by 20%*, torque by 30%*, and 
cruising range by 20%*, while hydrogen filling 
time has been reduced from approximately five 

minutes to 90 seconds.* We have also raced 
with a GR86 modified to use another, non- 
hydrogen carbon-neutral fuel. The partners who 
joined us through racing in the Super Taikyu 
Series are now accelerating initiatives outside of 
racing to achieve carbon neutrality. 

Expanding Hydrogen Initiatives Globally

Our efforts to develop hydrogen engine cars are 
extending beyond Japan. In August 2022, Morizo 
put a hydrogen engine car (a GR Yaris) through its 
paces in a demonstration run during the ninth 
round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in 
Belgium. This enabled us to highlight the potential 
of hydrogen as an option for achieving carbon 
neutrality in Europe. We also plan to enter a 
hydrogen engine car in an endurance race in 
Thailand in December 2022. Through our efforts 
to use hydrogen that began with hydrogen engine 
vehicles in the Super Taikyu Series races in Japan, 
and gradual growth in understanding of our asser-
tion that carbon is our enemy, not internal com-
bustion engines, hydrogen has come to be seen 
as an option for the future. Going beyond national, 
regional, and industry borders, we will continue to 
push forward with our partners. 

*Figures as of June 30, 2022

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

2 3

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality: Monozukuri (manufacturing)

Is Manufacturing Past Its 
Prime? Toyota Chief 
Production Officer Says “No”

Taking on the Challenge of 
Embodying Skilled Manufacturing, a 
Key to the Future

Manufacturing has long been the main driving 
force behind Japan’s industrial development. 
However, we cannot take it for granted that 
Japan’s strength in manufacturing will last forever. 
This strength, which has been nurtured over many 
decades, could be lost for good if we fail to hold 
on to it. Japan is an earthquake-prone country, 
and its manufacturing prowess has been refined 
by adversity. In truth, Japan’s manufacturers have 
been made even stronger by overcoming one 
natural disaster after another. 
  When the Great East Japan Earthquake struck 
in 2011, our plants and equipment suffered grave 
damage due to the unprecedented scale of the 
disaster, and the restoration of their operations 
took a long time. However, having gone through 
this trial, we have become even better at minimiz-
ing disaster damage through the emergency 
handling of equipment and immediate crisis 
response in other areas.
  When the COVID-19 pandemic forced auto-
makers to suspend production in 2020, we 
voluntarily started to produce masks, face shields, 

and foot-operated disinfectant application devic-
es. We also employed our TPS (Toyota Production 
System) to assist in the production of such goods 
as medical gowns. In sum, it was proven that our 
response to emergencies has become prompter 
and more proactive. 
  When a fire broke out at a semiconductor parts 
manufacturing plant in 2021 and forced it to halt 
production, we pulled together to support its 
restoration efforts. With our teams in charge of 
parts procurement and equipment manufacturing 
demonstrating outstanding collaboration, the 
damaged equipment was reconstructed in two 
months. We thus accomplished a difficult task 
that would otherwise require at least seven months. 
  Monozukuri (manufacturing) is about developing 
people. It is not an exaggeration to say that 
Japan, which turns hardships into strengths, is an 
optimal place for manufacturing.

A Path toward a “Green Factory”

Toyota is currently taking on the challenge of 
creating a “green factory” on various fronts to 
realize a target of reducing the volume of CO2 
emissions from its plants worldwide to zero, that 
is, achieving carbon neutrality, by 2035. 
  Our commitment to the above target was 
announced in June 2021.  

  We believe that striving for carbon neutrality 
presents an opportunity to fundamentally 
innovate manufacturing.

Technological Development Aimed at 

Contributing to Carbon Neutrality

For example, we are engaged in technological 
development that makes full use of new ideas. 
  Painting and casting are the most carbon- 
intensive automobile manufacturing processes. 
Based on new ideas, we are taking on technologi-
cal development focused on decarbonizing the 
above two processes. 
  Conventional air-spray technologies are 
 designed to deposit paint over broad areas. 
Moreover, with the air blown toward the target 
surface rebounding off it and scattering paint 
particles, only approximately 70% of the paint 
being sprayed successfully adheres to the target 
surface while the remaining 30% goes waste. To 
eliminate such waste, our airless painting ma-
chines take advantage of the world’s first technol-
ogy that uses static electricity to cause fine paint 
particles to adhere to the target surface. This 
technology enables us to achieve a coating 
adhesion efficiency of more than 95%. 
Furthermore, having combined this technology 

with the innovative concept of a rotating paint 
ejection head, we have made it possible to create 
even finer paint particles with minimal variation in 
size, thereby achieving even higher painting 
quality. In addition to curbing CO2 emissions from 
our manufacturing operations via the introduction 
of airless painting machines, we are also able to 
reduce the size of paint recovery equipment as 
the volume of waste paint is considerably smaller. 
Thus, airless painting machines will help us 
achieve a significant reduction in the volume of 
CO2 emissions.
  Also, in an effort to upgrade the press molding 
process for body panels, we are striving to make 
use of in-mold coating technology in which paint 
is applied to body panel parts as they are shaped 
within the metal press molds. The integration of 
press molding and painting into one process is an 
epoch-making idea that could eliminate the 
conventional painting process. 
  Other new ideas include replacing paint with 
adhesive film, effectively eliminating the painting 
process. Adhesive films can be customized to 
make them special, and they can also be replaced 
for fun. Drawing on this idea, we intend to take on 
a new business in which we renovate used 
vehicles, make them look fantastic, and offer them 
to the users of the KINTO subscription service. 

2021

Restoration of 
 a plant affected 
 by a fire

A Path toward a Green Factory

Volume of CO2 emissions if 
left on the present course 

Supported the reconstruction 
of damaged equipment 

CO2

2020

COVID-19 
pandemic

Assisted in the production of 
medical gowns 

Volume of 
CO2 emissions

2011

Great East  
Japan  
Earthquake

Aiming for 
early 
achievement 
of carbon 
neutrality at 
plants 

Painting 

Casting

Reduction through 
technological innovation & 
daily continuous 
improvement 

Reduction through  
renewable energy,  
hydrogen use, etc.
(Including the use of CO2 credits)

Supported restoration efforts 
undertaken in disaster-hit 
communities 

2035

2050

Striving for carbon neutrality presents an opportunity to  
fundamentally innovate manufacturing 

2 4

Volume of CO2 
Emissions by Process
(2021: Toyota Motor 
Co., Ltd. on a 
non-consolidated 
basis)

Assembly 3%
Press 3%

Thermal treatment 5%
Welding 5%

Forging 7%

Air-conditioner- 
related 10%

Molding 3%
Other 3%

Painting 26%

Machines 18%

Casting 17%

Development of Technologies That Embody New Ideas 

Case 1: Splatter-free painting

Case 2: Elimination of the painting process 
(in-mold coating)

In-mold coating serves as a key to 
integrating press molding and 
painting processes

Coating efficiency: 
70%

Coating efficiency: 
95%

Materials used  
in the process 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Making Ever-better Cars  

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Karakuri for Non-powered Devices

We wonder if some of our readers have heard of 
chahakobi dolls, tea-serving dolls manufactured in 
the Edo period. Such mechanical dolls, designed 
to carry cups of tea to guests and collect empty 
cups, perform combinations of simple fundamental 
movements (karakuri) and can be considered 
a precursor to robots. The Japanese term karakuri 
generally refers to non-powered mechanical 
automata operating through a combination of 
gears and shafts. They can therefore be deemed 
the ultimate carbon-neutral devices. 
  At Toyota’s Honsha Plant, we maintain a pro-
duction line called the TPS basic line. This facility 
was built upon our predecessors’ wisdom as well 
as our ingenuity. In fact, going back to the con-
cept of karakuri, we have created an automated 
line that does not use sensors or control devices. 
  The use of karakuri is intended to nurture 
human sensibilities and inform our development of 
equipment. For example, because at each stage a 
karakuri mechanism must work properly for the 
next action to occur, such mechanisms make it 

easy to detect problems without relying on sensors.
  At Toyota, we replace pallets containing produc-
tion parts via non-powered operation, using this 
mechanism in combination with automated 
conveyance carts to achieve an unmanned process.

Collaboratively Employing the Latest 

Technologies and the TPS

Toyota’s efforts to create a “green factory” are 
being promoted by collaboratively employing the 
latest technologies and the TPS.
  The first technology is automated conveyance. 
At Toyota, transporting, itself, is considered 
wasteful. The starting point is trying to not 
 transport at all. But, as that can often not be 
done, if something needs to be transported from 
point A to point B, we revise facility layouts to 
shorten the distance between the two locations 
while reducing the bulk of cargo and number of 
items per load. We then develop an automated 
conveyance system covering only the remaining 
distance and carrying lightest possible loads. 

In Woven City, a similar concept is utilized, in 
which above ground and underground roads are 
developed separately, with the latter used only by 
fully automated logistics vehicles for the purpose 
of goods distribution.  
  The second technology is automated inspection 
using AI. There are many examples in the world of 
automated inspection of defective products using 
machine learning to reduce the need for human 
labor. However, our goal is to use the vast amount 
of data we are collecting from this process to 
make essential improvements that will prevent 
defects from occurring in the first place. 
  The third technology has to do with digital 
transformation (DX) and IoT. With regard to IoT, 
a technology that connects nearly everything to 
the internet, we have experienced setbacks 
despite our best efforts to become a forerunner in 
the rush toward IoT. Although we raised the 
equipment utilization rate on production lines to 
98% by pursuing continuous improvement and 
applying the TPS, there remains the problem of 
how to address the last 2%. It is a real problem 
that can only be solved by the power of people. 

Toyota believes that people should not be turned 
into machine-keepers. To get that final 2%, we aim 
to simplify equipment and create equipment that 
does not break down.
  By combining this unique, human-centered, 
Toyota thinking with DX and IoT, we hope to 
create the next generation of advanced 
 production lines. 

In 2019, we launched a vehicle production line 
that collaboratively employs the latest technologies 
and the TPS in Mexico (see the diagram below). 

Taking Full Advantage of the Power of Monozukuri 

(manufacturing) Unparalleled by Global Peers 

In the face of a forthcoming wave of new chal-
lenges, such as calls for carbon neutrality and the 
need for DX, we at Toyota stand with our fellow 
manufacturers around the world. Working hand in 
hand with them, we will take on these challenges 
and become the best automaker in town in each 
region in which we operate. 

Toyota’s Honsha Plant
TPS Basic Line

Karakuri mechanisms must properly work at 
each stage for the next action to occur

Collaboratively Employing the Latest Technologies and the TPS

Karakuri
(vacuum replacement mechanism) 

Innovative equipment

Innovative equipment

Innovative equipment

Innovative equipment

Main conveyor (SS turn) 

SS subline conveyor

SS engine and rear 
 suspension installer 

SS parts installation  
assistance device 

Karakuri (parts conveyance) 

Conveyance cart 

 Flowing rack

Karakuri (parts conveyor) 

Toyota 
Motor 
Kyushu, 
Inc. 

Conveyance cart 

 Supply line 

(new Ton Ton)

Karakuri
(automated fitting mechanism) 

Karakuri (failproof system)

Example: Oil seal press-fitting machine that  
operates on karakuri principles

Making it easy to detect problems without 
relying on sensors

Multi-axis temporary fitting tool 

Bolt Lock

Karakuri (conveyance carts) 

Karakuri (parts conveyor) 

Karakuri (parts conveyance) 

Karakuri (parts conveyor) 

Karakuri  (ergonomic  
operator support system)

Toyota 
Auto 
Body 
Co., Ltd. 

Toyota 
Motor East 
Japan, 
Inc. 

Aisin  
Seiki  
Co., Ltd.

String-driven karakuri 
conveyance system

Dream Carry

Gate-type conveyance system 

Raku raku sheet 

2 5

Empty-box returner  

Karakuri 
(fixed-volume material loader)

Subereon 

Karakuri (wagon carts) 

Placing parts fitting tools  
closer to operators 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
Software and Connected Initiatives

How Toyota Is Taking on  
Car-making Going Forward

Focusing on the Real World and 

Internalization

When it comes to the manufacturing of cars, 
Toyota has a basic stance that has been handed 
down internally over the years: we stick to our 
principles and internalize important elements by 
attempting to first achieve them on our own. We 
also continuously introduce improvements on the 
front lines to enhance our competitive advantage.
  Since its founding, Toyota has been producing 
various production equipment in-house as neces-
sary. In the 1990s, we pursued the in-house 
design of ECUs and established an electronics 
plant, a chip plant, and a battery plant. These 
efforts eventually led to the commercialization of 
the Prius, the world’s first mass-produced hybrid 
electric vehicle (HEV).
  Toyota has always maintained a strong aware-
ness of the real world regardless of the era at 
hand, pursued our principles, and promoted 
internalization. That is why in the area of software 
and connected technologies, we established the 
Toyota Research Institute (TRI), Woven Planet 

Amid this once-in-a-century era defined by major 
CASE* transformation, automobile manufacturing 
requires technological development in such new 
fields as electrification, automated driving, and 
connectivity. Among these fields, software is 
becoming an important factor in determining 
product appeal.
  Today’s cars are equipped with more than 50 
electronic control units, or ECUs, and use as 
many as 1,000 chips. Furthermore, society has 
entered the age of the internet of things, and 
things being connected has become the norm. 
Cars are also equipped with communication 
devices, further advancing their electronification, 
and the volume of software (lines of code) is thus 
growing ever larger.
  Facing this major transformation in the auto 
industry, Toyota is paying particular attention to the 
transition of cell phones. As the shoulder phone 
evolved into the feature phone and then into the 
smartphone, the commoditized product of the phone 
became linked with information, creating new value 
through new experiences and quickly spreading 
around the world. This transition is supported by 
software and connected technologies.
  Due to the CASE revolution, cars are becoming 
more deeply connected to communities and people’s 
lives through information, becoming a more integral 
part of social systems. At the same time, cars will 
become more linked to information, and through the 
movement of people, goods, and things, Toyota 
aims to provide new value through new experiences 
and by bringing excitement to customers.
*  CASE: Connected, Autonomous, 

Shared, Electric. The technological 
revolution in these new fields is 
expected to speed up and continue 
changing cars, and, by extension, 
mobility and the structure of society. As 
a mobility company that can provide a 
wide array of services related to 
mobility and meet diverse needs, 
Toyota is working to realize the mobility 
society of the future.

Autonomous

Connected

Shared

Electric

 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Toyota’s Key to Software 
Survival: In-House Capability 
and Real Customer Contact

Holdings, and Toyota Connected, and it is why 
we are working on the development of the 
e-Palette, the construction of Woven City as a 
town for pilot testing, and the development of 
the Arene  platform and other technologies.

Progress on Connected Cars and 

Connected Technologies

To date, Toyota has sold 10 million Lexus and 
Toyota vehicles that are connected cars, mainly in 
Japan, the United States, Europe, and China.
  Toyota’s vision of the connected car is not 
simply one of connecting the car to the internet. 
Rather, it is about providing customers with 
emotional experiences through the movement of 
people, goods, and activities—a vision centered 
on people that we call “human connected.” 
  To achieve this, we are operating a call center 
as a point of contact with customers; the Toyota 
Smart Center, which provides a variety of 
 services; and the Toyota Big Data Center, which 
utilizes vehicle information gathered from cars. In 
addition, we have established the Mobility Service 

Platform (MSPF) to provide mobility services and 
are promoting collaboration with service providers.
  Connected cars and connected technologies will 
be applied to a variety of areas, and that which is to 
be connected will expand to include people, cars, 
communities, and society (business-to-society, or 
BtoS). Toyota will handle the information gathered 
from customers and vehicles with care, utilizing it 
for the happiness of customers and the develop-
ment of society while creating new value from 
experiences centered on mobility.
  With the e-Palette battery electric vehicle (BEV) 
used in the Olympic Village for the Olympic and 
Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, our goal was to 
create mobility that integrates cars and information 
and that coordinates with the community. During 
the Games, 49,000 athletes, staff, and volunteers 
used e-Palette. We also developed a fleet 
 management system for e-Palettes based on the 
principles of the Toyota Production System (TPS) 
to ensure effective, efficient, and accurate opera-
tion. The system monitors the vehicles remotely 
and operates them in a just-in-time fashion 
according to the conditions of the surrounding 
environment and the number of passengers. All of 

Insurance 
companies

Rideshare

Car-
sharing

Rentals

Taxis

Logistics

Retail

Food & 
lodging

Govt. offices, 
Olympics & 
Paralympics

Service Providers

Mobility Services Platform (MSPF)

API (Vehicle management, fleet management, authentication functions, payment functions, etc.)

Telematics insurance

Flexible leasing

Smart Key Box/
TransLog

Vehicle information

Operational 
information

Toyota Smart Center (TSC)

OTA updates of 
onboard software

Individual/device 
authentification

Telematics services 
(map updates, 
agents...)

Use of big data 
(CRM quality control)

Big data (TBDC)

Global Communications Platform

Operator-
assisted 
services

2 6

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

this was realized via the MSPF that Toyota has 
been building and refining. 

In the future, these technologies will be applied 
to the Sienna Autono-MaaS minivan being devel-
oped in the United States for use as a robotaxi, 
and the MSPF will be used not only for automated 
vehicles, but also for regular commercial vehicles 
and logistics.

Innovation through a New Mobility 

Software Platform

In this way, software has the power to promptly 
turn ideas into products. The aim of Arene, the 
vehicle software development platform that Toyota 
and Woven Planet are focused on, is to continue 
fundamentally changing the development of 
software for vehicles.
  The most notable characteristics of Arene are 
that it absorbs the differences in vehicle hardware 
specifications (abstraction) and employs hardware 
abstraction layers (HAL) that enable hardware to 
be controlled with universal methods. This, in turn, 

enables the independent development of hardware 
and software as well as the reuse of software. 
Arene leverages the strengths of hardware cultivat-
ed by Toyota to achieve the development of safe, 
high-quality, and advanced software.
  Because increasingly complicated software 
development is becoming a bottleneck for cars, 
too, there is a need for a revolutionary vehicle OS 
that can solve these issues. The vehicle OS will 
achieve TPS in software development as well, and 
we must continue to realize combinations of good 
hardware and software.
  For example, when developing automated 
driving software, the on-board software needed 
for automated driving actually makes up only 
10%; the other 90% comprises various tools, 
such as data processing by the machine learning 
system, mounting, code review, software updates, 
log analyses, and simulations. Basically, most of 
the software we develop is used off-board (out-
side vehicles) or through the cloud.
  Arene is used to develop frameworks for vehicle 
development and development environments based 
on those frameworks as well as to build ecosystems 

for mobility development. Using industry-leading 
software technologies, we will continue providing 
privacy-conscious, secure, and safe cars.
  Furthermore, application development on Arene 
is also easy. Partner companies will be able to 
program applications more efficiently using the 
Arene’s application programming interface (API, 
a mechanism that can share software functions) 
and software development kit (SDK), which 
includes simulation environments.

In this way, development on Arene swiftly 
realizes commercialization and enables users to 
share the fun of providing new ideas that appeal 
to customers while meeting the expectations of 
worldwide partners and developers as well as the 
Toyota brand’s high-quality standards.
  The portion of a car’s value attributable to 
software is growing. By internalizing the parts 
central to Toyota’s future, we will strategically 
ensure the strengths of our hardware and software 
through internal production, compartmentalize 
development undertaken with partners, and 
accelerate the speed of mass production.
  For these initiatives, we are building a software 

development structure on a 3,000-person scale for 
Toyota, Woven Planet, and Toyota Connected and 
on a 18,000-person scale for the entire Group. We 
are also strengthening the teams responsible for the 
internal production and  development of software.

Geofencing Technology Expands the 

Possibilities of HEVs and PHEVs

Through connected technologies, we can contribute 
to carbon neutrality by gaining a better under-
standing of the characteristics of each region in 
the form of data and combining this knowledge 
with realized technologies.
  According to market data, in Japan, the engine is 
turned off for half of all driving time in hybrid electric 
vehicles, or HEVs, while for plug-in hybrid electric 
vehicles, or PHEVs, the engine is turned off for as 
much as 80 percent. HEVs and PHEVs can evolve 
into environment-friendly vehicles to an even higher 
degree by upgrading the switching control of engines 
and electric motors. In other words, there is room to 
expand the possibilities of both HEVs and PHEVs.

Fleet Management System Based on the Toyota Production System (TPS)

Real Life

Virtual

Aiming for the ultimate in “just-in-time mobility,” e-Palettes are dispatched “when needed, where needed, and in the amount needed.”

New Features, Services, and Functionality

1  Waiting customers increase

AMMS (Operation  
management center)

2   Additional unit  

dispatched in real time

3   Prevents variation  

in operation intervals

Emergency 
remote vehicle 
stop/restart

Immediate  
development of 
replacement 
vehicles

Automatically sent
to the garage in
the event of 
an abnormality

2 7

Autonomy Applications

Infotainment

Other Applications

Application Programmable Interface (API)

Arene Operating System (OS)

Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL)

Arene Tools
(Simulation Environment)

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
  One mechanism that will enable this is geofenc-
ing technology. A portmanteau of geography and 
fence, geofencing refers to the combination of 
navigation and cloud technologies to enable the 
automatic switching of engine and motor functions 
in real time to reflect driving locations and driving 
times based on geographic data. For example, in 
zero-emission regulation regions that limit vehicle 
operation to only BEVs during certain time 
periods, geofencing automatically controls the 
functions of HEVs and PHEVs to ensure  
compliance with regulations.
  Furthermore, geofencing enables anticipatory 
eco-driving that switches over to BEV driving as 
appropriate by predicting the driving burden based 
on the driving environment up to the destination. 
Utilizing connected technologies makes it possible 
to further promote energy saving in cars the smart 
control of HEVs and PHEVs.
  The new NX features a mechanism that switch-
es to HEV control. We expect that in the near 
future it will be able to use geofencing technology 
with over-the-air (OTA) update of its software.
In October 2021, in advance of introducing 
geofencing technology under development with 
an eye toward practical application, we introduced 

anticipatory eco-driving (anticipatory EV/HEV 
mode switching control) in the Japanese market. 
It realizes highly efficient driving by automatically 
switching between EV and HEV modes depend-
ing on the charge left in the battery and the road 
conditions and characteristics.

Continuing to Evolve through  

Software Updates

OTA refers to using wireless connections to 
continuously update to the latest software 
(control software and high-precision mapping 
software). This means that after a car’s purchase, 
new functions continue to be added and perfor-
mance enhanced while the latest driving assis-
tance technology is installed, thereby continuing 
the vehicle’s evolution into a safer and more 
secure car.
  For the Lexus LS and Mirai launched in Japan 
in April 2021, we have included cars that feature 
the latest Advanced Drive function of the newest 
sophisticated driving assistance technologies 
developed by Toyota Teammate/Lexus Teammate, 
and they are eligible for related software updates 

Rate of Engine Being Off During Driving

Software download 
quality management

Rate of Engine Being Off During Driving
Engine + BEV driving          BEV during stops          
BEV driving

（%）
100

HEV

PHEV

Software quality 
management

Connected base

Software download 
management

Software version 
management

Fee

Downloaded 
software

• Vehicle 
   condition
• Software 
   version, etc.

Region-speciﬁc 
needs

Car

75

50

25

0

 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

on an ongoing basis.
  The GR Yaris “Morizo Selection” is a new 
initiative based on GR Yaris that combines the 
ROOKIE Racing privateer team run by Morizo 
(President Akio Toyoda’s racing driver name) and 
Toyota’s KINTO car subscription.
  We will continue to evolve each car to best 
match each customer by reflecting updates 
(which are based on feedback and data gained in 
races participated in by Morizo and ROOKIE 
Racing) and personalization (which is based on 
customer driving data) in the software in GR 
Garage shops. Furthermore, we offer better 
driving methods and support the enhancement of 
driving skills. Basically, we realize cars that evolve 
to suit people by updating the latest software in 
line with each customer.
Note:  These updates are not OTA. They are done through a wired 

connection at stores.

The Auto Industry Going Forward and 

the Possibility of Cars

Cars have a wide range of applications from 
passenger cars to MaaS and commercial 

Energy Conservation

vehicles, and we will continue to expand the 
regions where we operate going forward. Needs 
are increasingly diversifying, and cars can be 
used in a myriad of ways to meet them. Our 
efforts thus encompass people’s problems and 
social issues, smiles and joy, and needed 
technological development.
  The auto industry must move people while also 
achieving coexistence with local communities. For 
the future and for children, the Toyota Group is 
working on producing happiness for all through 
freedom of movement for all and the provision of 
exciting experiences.
  We will continue to enhance the excitement that 
can be experienced by being able to move by 
combining real cars and the power of software. If 
we combine innovation with technology, the value 
of cars will rise higher. We will also contribute to 
the further development of society by going 
beyond the borders of cars and contributing to 
community building and the creation of society- 
wide platforms.

Harmony between Society  
and Cars

Anticipation of driving
burden on the environment

HEV driving

Urban area

Mountainous area

HEV driving

BEV driving

HEV driving

BEV driving

BEV driving

83%

HEV 
driving for 
acceleration

BEV driving 
for frequent 
starts & 
stops

HEV 
driving for 
climbing hills

Regenerative 
charging

BEV driving
for the 
remaining 
distance

59%

HEV driving

Support for driving in cities that have 
zero-emission regulations
(Geofencing technology)

Switch to electric-vehicle mode based on driving environment 
(Anticipatory eco-driving)

2 8

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data010100001010010010010100001010010010010100001010010010010100001010010010 
 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

Commercial Sector Initiatives

Contributing to Carbon Neutrality 
through Electrification and 
Enhanced Logistics Efficiency

Accelerating Commercial Vehicle 

CASE Initiatives

Since the establishment of Commercial Japan 
Partnership Technologies (CJPT) in April 2021, 
Toyota has been working to disseminate CASE tech-
nologies in the commercial sector and thereby con-
tribute to the realization of carbon neutrality. 
  CASE technologies can only contribute to society 
once they become widespread. Commercial vehicles 
can play important roles in CASE technology dissemi-
nation, as they travel long distances for extended peri-
ods of time to support the economy and society and 
can be easily linked with infrastructure development. By 
combining the commercial vehicle foundations of the 
companies participating in CJPT with Toyota’s CASE 
technologies, the companies aim to accelerate the soci-
etal implementation and adoption of CASE technologies 
and services and thereby help address social issues 
and contribute to the realization of carbon neutrality.

Initiatives with Our Partners

Distribution by truck accounts for about 90 percent 
of overland logistics in Japan, and the transportation 
sector (including buses and taxis) involves 2.7 million 
people. Commercial vehicles account for about 40 
percent of the total distance traveled by automobiles 
and about half of all CO2 emissions from automobiles 
in Japan. Furthermore, the more than 60,000 logis-
tics companies operating in Japan currently face 
numerous management issues, such as high-frequency 
distribution, harsh work environments, labor shortag-
es, and rising burdens on workers. The power of 
CASE, centered on connected technologies and ser-
vices, is a promising approach to effecting improve-
ments that will help resolve these issues.
  Solving these kinds of social issues is not something 
that one company can accomplish alone. It is neces-
sary to seek a wide range of like-minded partners, 
apply their different strengths, and work together for the 
sake of those supporting transportation and for society.

Expanding into the Commercial 

Minivehicle Business

Minivehicles account for about 31 million of the 
approximately 78 million vehicles owned in Japan. 
Furthermore, 85 percent of Japan’s roads are so nar-
row that only minivehicles can easily use them. In this 
sense, minivehicles are collectively a kind of “people’s 
car,” made to suit the roads of Japan. They are a 
practical and sustainable lifeline for people across the 
country and have continued to evolve alongside 
changing lifestyles. Commercial minivehicles, which 
account for 58 percent of all commercial vehicles in 
Japan, are able to effectively cover areas that their 
small size makes accessible, supporting logistics 
operations mainly in the last mile.
  Expanding the CJP project to include minivehicles 
will enable efficient, integrated logistics, linking the 
main arteries of logistics (handled by trucks) with the 
capillaries of logistics (the domain of commercial min-
ivehicles) while leveraging connected technologies 
and abundant data. This new collaboration is also 
aimed at promoting the broader use of affordable 
advanced safety technologies and electrification by 
leveraging Suzuki and Daihatsu’s strengths in 
high-quality, low-cost manufacturing and Toyota’s 
CASE technologies.

*  CJPT expelled Hino Motors, Ltd. in August 2022 in light of certi-
fication testing misconduct.

Activities in Electrification and 

Improving Logistics Efficiency

Our efforts to achieve carbon neutrality center on two 
pillars: electrification and improving logistics efficiency.
  Amid pressure to enhance cost competitiveness, 
maintaining a competitive edge in the area of com-
mercial vehicle electrification is increasingly challeng-
ing. Competitiveness increasingly hinges on 
connected technologies and uses of batteries and 
other technologies. Accordingly, manufacturers must 
step up the unique added value that they offer.

Improving transport efficiency will contribute greatly 

to realizing carbon neutrality. The companies of the 
partnership will link their connected technology plat-
forms to build a more comprehensive platform for 

2 9

commercial vehicles and leverage the Toyota 
Production System (TPS), one of Toyota’s strengths, 
to realize just-in-time (JIT) logistics and increase 
transport efficiency, thereby helping to reduce CO2 
emissions. Using connected technologies to link 
logistics from the major arteries to the fine capillaries, 
from producers to consumers, using truck logistics 
and local minivehicle-based distribution, JIT logistics 
have the potential to lower running costs for logistics 
vendors and sustainably improve logistics.

burden on society and CO2 emissions.
  At the project in Fukushima, we are working to cre-
ate an implementation model focusing on hydrogen 
use in cities with populations of around 300,000 
which is typical of Japan, with the aim of applying the 
model to similar-sized cities nationwide.

Logistics Improvement Begun with 

AEON in Kyushu

Energy Management System in 

Fukushima and Tokyo

In collaboration with its partners, CJPT will begin the 
construction and social implementation of an energy 
management system in Fukushima Prefecture and 
Tokyo in January 2023 to promote the widespread 
use of electrified vehicles.
  The introduction of commercial electric vehicles 
imposes an increasing burden on society as a whole, 
not only in terms of vehicle purchase, but also in 
terms of downtime for cargo and vehicles due to 
recharging and hydrogen filling and an increase in 
peak electricity demand at business sites due to the 
concentration of recharging at certain times. 
  A total of 580 commercial electrified vehicles will 
be used in this social implementation project, includ-
ing heavy- and light-duty fuel cell electric trucks, 
light-duty battery electric vehicle (BEV) trucks, and 
mini-commercial van BEVs, to comprehensively 
cover transportation from trunk lines to the last mile. 
In addition, the use of an energy management system 
(EMS) that is integrated with commercial vehicle 
operation management will help reduce the overall 

CJPT is working with AEON KYUSHU Co., Ltd. and 
AEON GLOBAL SCM Co., Ltd. on a logistics 
improvement project for the AEON Group in the 
Kyushu area that will solve problems faced by the 
logistics industry, such as soaring logistics costs and 
driver shortages.
  By combining the logistics expertise built up by 
AEON KYUSHU and AEON GLOBAL SCM with the 
connected technologies of the companies participat-
ing in CJPT, the project aims to
1   Establish new operations to improve efficiency by 

linking each process in the supply chain

2   Improve efficiency by minimizing logistics down-
time through the use of big data and real-time 
processing on connected technology infrastructure

3   Promote collaboration with a wide range of part-

ners to achieve these initiatives

Going forward, through the CJP project, the partici-
pating companies will deepen their collaboration 
while openly considering cooperation with other 
like-minded partners, working to help fulfill the auto-
motive industry’s mission of helping improve people’s 
lives and leave a better Japan and a better planet for 
the next generation.

Commercial Japan Partnership Technologies

Primary and trunk 
line transport  

(main arteries)

Secondary and 
intermediate transport 
(arteries)

Last-mile transport 
(capillaries)

Technology and 
service planning

Investment and human 
resource dispatch

Joint planning agreement

Electrification of logistics vehicles 
(FCEVs, BEVs, HEVs, carbon-neutral fuels, etc.)

Solving the various problems that arise from the use of electrified vehicles
(Energy management integrated with 
commercial vehicle operation management, etc.)

Improving logistics efficiency by combining 
the Toyota Production System with connected technologies

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
Woven City: Aiming to Create a City Where People Live Happily

“Within Reach If You Just 
Keep Climbing”: Akio’s 
Message on Woven City

 Making Ever-better Cars  

 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality

 Software and Connected Initiatives  

 Commercial Sector Initiatives  

  Woven City

operations in the Tohoku region. Guided by his 
strong leadership, Toyota established Toyota Motor 
East Japan, Inc. in 2012. However, this also led to 
the difficult decision to close the Higashi-Fuji Plant. 
Looking for a way to carry on the Higashi-Fuji 
Plant’s legacy of manufacturing to help create 
future mobility for the next 50 years, he arrived at 
the idea of transforming the site into a test course 
that is woven into the fabric of daily life.

Aiming to Expand Mobility

At Woven City, we aim to make people happy by 
expanding what mobility can do for human beings 
and building systems that will create novel value. In 
addition to the mobility of people, goods, and infor-
mation, we emphasize that mobility also has an 
emotional component and represents feelings, 
such as being moved. Through mobility that con-
nects human hearts, Woven City will help us invent 
the technologies and services that will become the 
future fabric of life, constantly evolving alongside 
the inventors who live there and our partners.

A Test Course for Toyota as a Mobility Company

Woven City will be a kind of test course, enabling 
us to rapidly implement development and demon-
stration cycles for diverse forms of mobility in both 
the virtual and the real world. For example, to 

3 0

achieve safe mobility, Woven City will comprise 
three types of roads, woven together like warp and 
weft: paths for people, roads shared by people and 
personal mobility devices, and roads for autono-
mous vehicles. We will use these roads to advance 
the integrated three-part development of automat-
ed driving at the levels of people, vehicles, and the 
traffic environment. Guided by the three concepts 
of “human-centered,” “a living laboratory,” and the 
“ever-evolving city,” Woven City will demonstrate 
technologies from logistics to energy, food, and 
agriculture as it grows into a test course conducive 
to the timely generation of new inventions that 
address social issues. 
  One such initiative is the hydrogen refueling sta-
tion to be built by ENEOS adjacent to Woven City. 
The station will  produce CO2-free hydrogen for sup-
ply to both fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) and to 
Woven City. Using Woven City as a living laboratory, 
we will demonstrate a supply chain across the pro-
duction, transportation, and use of hydrogen, taking 
new steps toward achieving carbon neutrality. 

Carrying on a Commitment to

“Human-centered” Operations

The name “Woven City” comes from Toyota’s origins 
in automatic looms. Toyota Group founder Sakichi 
Toyoda was driven to invent an automatic loom out 
of a desire to make his mother’s work easier. We 
have guarded and nurtured this spirit of service to 
others ever since. Woven City will take up this com-
mitment from the Higashi-Fuji Plant, growing and 
evolving as the foundation for a new era at Toyota.

The Woven City project, first announced in 
January 2020. A safety prayer ceremony was 
held on October 10, 2022, officially kicking off 
construction. Woven City will demonstrate 
cutting edge technologies in such areas as 
automated driving, mobility as a service 
(MaaS), personal mobility, robotics, smart 
homes, and artificial intelligence (AI) in a real 
living environment. Using Woven City as a test 
course for mobility, we aim to create new 
systems and services that will contribute to 
“well-being for all.”

Building on Our History 

of Manufacturing

Woven City will be constructed on the site of 
Toyota Motor East Japan’s former Higashi-Fuji 
Plant, which was a pillar of production for Toyota 
for 53 years, starting in 1967. At its peak, the 
plant had about 2,000 employees, and a total of 
around 7,000 individuals worked there over its 
history, producing such vehicles as the Toyota 
Century, Toyota’s flagship chauffeur car infused 
with Toyota craftsmanship, and the JPN Taxi, a 
car that requires many times the durability of an 
ordinary passenger car.
  The concept for Woven City can be traced 
back to the Great East Japan Earthquake in 
2011. President Akio Toyoda sought to create 
jobs for the region’s people, who were hit hard-
est by the disaster, by creating a third base of 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Message from the CSO

Aiming to expand mobility, we are also advanc-
ing preparations for Woven City, a living labora-
tory for testing new technologies and services. 

Promoting Diversity and Passing on 

Philosophy, Skills, and Behavior

Conveying philosophy, skills, and behavior is 
essential to human resource development. 
President Toyoda and top management convey 
their philosophy through the Toyota Times, Akio 
Toyoda’s Juku (roundtable with employees) and 
dialogue using other communication tools. 
Furthermore, we have reaffirmed the position of the 
TPS as a source of our competitiveness. This has 
enabled us to advance Kaizen (continuous 
improvement) at both production sites and other 
workplaces through the application of the TPS, and 
the TPS has become a central touchpoint for digital 
transformation (DX) efforts. To transform into a 
mobility company, we are also working to secure 
software talent and promote diversity and inclusion. 
As a result of these initiatives, all of our employees 
are gaining a greater awareness of social issues 
and beginning to proactively take action that 
extends beyond our conventional fields of activity.

Yumi Otsuka  Chief Sustainability Officer

Toyota Is Transforming 
in Pursuit of 
“Producing Happiness for All”

Transforming to Help Realize a 

Human Resource Development is Key

Sustainable World

With a corporate mission of “producing happi-
ness for all,” Toyota is advancing novel initia-
tives toward the realization of a sustainable 
world. These initiatives will help Toyota survive 
the once-in-a-century upheaval taking place in 
the automotive industry as it transforms into a 
mobility company. Specifically, we are working 
to establish a more agile development approach 
to enhancing overall vehicle performance. To 
this end, we are further honing our basic sourc-
es of competitiveness, such as the Toyota 
Production System (TPS) for making ever-better 
cars and cost reductions, and our motorsports- 
bred cars. In addition, to create a new mobility 
company business model, we are advancing the 
development of software and connected technol-
ogies, including the Mobility Services Platform and 
the Arene vehicle software development platform. 

  The social issues we face today are increasingly 
complex and serious. As such, the challenges we 
must take on are broad ranging, from building a 
mobility society of the future in such areas as car-
bon neutrality and mobility for all, to creating of 
environments that ensure respect for human 
rights throughout the supply chain and leverage 
diverse talent, regardless of gender, disability, or 
age. To advance these initiatives with speed and 
agility amid drastic change and growing uncer-
tainty, developing people with the aspiration and 
passion to build a better future as well as the 
skills to make that aspiration a reality will be key. 
President Toyoda has said that developing 
human resources with the spirit of working for 
the sake of others, a spirit that has been handed 
down since the Group’s founding, is essential to 
be committed to the Sustainability Development 
Goals. This idea is a pillar of our efforts to pro-
mote sustainability in society and within Toyota. 

3 1

Forging Partnerships through Action

At the same time, to help realize a sustainable 
world, we need like-minded partners who share 
our aspirations. Toyota is strengthening its rela-
tionships with suppliers and other existing stake-
holders while also working to foster new 
partnerships across diverse fields, such as energy 
and connected technologies. For example, we are 
advancing the technological development of 
hydrogen engine vehicles, which are still in the 
early development stages, by entering them in 
endurance races. Through such partnerships, we 
have successfully gained a wider range of part-
ners with whom to work hand in hand toward car-
bon neutrality. Seeing this has taught me 
first-hand the lesson that action has power to 
move people.

As CSO, I will continue working to strengthen 
engagement with both internal and external 
stakeholders while advancing initiatives aimed at 
helping realize a sustainable world based on the 
strengths and values that make us Toyota.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Vehicle Safety  
 The Environment  
 Capital Strategy  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  
 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Corporate Governance  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors 

What Does Toyota Need for 
the Future?

This roundtable discussion with the Outside 
Directors took place on September 15, 2022.

How have your perspectives on Toyota 

changed since you took office as 

Outside Directors?

Sugawara  We are now in our fifth year as 
Outside Directors. Compared with when we took 
office in 2018, the Board of Directors’ discussions 
have significantly more substance. I think this is 
because the Board has secured more time for 
strategic discussions by raising the bar for items 
that need to be decided by the Board, fully dele-
gating routine items to the executives, and, when 
such matters do go to the Board, processing 
them as paperwork to avoid taking up meeting 
time. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, we 
don’t all meet in person as often as we used to, 
but the increased substance of our discussions 
more than makes up the difference. 
  On the other hand, there is still considerable 
room to improve the effectiveness of the Board of 
Directors. Also, while President Toyoda is leading 
Toyota’s electrification strategy going forward, I 
think that there are aspects that the Board of 
Directors should take the lead in discussing with 
regard to Company-wide areas to reinforce. 

Craven 
I knew little about Toyota, really, when I 
joined as an Outside Director. In fact, I was most 
surprised when Akio offered me the position. So, I 
had a lot to learn, and, as Mr. Sugawara 
explained, I have seen several positive changes, 
which I’ve observed with great pleasure.
  The Board of Directors’ discussions are very 
open, and there is a good division of roles and bal-
ance between the executives and the Outside 
Directors. As one example of this openness, I’ve 
been very pleased with receiving the notes from the 
regional CEOs weekly meeting with the executive 
vice presidents, president and banto. I think that it 
has really shown more of the inside workings of the 
Company to the Outside Directors. In the notes 
from one of those meetings, the president stated 
very clearly that he needs to know the facts, and 
he can only operate on the facts. Indeed, ensuring 
that the facts are received and then passed on 
accurately and wholly is important to enable the 
president and executive vice presidents to make 
the best decisions possible. This kind of concrete 
initiative has, I think, improved the balance between 
the executives and Outside Directors. 

Kudo  When I came onboard with Toyota, I 
found that the culture was much stronger than I 
had imagined. Toyota has developed and honed 
itself over decades, valuing Toyoda Principles 
and the wisdom and techniques of the Toyota 
Production System (TPS), and its strong culture 
is backed by shared, cherished values. I think 
that the focus on easing burdens and producing 
happiness for all resonates with all of us 
Outside Directors.
  At the same time, however, a strong culture can 
be a hindrance to change. 2018, when we took 
office as Outside Directors, was right around the 
time many changes at Toyota were beginning, 
and I sensed significant discord internally. Toyota 
has a long history, and it was performing strongly, 
so management had to take great pains to  

convey to employees the meaning of transforming 
into a mobility company. By overcoming that hur-
dle, management and employees were able to 
align their efforts to act with determination and 
urgency to deepen Toyota’s operational excel-
lence, building on the TPS while transforming 
Toyota into a new mobility company brimming 
with creativity without changing its culture. As 
these efforts advanced, I sought to fulfill my role 
as Outside Director by bridging the gap between 
the Company and outside stakeholders in order to 
contribute to Toyota’s medium- to long-term cor-
porate value enhancement. 

Do you feel that the perception of 

Toyota among the public differs from 

the reality inside the Company?

I’m not sure that I see a big gap 

Craven 
between the opinion of Toyota among the public 
at large and that from within. 
  For example, I fully support the president’s view 
of having a far wider set of options moving for-
ward, beyond just battery electric vehicles (BEVs). 
Recently, Toyota has been criticized by certain 
environmental organizations and investors, and I 
think Toyota needs to respond to such opinions 
more proactively. I’m a great believer in communi-
cation. You don’t always get your message across 
the first, or even the second time. You have to 
keep at it. Without strong communication, 
Toyota’s reputation could slip. This would be 

3 2

unfortunate, because it’s not fair. Toyota must 
communicate effectively to stakeholders on such 
topics as ESG and carbon neutrality. More senior 
executives have to take up that mantle to help put 
those messages out. 

In saying all this about what Toyota should 
improve, I don’t mean to sound negative. I’m so 
proud to be part of this great company. But, we 
can get the message out there in a better, more 
consistent manner, and get out in front of issues, 
rather than waiting for criticism. It will take time, 
but we can do it.

I have three points to add. 

Kudo 
  First, while Toyota in some ways represents 
Japan in world, I think that it is not at all sitting on 
its laurels, but always working to protect stake-
holders and acting with an appropriate sense of 
urgency. I don’t see this changing going forward. 
  Next, as Sir Craven mentioned, some are say-
ing that Toyota is not fully committed to carbon 
neutrality and delaying the shift toward BEVs to 
protect its existing businesses. Toyota, however, 
is working very seriously to provide equality of 
mobility globally, including in countries that do not 
have access to green energy. As an Outside 
Director, I try to dispassionately examine Toyota’s 
initiatives, alongside those of its competitors, and 
offer my opinion accordingly. 
  Finally, I often hear questions about whether 
participants in Board of Directors meetings feel 
free to speak their minds, and whether the opin-
ions of Outside Directors are really listened to. As 
Sir Craven and Mr. Sugawara mentioned, Toyota’s 
executives offer information openly, and meetings 
are conducted with care in a way that makes it 
easy to speak up. The Board of Directors is 
indeed a forum for discussion among both the 
internal and outside participants. The participation 
expected of us requires that we learn about the 
topics at hand. I think that there is sometimes a 
perception that Outside Directors, especially when 
they are women, are just for show, but I take my 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Vehicle Safety  
 The Environment  
 Capital Strategy  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  
 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Corporate Governance  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

role very seriously and prepare rigorously to par-
ticipate in discussions. 

I think the public perception of 

Sugawara 
Toyota has two parts. On the one hand, consider-
ing that Toyota has recorded record profits even 
during the COVID-19 pandemic, it is seen as hav-
ing been well prepared for crises, even as it goes 
through a major transformation itself. On the other 
hand, there is some doubt about how adaptable 
Toyota really is to major changes, including new 
business models and environmental issues.
  Working with Toyota, I feel that the Company 
is probably among the best in the world at deal-
ing with any clear-cut crisis immediately con-
fronting it. As Ms. Kudo said, Toyota has strong 
shared values and internal unity, so I think it is 
almost uniquely well suited to overcoming any 
clear and pressing challenges it may confront, 
like the pandemic. 
  On the flipside, however, when it comes to 
future uncertainty, such as whether Toyota’s cur-
rent business model will still be competitive in 10 
or 20 years, I think that few executives or employ-
ees are approaching issues with same sense of 
urgency as President Toyoda. As the Company 
successfully overcomes more immediate crises, I 
think there is a danger of slipping into complacen-
cy based on that short-term success.

I think that right now the duty of Outside 
Directors is to persistently sound the alarm on 
major issues that Toyota will eventually confront 
but that are not yet fully apparent—issues con-
nected to economic security, the environment, 
and transitioning to a new business model—and 
to pose to management a variety of “what if” 
scenarios. We are always probing and prodding 
during discussions at the Board of Directors, 
making sure that management can appropriately 
defend its strategy by questioning whether the 
current trajectory is the right one, or if it is, 
pointing out any lack of concrete detail or need to 
commit to specific numbers. These discussions 

help to gradually reveal the dangers Toyota 
faces, which enables the Company to overcome 
them. I think that sharing this approach more 
broadly can make Toyota more adaptable to 
change going forward. 

Craven  We are very fortunate to have such a 
capable leader as Akio Toyoda. He’s brilliant, but 
at times, for the rest of the company, he’s too 
fast. I think we have to communicate and give 
examples of what he requires for the future of 
Toyota, and I don’t think that we’re all that good 
at doing that. Taking the initiative in that way is not 
something that most managers do naturally, so 
the many changes we have been seeing in HR 
systems have been very positive. 

I think more has to be done, but the opportuni-
ties are amazing. There can be so much positive 
energy locked down within Toyota. We have to 
release that for the good of the Company through 
effective communication. 

What qualities and abilities do you think 

are needed in Toyota’s leadership?

Craven  The president needs to make very clear 
the importance of managers and the time they 
give to managing and developing their teams. 
They have to be true team leaders. 
  The TPS is fantastic, but I think it can be so rig-
orous that it may inhibit individual thought, which 
is not conducive to coming up with new ideas for 

3 3

the future. I would like it to be made very clear, 
from management, that individual team members 
should not just do what they’re told, but really 
think outside the box.

Kudo 
I think that Toyota’s leaders need to be 
highly innovative, flexible, and creative, with the 
dedication and selflessness to see things 
through as well as the breadth of perspective to 
act with all stakeholders, including society at 
large, in mind. They must also be able to clearly 
communicate the Company’s stance and trajec-
tory, bringing people on board and drawing out 
their abilities to lead them forward. They need to 
not just focus on short-term profit but act with a 
commitment to making ever-better cars and 
medium- to long-term value creation. Given the 
circumstances facing Toyota today, I think that 
only leaders who can innovate and change 
based on a sense of urgency will be able to 
enhance corporate value over the medium and 
long term. 
  Toyota’s businesses depend on more than 
370,000 employees, as well as suppliers, dealers, 
and many other partners. As Toyota transforms 
into a mobility company, I’m sure the range of 
these essential partners will only grow. Uniting a 
company this large requires someone who will 
work not just for themselves to achieve strong 
results during their tenure but for the good of 
industry as a whole, and even society at large. 
They must express Toyota’s aspirations and 
demonstrate them through their own actions to 
build momentum by getting others excited to 
work alongside them.
  Rather than settling for the status quo, I think 
that Toyota needs leaders who can envision and 
ambitiously pursue future, as-yet-unknown 
change, with the communication abilities, strength 
of character, and selflessness to guide the entire 
Company and even society forward. 

Sugawara  The leader of Toyota has two missions.
  Because of Toyota’s enormous size, its every 
move is scrutinized, and the Company’s actions 
exert a tremendous influence on the industrial 
sector. In some ways, Toyota leads the industrial 
sector, and its actions and statements can have 
ramifications in government, politics, and even 
international relations. As Ms. Kudo said, Toyota’s 
leader cannot think only of Toyota; it’s a major role 
that requires an individual’s full dedication, with a 
mission that encompasses the broader world.

Internally, the other key mission for the leader of 

Toyota is managing such a mammoth organiza-
tion through this time of transformation. Only 
someone who can demonstrate their own deter-
mination to carry out this mission to our young 
professionals, who represent the future of Toyota, 
and foster in them the same kind of determination 
can be considered fit to lead the company.
  By developing many people with these quali-
ties and placing them in central management, 
regardless of age, Toyota as a whole will be able 
to carry out these two missions, no matter who 
becomes president. I think if Toyota develops a 
culture that fosters young and mid-level employ-
ees who are always aware of Toyota’s responsi-
bility to the wider world while striving to improve 
and go further internally, it will have no shortage 
of individuals well suited to top management. 
This, in turn, will be good for the future of the 
Company and of Japan.

Craven 
us on this matter.

I feel such a unity between the three of 

I see Toyota as a box full of positive energy. 
We’ve just got to open the box and let it fly, and 
it’s the younger people that will be able to do that 
most easily.

Sugawara 

I agree. We have a lot of work to do.

Craven  Yes. It’s very exciting. 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance Held April 21, 2022

On April 21, 2022, Toyota Outside Director Ikuro 
Sugawara, Operating Officer and Executive Vice 
President Masanori Kuwata, and Operating 
Officer Yumi Otsuka held a dialogue about corpo-
rate governance with institutional investors. The 
following is a summary of their discussion.

information through Toyota Times is necessary, I 
think that we should also consider opportunities for 
interaction with stakeholders, such as this dialogue. 

The Effectiveness of the Board of Directors

Toyota’s Communications

It seems like Toyota’s external com-

Question 1 
munications have begun to change since the 
briefing on battery electric vehicle (BEV) strategy 
last December. Have you been making enhancing 
communications a significant management issue? 

Sugawara 
I came to Toyota as an Outside Director 
in 2018. Listening to Board of Directors discussions 
and various briefings, I noticed that Toyota’s people 
had a strong tendency to speak in jargon and con-
cepts specific to Toyota, even in external communi-
cations. For example, if you ask about specific 
initiatives, you find that Toyota is doing a wide range 
of things to address environmental problems and the 
Sustainable Development Goals, but when these 
efforts are explained in jargon, they don’t get across 
to outsiders. Effective communication requires not 
just putting information out, but making sure it gets 
across. So, I began by asking for changes in the way 
we communicate within Toyota, and there has been 
great progress over these past four years. In the last 
year, especially, as we have more actively discussed 
governance, I think Toyota has made leaps forward. 
  At the BEV strategy briefing or at Japan 
Automobile Manufacturers Association press confer-
ences, President Toyoda speaks directly to stake-
holders and answers questions in detail. At the 
Company-wide level, however, there is still some way 
to go toward more effective communication. The 
Board of Directors and we Outside Directors will con-
tinue discussions in this area while encouraging 
executives to make improvements. 

Kuwata  Multiple and diverse forms of communica-
tion are key. While the one-way publishing of  

Question 2  The degree of independence and 
diversity (particularly the percentage of women) 
of the Board of Directors seems low by interna-
tional standards. What are your thoughts on this 
as an Outside Director?

Sugawara  Yes, as you say, the percentage of 
female Directors is lower than that at many compa-
nies overseas. 
  During my time as director-general of the 
Economic and Industrial Policy Bureau at the Ministry 
of Economy, Trade and Industry, I worked to 
advance corporate governance reforms in Japan. 
From my perspective, focusing our efforts on real, 
substantive discussion is more important than 
expending our energy on adjusting the Board’s form. 
That is not to say, however, that the Board should 
remain as it is forever, but that the Board must 
approach changes in social expectations flexibly, 
from a longer-term perspective. I do see expanding 
the role of independent Outside Directors and 
advancing diversity as important issues.

Otsuka  Diversity comes in many forms, too. Dr. 
James Kuffner, as an internal Director, brings a back-
ground in the IT industry and a non-Japanese per-
spective. Working with him, we are gaining new 
insights and learning about specific differences in 
ways of ways of looking at information and managing 
organizations. The scope and methods of our hiring 
have also been changing considerably, with growing 
numbers of women and mid-career hires joining 
Toyota. We are also revising our hiring methods and 
ratios, aiming to reinforce the hiring of software talent 
going forward. I think that these efforts will bear fruit 
over the longer term, leading to increased diversity in 
decision making. 

Question 3  What are your thoughts on the 
independence of the current Outside Directors?

Kuwata  Toyota’s transactions with Sumitomo Mitsui 
Banking Corporation, where Outside Director Teiko 
Kudo has spent most of her career, are of a scale that 
does not hamper her independence. All three Outside 
Directors—Mr. Sugawara, Ms. Kudo, and Sir Craven—
offer input at the Board of Directors meetings and in 
regular communications with executives, which has led 
to enormous changes over the past year or two. 

I feel that Ms. Kudo is effective in her posi-

Sugawara 
tion in terms of speaking up as an independent board 
member should, regardless of her background. Sir 
Craven, meanwhile, comes from a different background 
from the rest of us, and he brings unique opinions to 
discussions of such matters as human resource devel-
opment and communications. In that way, they very 
much fulfill the role of independent Outside Director. 

Question 4  Toyota has only three Outside 
Directors. Does that make monitoring the  
CEO difficult?

Sugawara  At Toyota, the Outside Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members also take part in Board 
of Directors meetings. Final decisions are rendered 
by the nine Members of the Board of Directors, but 
they incorporate the views of the three Outside Audit 
& Supervisory Board Members, who bring diverse 
backgrounds. Also, the Outside Directors and 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members often 
hold study meetings, where the six of us discuss 
medium- and long-term issues. In particular, we 
spent a considerable amount of time discussing 
issues related to carbon neutrality in the run-up to 
the BEV strategy briefing. Working alongside the 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, we are 
monitoring business execution and expressing the 
views of outside stakeholders on medium- and long-
term issues. 

Strategic Shareholdings and Other Concerns

Question 5  How do you regard the problems 
posed by strategic shareholdings in terms of 
asset efficiency and governance?

Sugawara  When I came to Toyota, the number of 
companies whose shares Toyota strategically held 
was about double what it is now, and I was con-
cerned about just those issues. We discussed the 
purpose of these cross-shareholdings, and have 
since reduced them by about half. We have to be 
considerate of the issuers, so these reductions take 
time, but we are making progress.
  Please understand that we see the problem just as 
you do, and we are in the process of making revisions. 

In light of the news about falsified 

Question 6 
vehicle inspections at Toyota dealerships last 
year, what do you think Toyota should do to 
avoid the kind of organizational problems that 
often show up in big companies?

In my work at the Ministry of Economy, 

Sugawara 
Trade and Industry, I witnessed the trajectories of many 
companies. When a company is on the brink, the decid-
ing factor is whether or not it still has sufficient younger 
talent to support it. Leveraging that talent is the way to 
survive. In that sense, I think that Toyota’s greatest 
investment to avoid the ills of large companies is the 
investment it makes in its younger human resources. 

Kuwata  As Toyota transforms from an automaker 
to a mobility company, the partners it works with will 
also change considerably. We are very aware that 
our values will have to evolve if we are to move for-
ward. We will need to value individuality more and 
discard conventional ideas of the background that 
top-class talent should have. Efforts to promote the 
advancement of women and personnel system 
reforms will be gradual, but I hope to work to create 
opportunities for diverse talent to thrive.

3 4

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Corporate Governance

Fundamental Approach

Toyota regards sustainable growth and the stable, long-
term enhancement of corporate value as essential manage-
ment priorities. Building good relationships with all 
stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business 
partners, local communities, and employees, and consis-
tently providing products that satisfy customers’ needs are 
key to addressing these priorities. To this end, Toyota con-
stantly seeks to enhance corporate governance.

Corporate Governance Report 
Securities Report 

Business Execution and Supervision

Toyota’s Corporate Governance
Contributing to society through monozukuri (manufactur-
ing) is the basis of Toyota’s corporate value. To enhance 
its corporate value in the medium- to long-term, it is 
appropriate for Toyota to be a company with an Audit & 
Supervisory Board, where internal executives who have 
been long engaged in and have deep knowledge of 
manufacturing and outside executives who are capable 
of providing advice for the creation of new value from a 
broad perspective can participate in well-balanced 

decision making at the Board of Directors’ meetings.
  With respect to its framework for executing opera-
tions, Toyota has been focused on ever-better car mak-
ing since the 2008 global financial crisis, aiming to 
provide a full lineup of good quality, affordably priced 
products in the right place at the right time while offering 
products and services suited to customers in each coun-
try and region. To this end, following the introduction of 
“region-based management” in 2011, the “business unit 
system” in 2013, and the “in-house company system” in 
2016, in 2017, Toyota further clarified that Members of 
the Board of Directors are responsible for decision mak-
ing and management oversight and that operating offi-
cers are responsible for operational execution in order to 
further accelerate the implementation of decisions.
  Furthermore, in 2018, Toyota brought forward the tim-
ing of executive changes from April to January, in order to 
further accelerate management oversight and ensure full 
coordination with the workplace. In addition, Toyota trans-
formed the company structure into one that enables deci-
sion making that is both close to the needs of customers 
and close to where the action takes place, by taking mea-
sures such as reviewing the corporate strategy function 
and restructuring the Japan Sales Business Group into an 
organization based on regions rather than sales channels.

In 2019, to further advance its “acceleration of  

management” and the development of a diverse and tal-
ented workforce, Toyota made executive and organiza-
tional changes as follows: 1. Executives are composed of 
only senior managing officers and people of higher rank. 
2. A new classification called “senior professional/senior 
management” (kanbushoku in Japanese) grouped and 
replaced the following titles or ranks: managing officers, 
executive general managers, (sub-executive managerial 
level) senior grade 1 and senior grade 2 managers, and 
grand masters. With an eye to appointing the right people 
to the right positions, senior professionals/senior manage-
ment hold a wide range of posts, from chief officer, deputy 
chief officer, plant general manager, and senior general 
manager to group manager, regardless of age or length of 
employment, in order to deal with management issues as 
they arise and to thereby strengthen their development as 
members of a diverse and talented workforce through 
Genchi Genbutsu (on-site learning and problem-solving).
In April 2020, Toyota consolidated the posts of execu-
tive vice president and operating officer into the post of 
operating officer and, in July 2020, clarified the responsi-
bilities of operating officers. We redefined the role of oper-
ating officer to be members who, together with the 
president, have cross-functional oversight of the entire 
company. Furthermore, in-house company presidents, 
regional CEOs and chief officers, as on-site leaders of 

business implementation elements, were given authority 
and consolidated into the rank of senior professionals/ 
senior management. The roles of operating officers and 
senior professionals/senior management were determined 
where and as needed, and persons appointed as operat-
ing officers and senior professionals/senior management 
changed in accordance with the challenges faced and the 
path that should be taken, as the company exercises 
greater flexibility than ever in appointing the right people to 
the right positions.
  However, because of the rapidly changing business 
environment, Toyota now recognizes that there is an 
increasing need for such executives to fulfill management 
roles (related to people, goods, and money) together 
with President Toyoda. Therefore, in April 2022, Toyota 
again reorganized the roles of operating officers and 
reestablished the position of executive vice president, 
defining it as an operating officer who is focused on 
business from a management perspective. 
  Toyota, based on its basic policy of appointing the 
right people to the right positions, has been swiftly and 
continuously innovating. We will further press forward 
with the tide of such innovations, aiming for a corporate 
structure capable of carrying out management from a 
viewpoint that is optimal for a global company.

Toyota’s Corporate Governance

Changes in Governance Structure

 Current

Appointment/ 
Dismissal

Appointment/ 
Dismissal

Shareholder’s Meeting

Appointment/ Dismissal

Audit &  
Supervisory Board
(Half of the members  
are Outside Audit & 
Supervisory Board 
Members)

Board of Directors

(including Outside Directors)

Audit

Decision making and management oversight

Cooperation

Submit/Report

Supervision

Executive 
Appointment Meeting
(Majority of the members 
are Outside Directors)

Executive 
Compensation Meeting
(Majority of the members 
are Outside Directors)

Suggestion

Suggestion

Accounting Auditor

Audit of consolidated financial 
statements and internal control 
over financial reporting

Audit

Cooperation Cooperation

Report

Operating officers

Operational execution

Head Office

Business units

In-house companies

Dialogue

Audit

Supervision

Report

Sustainability Meeting
(Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board 
Members, including outside members)

Submit/Report

Submit/Report

Internal Auditing 
Department

Disclosure 
Committee

Labor-Management 
Council/Joint Labor-
Management Round 
Table Conference

Number of Directors (total)

27 2011-2016: between 11 and 16 (temporarily increased due to the introduction of Outside Directors) 2017: 9

-2010

2011- 2015

2016 - 2020

2021-

Outside Directors

2013: 3

Executive Vice Presidents

2011-2020: between 4 and 7

s
e
v
i
t
u
c
e
x
E

Senior Managing/ 
Managing Officers

Operating Officers

64 2011-2018: between 42 and 49

(Excluding the president and executive vice presidents)

August 2022: 7

April 2022

Position newly established with 
revised roles (3 persons)

Advisors/Senior Advisors

2011-2017: between 55 and 68

2018: 9 due to organizational changes, July 2020: 0

Audit & Supervisory 
Board Members (total)
Outside Audit & Supervisory 
Board Members
s Executive Appointment

g
n
i
t
e
e
M

Compensation

7 2014: 6

4 2014: 3

2017: Outside Members 
accounting for half

2019: Outside Members Compensation 
accounting for a majority

Sustainability

2007-2014: CSR Committee

2014: Corporate Governance Meeting

2018: Sustainability Meeting

April 2011

•  Reduced the number of Members of the Board of Directors from 27 to 11 

members (currently 9 members)

•  Reduced decision making layers (discontinued the positions of executives 
responsible for the operations concerned and introduced a two-tiered 
arrangement of executive vice president and chief officer)
•  Made flexible assignment of senior managing officers or  

managing officers to chief officer posts (abolished the position of senior 
managing director)

•  Established the role of executive general manager
•  Stationing of, in principle, regional chief officers in their respective regions

April 2013

•  Established business units
• Reorganized regional groups
• Appointed Outside Board Members

April 2015

• Changed the roles of officers
•  Enhanced diversity (appointing non-Japanese executives and female executives)

April 2017

management oversight and of operating officers as operational execution

•  Further clarified the responsibilities of Members of the Board of Directors as decision making and 

• Reduced the number of Members of the Board of Directors (including Outside Directors) to 9 (June)

October 2017 • Changed the system of advisors and senior advisor system

January 2018

•  Increased the appointment of people with high-level expertise from both within and outside of the 

Company (the Toyota Group, people with technical backgrounds, etc.)

•  Executive vice presidents, in addition to supporting the president, personally lead in the field as 

in-house company presidents and organizational group chief officers

•  Newly established a fellow system to secure people with high level of specialist expertise and 

expand the breadth of executive human resource development

January 2019

•  Created a new classification: “senior professional/senior management,” encompassing Managing 
Officers, Executive General Managers, (sub-executive managerial level) Senior Grade 1 and Senior 
Grade 2 Managers, and Grand Masters

January 2020 •  Discontinued use of the Field General Manager rank, shifting to Senior General Manager and Fellow
April 2020
July 2020

•  Integrated the roles of Executive Vice President and Operating Officer into Operating Officer
•  Further clarified the roles of Operating Officers
•  Reorganized the roles of operating officers and established the position of executive vice president to 

create a position for focusing on management perspectives with the president

April 2016 •  Established in-house companies, shifted from functional to product-based focus

April 2022

3 5

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
Members of Board of Directors and 

Audit & Supervisory Board

Board of Directors and Related Structures
With respect to the Members of the Board of Directors, 
Toyota comprehensively considers and appoints the right 
person for the right position to ensure appropriate and 
prompt decision making. Toyota believes that it is critical to 
appoint individuals who contribute to decision making 
aimed at sustainable growth into the future in accordance 
with the Toyoda Principles, which set forth our founding phi-
losophy. Moreover, these individuals should be able to play a 
significant role in transforming Toyota into a mobility compa-
ny by responding to social change, such as the emergence 
of CASE*1 technologies, building external partnerships, and 
contributing to the solution of social issues, including the 
SDGs. The Board of Directors should consist of members 
who have the abundant knowledge, deep insight, and the 
highly professional expertise needed by Toyota, and mem-
bers are appointed with consideration for diversity. The 
Executive Appointment Meeting, of which the majority are 
Outside Directors, makes recommendations to the Board of 
Directors regarding individual Director candidates.
  Furthermore, three Outside Members of the Board of 
Directors have been appointed in order to adequately 
reflect the opinions of those from outside the Company in 
management’s decision-making process, All of the Outside 
Directors are registered as independent officers with the 
relevant financial instrument exchanges.
  Toyota considers the appointment of Outside Members 
of the Board of Directors as independent officers in accor-
dance with the requirements for Outside Members of the 
Board of Directors set out in the Companies Act and inde-
pendence standards established by the relevant financial 
instrument exchanges.
  Outside Members of the Board of Directors provide advice 
in Toyota’s management decision-making process from a 
standpoint independent of management based on their broad 
experience and insight. To make full use of the insight of the 

Outside Members of the Board of Directors and the Audit & 
Supervisory Board, Toyota takes the following measures:

1   Review of the criteria for the submission of proposals to 
the Board of Directors as needed to reduce the num-
ber of proposals submitted, so that sufficient time can 
be secured to discuss each proposal.

2   Provision of explanations of all proposals in advance to 
help understand the background of the proposals.
3   Removal of the time limit for discussions at Board of 

Directors’ meetings to ensure sufficient discussion can 
be held.

4   Setting of periodic opportunities, besides the Board of 

Directors meetings, for two-way communication 
between Outside Members of the Board of Directors 
and the Audit & Supervisory Board as well as the oper-
ational execution side on important management 
issues and medium- to long-term issues.

In recent years, to facilitate active discussion at Board of 
Directors’ meetings, Toyota has reduced the number of par-
ticipants (Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members) 
in Board of Directors’ meetings (from 34 in 2010 to 15 in 
2020). As a result, opportunities for each  participant to 
speak at Board of Directors’ meetings have increased, and 
Outside Members of the Board of Directors and the Audit & 
Supervisory Board speak on almost all proposals.

*1 CASE: Connected, Autonomous/Automated, Shared, Electric

Analysis and Evaluation of the Effectiveness of 
the Board of Directors
In order to improve the effectiveness of the Board of 
Directors, Toyota has been conducting an analysis and 
evaluation of the Board of Directors every year. The most 
recent evaluation was performed as below.
1. Analysis and evaluation
Following a survey assessing the composition, opera-
tion, and efficacy of the supervisory function of the 
Board of Directors, the Outside Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board 

Personnel Structure of the Board of Directors (As of May 16, 2022)

Name 

Sex  Age 

Length  
of  
service 

Current position/responsibility at Toyota

Attribution

Meeting

Executive 
appointment
Chairperson Chairperson Chairman of the Board of Directors

Compensation

Responsibility

Takeshi Uchiyamada
Shigeru Hayakawa
Akio Toyoda
James Kuffner
Kenta Kon
Masahiko Maeda
Ikuro Sugawara
Sir Philip Craven
Teiko Kudo
*2 Status of attendance at Board of Director’s meetings in the fiscal year ended March 2022

Outside independent Member Member
Outside independent Member Member
Outside independent Member Member

75
68
66
51
53
53
65
71
Female 57

Male
Male
Male
Male
Male
Male
Male
Male

24
7
22
2
1
—
4
4
4

Chief Privacy Officer
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Digital Officer
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Technology Officer

Attendance at Board 
of Directors’ meetings 
(No. of meetings 
attended)*2
100%  14/14
100%  14/14
100%  14/14
100%  14/14
100%  11/11
—
100%  14/14
100%  14/14
100%  14/14

3 6

 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Members were interviewed based on the survey results. 
Views and proposals regarding the background and 
causes of issues identified by the survey as well as 
regarding the improvement of such issues, were com-
piled and reported to the Board of Directors, then dis-
cussed at the Board of Directors.
•  Method of evaluation: Self-evaluation through surveys 

and interviews

•  Subject of evaluation: Members of the Board of 

Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
•  Implementation period: February 2022 to March 2022
• Matters to be evaluated: 

1  The composition and operation of the Board of Directors
2  Management and business strategy
3  Corporate ethics and risk management
4  Communication with stakeholders, such as shareholders

2. Summary of the findings
It was confirmed that the operation of the Board of 
Directors and the quality and content of its discussions 
were improving year by year, and that effectiveness was 
ensured through such measures as providing sufficient 
explanations of agenda items in advance and having peri-
odic exchanges of views with external officers on matters 
such as medium- to long-term management challenges.
  The evaluation showed a general trend toward improve-
ment, particularly in the areas of agenda preparation, time 
allocation, delegation of authority to executives, and the 
content and volume of materials, and showed that effective-
ness was secured. However, further issues were identified 
with respect to securing opportunities for discussing 
important topics and providing information to Outside 
Members of the Board of Directors and Outside Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members.

In order to further improve the effectiveness of the Board 

of Directors, Toyota will secure more opportunities for the 
Board of Directors to discuss important management strat-
egy topics and promote the appropriate selection of topics 
to be proposed. At the same time, to provide more informa-
tion to Outside Members of the Board of Directors and 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members and thereby 
facilitate more effective and vigorous discussions, Toyota 
will work to make further improvements through such mea-
sures as enhancing opportunities for dialogue and 
exchange with management.

Audit & Supervisory Board System
Toyota has adopted an Audit & Supervisory Board sys-
tem. Six Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including 
three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members) play 
a key role in Toyota’s corporate governance by undertak-
ing audits in line with the audit policies and plans deter-
mined by the Audit & Supervisory Board. In order to 
appropriately audit Toyota as it transforms into a mobility 

company with the aim of sustainable global growth, the 
Audit & Supervisory Board is composed of Full-time 
Audit & Supervisory Board Members, who possess  
deep knowledge of internal Company matters, and 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, who  
have a high level of expertise and knowledge. Toyota 
maintains an independent system that allows each  
Audit & Supervisory Board Member to exert audit  
authority independently

In appointing Audit & Supervisory Board Members, 
Toyota believes it is necessary to elect individuals who 
have broad experience and insight in their respective 
fields of expertise and can advise management from a 
fair and neutral perspective as well as audit the execution 
of business. Toyota’s Executive Appointment Meeting 
discusses recommendations to the Audit & Supervisory 
Board regarding the appointment or dismissal of Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members.
  Toyota has appointed three Outside Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members, all of whom are registered 
as independent officers with the relevant financial instru-
ment exchanges. When appointing Outside Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members, Toyota considers the 
requirements set out in the Companies Act as well as the 
independence standards established by the relevant 
financial instrument exchanges. In recent years, the Audit 
& Supervisory Board and the internal audit function have 
been strengthening their ties by increasing the opportuni-
ties to share their audit results, with the aim of improving 
the effectiveness of their audits.

Training for Members of the Board of Directors 
and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Toyota’s Outside Members of the Board of Directors and 
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members must under-
stand and practice the spirit of making ever-better cars 
and Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands-on experience) and 
contribute to decision making aimed at sustainable future 
growth. As such, Toyota provides a variety of opportunities 
to provide them with the necessary information. Also, as 
explained above, we offer outside members opportunities 
other than the Board of Directors Meetings to deepen their 
understanding, such as advance explanations on propos-
als submitted to the meetings and two-way communica-
tion with executives on important management issues and 
medium- to long-term issues.

Executive Compensation

The amount of executive compensation, how its calcula-
tion method is determined, and the calculation method are 
described as follows.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Decision Policy and Process
Toyota believes that it is critical to appoint individuals 
who contribute to decision making aimed at sustainable 
growth into the future in accordance with the Toyoda 
Principles, which set forth our founding philosophy. 
Moreover, these individuals should be able to play a sig-
nificant role in transforming Toyota into a mobility compa-
ny by responding to social change, such as the 
emergence of CASE technologies, and contributing to 
the solution of social issues, including the SDGs. Toyota’s 
executive compensation system is an important means 
to promote various initiatives and is determined based on 
the following policy.
•  The system should encourage Members of the Board of 
Directors to work to improve the medium- to long-term 
corporate value of Toyota 

•  The system should support compensation levels that will 

allow Toyota to secure and retain talented personnel
•  The system should motivate Members of the Board of 
Directors to promote management from the same view-
point as our shareholders with a stronger sense of 
responsibility as corporate managers

  The Board of Directors decides by resolution the policy 
for determining remuneration for and other payments to 
each Member of the Board of Directors. Remuneration is 
effectively linked to corporate performance while reflecting 
individual job responsibilities and performance. 
  Remuneration standards in each Member’s home coun-
try are also taken into account when determining remunera-
tion amounts and methods. 
  Remuneration for Outside Members of the Board of 
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members consists 
only of fixed payments. As a result, this remuneration is not 
readily impacted by business performance, helping to 
ensure independence from management.
  The amounts of remuneration and other payments to 
each Member of the Board of Directors and the remunera-

tion system are decided by the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Compensation Meeting, a majority of the mem-
bers of which are Outside Members of the Board of 
Directors, to ensure the independence of the decisions.
  The Board of Directors resolves the policy for determining 
remuneration for and other payments to each Member of 
the Board of Directors and the executive remuneration sys-
tem as well as the total amount of remuneration for a given 
fiscal year. The Board of Directors also resolves to delegate 
the determination of the amount of remuneration for each 
Member of the Board of Directors to the Executive 
Compensation Meeting. The Executive Compensation 
Meeting reviews the executive remuneration system on 
which it advises the Board of Directors and determines the 
amount of remuneration for each Member of the Board of 
Directors, taking into account such factors as corporate 
performance as well as individual job responsibilities and 
performance, in accordance with the policy for determining 
remuneration for and other payments to each member of 
the Board of Directors established by the Board of 
Directors. The Board of Directors considers that such deci-
sions made by the Executive Compensation Meeting are in 
line with the policy on determining remuneration and other 
payments for each member of the Board of Directors.
  Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is 
determined by the Audit & Supervisory Board within the 
scope determined by resolution of the shareholders’ meet-
ing. To decide the compensation for the fiscal year under 
review, the Executive Compensation Meeting was held in 
May 2021, March 2022, and April 2022. Also, preparatory 
meetings attended solely by Outside Directors were held 
five times in July, September, and October 2021 and 
February and March 2022 as a forum for discussions in 
preparation for the Executive Compensation Meeting. The 
compensation for the Members of the Board of Directors 
was decided with the agreement of all members of the 
Executive Compensation Meeting.

Major Matters Discussed at the Executive 
Compensation Meeting
•  Compensation levels according to position  

and responsibilities

•  Benchmarks and results evaluation for FY2022
• Individual performance evaluation
• The remuneration for each individual

Method of Determining Performance-based 
Remuneration (Bonuses, Share-based Compensation)
1.   Directors with Japanese citizenship 

(excluding Outside Directors)

Toyota sets the total amount of remuneration received 
by each director in a year (“Annual Total 
Remuneration”) based on consolidated operating 
income, fluctuation in Toyota’s market capitalization,* 
and individual performance evaluations. The balance 
after deducting monthly remuneration, which is fixed 
remuneration, from Annual Total Remuneration consti-
tutes performance-linked remuneration.
  Toyota sets Annual Total Remuneration based on 
position and duties by referencing the executive remu-
neration levels of a benchmark group of companies 
located in Japan. 

Table 1 Table 2

* Calculated by multiplying the closing price of Toyota’s common 
stock on the Tokyo Stock Exchange by the number of shares 
issued after deducting treasury stock

Method of Setting the Annual Total Remuneration
Annual Total Remuneration is set according to a formula 
based on the benchmark results of executive compensa-
tion. Annual Total Remuneration for each position is set 
based on consolidated operating income and fluctuation 
in Toyota’s market capitalization and then adjusted based 
on individual performance evaluations. Individual perfor-
mance evaluations take into consideration the individual’s 

efforts made in accordance with the Toyoda Principles, 
which set forth our founding philosophy, and other 
aspects, such as the trust of others and promotion of 
human resource development. Based on the evaluations, 
the amount of Annual Total Remuneration for each direc-
tor is determined within the range of 50% above or below 
the Annual Total Remuneration for each position.

2.  Directors with foreign citizenship  

(excluding Outside Directors)

Fixed remuneration and performance-based remuneration 
are set based on remuneration levels and structures that 
allow Toyota to secure and retain talented personnel, taking 
into account each member’s job responsibilities and the 
remuneration standard of his/her home country. 
Performance-based remuneration is set based on consoli-
dated operating income, fluctuation in Toyota’s market cap-
italization, and individual performance evaluations, taking 
into account each member’s job responsibilities and the 
remuneration standard of his/her home country. The 
approach to setting each item is the same as that for direc-
tors with Japanese citizenship (excluding Outside 
Directors). Differences in tax rates in Japan and their home 
countries may be considered and compensated for.

Share-based Compensation System
The Board of Directors decides share-based compensa-
tion using the maximum values for share-based compen-
sation set at the 115th and 118th Ordinary General 
Shareholders’ Meetings held on June 13, 2019 and June 
15, 2022 (a maximum of 4.0 billion yen per year, with the 
total number of common shares of Toyota to be allotted to 
the Members of the Board of Directors, excluding Outside 
Directors, capped at 4 million). For more details, please 
refer to p. 86 of the Securities Report (for the fiscal year 
ended March 2022). 

Table 3 Table 4

Table 1

  Explanation of Indicators

Consolidated  
operating income
Fluctuation in Toyota’s 
market capitalization
Individual performance 
evaluation

Indicator for evaluating Toyota’s efforts based on business performance

Corporate value indicator for shareholders and investors to evaluate 
Toyota’s efforts

Qualitative evaluation of each Director’s performance

Table 2

   Method and Reference Value for Evaluating Indicators and 
Evaluation Result

Evaluation 
weight 

Evaluation method 

Reference 
value

Evaluation result 
for the fiscal year

Consolidated 
operating  
income

Fluctuation 
in Toyota’s 
market 
capitalization

70%

30%

Evaluate the degree of attainment of consolidated operat-
ing income in the fiscal year, using required income (set in 
2011) for Toyota’s sustainable growth as a reference value

1 trillion yen

Comparatively evaluate the fluctuation in Toyota’s market 
capitalization for the relevant fiscal year (average from 
January through March), using the market capitalization 
of Toyota and TOPIX for the previous fiscal year (average 
from January through March) as reference values

Toyota’s market 
capitalization: 
22.3 trillion yen
TOPIX: 
1,903.60

210%

Table 3

   Remuneration by Executive Category, Remuneration by 
Type, and Number of Applicable Executives

Table 4

   Names and Details of Those Who Receive Total Consolidated Remuneration of One 
Hundred Million Japanese Yen or More

Executive category

No. of 
applicable 
executives

Remuneration by type [million yen]

Fixed  
remuneration

Performance-linked 
remuneration

Monthly  
remuneration

Bonuses

Share-based 
compensation

Total 
remuneration
(million yen)

Name  
(executive category)

Company category

Directors (of which 
Outside Directors)

Audit & Supervisory 
Board Members (of 
which, Outside  
Audit & Supervisory 
Board Members)

10
(3)

6
(3)

822
(148)

196

772
(368,000 shares)

1,790
(148)

261
(54)

—

—

261
(54)

Takeshi Uchiyamada (Director) Reporting company

Shigeru Hayakawa (Director)

Reporting company

Akio Toyoda (Director)

Reporting company

Koji Kobayashi (Director)

Reporting company

(Notes) 1. Cash compensation consists of monthly remuneration and bonuses.

2.  Performance-based remuneration is set based on the resolution of the Board of 

James Kuffner (Director)

Reporting company

Consolidated subsidiary Woven 
Planet Holdings, Inc.

Total consolidated remuneration by type (million yen)

Fixed  
remuneration

Monthly  
remuneration

Performance-linked  
remuneration

Bonuses

Share-based  
compensation

Total consoli-
dated remu-
neration 
(million yen)

Retirement 
benefits

118

74

204

78

152

642

79

1

76 (37,000 shares)

81 (39,000 shares)

0 481 (230,000 shares)

0

100 (48,000 shares)

100

13

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

273

156

685

178

906

(Notes)  The fixed remuneration paid to Director James Kuffner by Woven Planet Holdings, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary, includes the amounts of 

fixed remuneration paid every three months and every 12 months.

Directors’ Meeting on May 11, 2022. Share-based compensation is the number of 
shares presented in the table multiplied by the closing price on the day prior to the date 
of resolution for the allocation.

3 7

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Message from the CFO: Changes in Profit Structure

Figure 2  Changes in Break-even Vehicle Sales Volume*1
(FY2009 = 100%) Operating income basis

Figure 3  FY2016 to FY2022: The Six Years Following the 
Adoption of the In-house Company System*1

100%

Increased profit despite the negative effects of 
forex rates, sales volumes, and materials prices

Consolidated vehicle sales (thousands of vehicles)          
Operating income (billions of yen)

The Fruits of Many Years of Working 
to Make Ever-better Cars

At Toyota’s financial results press conference in May 2022, 
CFO Kenta Kon spoke about changes in Toyota’s profit 
structure. The following is based on his presentation.

Figure 1  shows two graphs comparing operating 
income for the fiscal year ended March 2009, the year of 
the global financial crisis, and the fiscal year ended 
March 2021, the year that the COVID-19 pandemic hit, 
with that of previous fiscal years.

In both cases, vehicle sales volume decreased by 
15% year on year. But at the time of the global financial 
crisis, profits decreased significantly, pushing Toyota 
into the red, while in the fiscal year ended March 2021, 
we were able to secure a profit.

Figure 1  Comparison of Before and After the Global 
Financial Crisis and COVID-19 Outbreak*1

Before and after 
the global ﬁnancial crisis

Before and after 
the COVID-19 outbreak

Consolidated vehicle sales (thousands of vehicles)          
Operating income (billions of yen)
FY2009*2
FY2008*2
8,913
7,567
(-15% YOY)

FY2020*3
8,955

2,270.3

2,399.2

FY2021*3
7,646
(-15% YOY)

2,197.7

-461.0

¥114/USD
¥162/Euro

¥101/USD
¥144/Euro

¥109/USD
¥121/Euro

¥106/USD
¥124/Euro

50%

9/3 10/3 11/3 12/3 13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 20/3 21/3 22/3

Figure 2  shows the break-even vehicle sales volume 
from the fiscal year ended March, 2009, onward.

If we assign our break-even volume at the time of the 
global financial crisis a value of 100, we have lowered our 
break-even volume to, most recently, around 60 to 70, 
demonstrating that we have made significant progress in 
improving our condition over the past 13 years. This was 
not something that could be done overnight.

Immediately after the global financial crisis, we had to 
put the brakes on all R&D expenditures and capital invest-
ments. We could do nothing to invest in the future. But, 
even as we fought to overcome the numerous crises 
known in Japan as the “Six Hardships,” including recall 
issues, we continuously worked to improve profitability.

Improved profitability was not something that Toyota 
was able to achieve on its own. Rather, it was the result 
of a desperate and concerted effort with all of our stake-
holders. To them, we say thank you.
  During that period, as one of Toyota’s strengths is hav-
ing a full lineup of products globally, we transitioned to an 
in-house company system that would allow us to better 
provide high-quality and reasonably priced vehicles at the 
right place and time.
  Along with the in-house company system, we intro-
duced the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA) shared 
vehicle platform to improve the basic performance and 
product appeal of our vehicles and enhance the reflection 
of regional characteristics in products, aiming not to be the 
best in the world, but the best in town.

In the past, we often introduced completely new vehi-
cle models on a one-off basis as the market grew. Now, 
however, we are continuously evolving our long-time, 
best-selling cars, such as the Yaris and Corolla, to keep 
them current so that they can go on being long-time, 
best sellers. We believe that these initiatives have 
resulted in increased profitability.

3 8

8,681 

-800.0
Forex/
Volume

2,853.9

-451

8,230 

+2,141.7
Proﬁt 

improvement, etc. 2,995.6 

-1,000.0
Materials 
prices

-200.0
Fixed costs 

FY2016*2

¥120/USD 
¥133/Euro

+141.6

FY2022*3

¥112/USD 
¥131/Euro

Figure 3  illustrates the changes in our profit structure 
over the six years since we transitioned to the in-house 
company system.
  A look at the factors behind the increases and decreas-
es in operating income reveals that our profit has 
increased despite major negative factors, such as poor 
foreign exchange rates, low sales volumes, and increases 
in materials prices. In terms of sales, the more than 2 tril-
lion yen improvement in profit is due to sales price revi-
sions and a reduction in selling expenses. We believe that 
this is the result of our customers highly evaluating our 
products. Also, post-sale vehicle quality helped customers 
maintain high vehicle value, leading to improved profitabili-
ty not only in the automotive business but also in the finan-
cial services business. 

In terms of cost reduction, we believe that significant 
improvements have been achieved by the effect of switch-
ing to new products that are based on the TNGA platform 
and through the power of our production worksites, 
including those of suppliers, which can respond to the 
launch of various new products and environmental chang-
es as well as produce high-quality products.
We used to increase profit through favorable foreign 
exchange rates and volume growth. Over the past six 
years, however, this has steadily been changing. 

*1  This analysis has not been adjusted to account for differences 

between U.S. GAAP and IFRS.  

*2 U.S. GAAP  
*3 IFRS

Figure 4  Market Share 
of New Car Sales: From 
2015 to 2021

Increased market 
share in 11 out of 
15 countries 

FY2022 Financial Results

Used Car Appraisal: The U.S. 
Small SUV Market

Complete redesign 
since the introduc-
tion of TNGA

70

60

50

40

30
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

Note: Data from ALG (a U.S. company). 
Percentages are the expected wholesale used 
car price 36 months in the future, divided by 
the new car retail price.

Comparing new car sales in 2015 and 2021, we have 
increased our market share in 11 of 15 major countries, 
including China, the United States, and Japan. 
  The graph on the right side of  Figure 4  shows U.S. 
used car prices three years post purchase by model. 
Toyota’s RAV4 has received higher appraisals than vehi-
cles from other manufacturers in the same segment, and it 
is evident that those appraisals have gotten even higher 
since we switched to the TNGA-based RAV4. Being able 
to command a high price in the used car market protects 
the value of customer assets, and we believe this builds 
trust in our brand.

Changes in Profit Structure

  Although our performance in the fiscal year represents 
our situation in only that single fiscal year, it is the result of 
long-term, ongoing efforts, including the in-house compa-
ny system, “best in town” activities in each region, the 
TNGA, product lineup strategies, ever-better car making 
from a starting point in motorsports, and the human 
resource development that supports these activities, as 
well as various in-house system reforms. We would once 
again like to thank everyone involved for their support. 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Capital Strategy

Three Pillars

The three pillars of Toyota’s financial strategy are 
stability, growth, and efficiency. By maintaining 
adequate stability while pursuing growth and effi-
ciency over the medium and long terms, we aim 
to build a robust financial foundation to support 
sustainable growth.

1. Stability: Securing Liquidity
Having experienced financial crises and the Great 
East Japan Earthquake, in order to ensure busi-
ness continuity in any business environment, we 
maintain a sufficient level of liquidity to cover half a 
year of both fixed costs in the automotive busi-
ness and refinancing requirements in the financial 
services business.
  Ample liquidity is essential to maintaining a full 
line-up in each region and retaining the ability to 
respond to all options and opportunities. As such, 
it is a vital part of the foundation supporting the 
creation of corporate value.

2. Growth: Aggressive Forward-looking Investment
As the auto industry approaches a once-in-a-
century turning point, Toyota is focusing on tech-
nological innovation aimed at transforming into a 
mobility company. Every year, we spend more 
than 1 trillion yen on R&D. By enhancing efficien-
cy in existing areas, we are strategically increas-
ing the portion of R&D spending allotted to 
cutting-edge fields.

3. Efficiency: Enhancing Capital Efficiency
Using cost reduction and the thorough application of 
the Toyota Production System (TPS), we are rein-
forcing the profit structure and securing funds to 
invest in advanced and cutting-edge technologies.
In capital expenditures other than R&D expens-

es, as well, we are carefully assigning priority to 
individual projects and tracking their progress while 
advancing measures to improve productivity, such 
as streamlining development in existing fields, 
making equipment more compact, shortening 
processes, and facilitating faster response to 

changes in production quantities.
  Furthermore, in addition to sustainably increas-
ing ROE by repurchasing shares, we are strength-
ening investment management by regularly 
evaluating the rationality of our strategic share-
holdings in terms of the needs of our business 
strategies and economic utility. In these ways, we 
are striving to enhance capital efficiency.

Shareholder Returns

Toyota deems the benefit of its shareholders an 
important element of its management policy and 
continues to work to improve its corporate struc-
ture and enhance its corporate value in order to 
realize sustainable growth. Toyota strives to 
ensure the stable and continuous payment of divi-
dends, seeking to maintain and improve upon the 
consolidated payout ratio of 30%. Toyota flexibly 
repurchases its common stock while comprehen-
sively considering such factors as its investment in 
growth, level of its dividends, its cash reserves 
and the price level of its common stock to pro-
mote its capital efficiency.
  For the year ended March 2022, Toyota paid an 
interim dividend of 24 yen* per share and a year-
end dividend of 28 per share, for an annual divi-
dend of 52 yen per share, up 4 yen per share from 
the previous fiscal year. 
  Toyota repurchased 435.6 billion yen of its com-
mon stock to return profits for the fiscal year ended 
March 2022 to shareholders. Of this, 185.6 billion 
yen in repurchases were flexibly executed in con-
sideration of such factors as the price level of its 
common stock. 
  With a view to surviving tough competition and 
transitioning to a mobility company, Toyota will uti-
lize its internal funds mainly for its investment in 
growth for the next generation, such as environ-
mental technologies to achieve carbon neutrality 
and safety technologies for the safety and security 
of its customers, as well as for the benefit of 
stakeholders, such as employees, business part-
ners, and local communities.
*  Post-stock split basis (values for after the five-for-one stock split 
of shares of our common stock conducted on October 1, 2021)

Strategic Shareholdings

1. Policies on Strategic Shareholdings
Toyota’s policy is to not maintain strategic share-
holdings except for in cases where such holdings 
are deemed to be meaningful. Cases where such 
holdings are deemed to be meaningful are defined 
as cases where it is determined that, in the busi-
ness of manufacturing of automobiles, in which it is 
essential to maintain a variety of cooperative rela-
tionships throughout the entire process of develop-
ment, procurement, production, distribution, and 
sales, such holdings contribute to the improvement 
of corporate value from a medium- to long-term 
perspective based on a comprehensive consider-
ation of business strategy; the establishment, 
maintenance, and strengthening of relationships 
with business partners; and contribution to and 
cooperation in the development of society.

2. Assessment of the Propriety of Strategic Shareholdings
When necessary, Toyota engages in constructive 
dialogue with the issuers of shares that it holds to 
encourage them to improve corporate value and 
achieve sustainable growth. These dialogues pro-
vide opportunities to share and address business 
challenges. Every year, at the Board of Directors, 
Toyota reviews whether its individual shareholdings 
are meaningful in light of changes in the business 
environment, specifically examines whether the 

benefits and risks from such holdings are commen-
surate with the cost of capital, etc., and assesses 
the propriety of Toyota’s strategic shareholdings.
If Toyota determines that a shareholding is no 
longer meaningful or the meaning of a shareholding 
has been diluted due to changes in the business 
environment or other reasons, Toyota will proceed 
with the sale of such shares once it has adequately 
explained its reasons for doing so to the issuer.
  Consequently, the number of companies 
whose shares Toyota strategically holds has been 
reduced to 148 (including 53 listed companies) as 
of March 31, 2022 from 200 (including 80 listed 
companies) as of March 31, 2015.

Woven Planet Bonds

In the year ended March 2021, Toyota issued 
Woven Planet Bonds to raise funds for projects 
that contribute to the achievement of the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
The issuances comprised 100.0 billion yen in 
yen-denominated straight bonds for individual 
investors, as well as 130.0 billion yen in yen- 
denominated sustainability bonds and 275.0 billion 
yen in foreign currency-denominated sustainability 
bonds for institutional investors. Furthermore, 
Toyota issued an additional 60.0 billion yen in sus-
tainability bonds in June 2022.

Dividends per share*1 (yen) 

Total amount of payment (billions of yen)
Payout ratio*2

Share repurchases (billions of yen)

2018/3
44

642.6
26.1

549.9

Total shareholder return*3 (billions of yen)
Total return ratio*4

1,200.0
48.1

2019/3
44

626.8
33.8

549.9

1,186.7
63.0

2020/3
44

610.8
30.2

199.9

810.8
39.8

2021/3
48

671.0
29.8

249.9

921.0
41.0

2022/3
52

718.2
25.3

435.6

1,153.8
40.4

*1  The above figures show dividends per common share on a post-stock split basis (values for after the five-for-one stock split of shares 

of our common stock conducted on October 1, 2021).

*2  Payout ratio: This is the ratio of (i) the amount of dividend per common share to (ii) net income attributable to Toyota Motor Corporation 

per common share.

*3  Includes dividends paid for First Series Model AA Class Shares until 2019/3; these dividends are not included from 2020/3 onward due 

to the application of IFRS.

*4  Total return ratio: Total shareholder returns divided by net income attributable to Toyota Motor Corporation.

3 9

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
The Environment (Climate Change-related Financial Disclosures Based on the TCFD Recommendations)

*TCFD (Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)

 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Toyota endorsed and signed on to the recom-
mendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 

(TCFD) in April 2019 and appropriately discloses 
information concerning climate change-related 
risks and opportunities and its analysis thereof.

Governance

a)  The Board’s Oversight of Climate-related 

Risks and Opportunities

Toyota addresses climate-related issues at the 
Board of Directors’ meetings to ensure effective 
strategy formulation and implementation in line 
with latest societal trends. The Board deliberates 
and oversees related strategy, major action plans, 
and business plans, and important climate-related 
matters are included in the Board’s agenda. 
  The Board of Directors monitors progress 
toward qualitative and quantitative targets for 
addressing climate issues. As part of monitoring, 
the Board considers climate-related issues, 
including risks/opportunities related to products, 
such as fuel efficiency/emission regulations, and 
risks/opportunities related to low-carbon technol-
ogy development, as well as the financial impact 
thereof. These governance mechanisms are used 
in formulating long-term strategy, including the 
Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, and in 

Bodies That Address Climate Change Issues

formulating and revising medium- to long-term 
targets and action plans.
  Examples of decisions made by the Board of 
Directors in 2021 include the following.
  The Board decided to invest in Toyota Green 
Energy, which was established jointly by Toyota, 
Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., and Toyota Tsusho 
Corporation. Toyota Green Energy is a new com-
pany that will obtain and manage renewable energy 
sources in Japan with the aim of supplying electric 
power to the Toyota Group in the future.

b)  Management’s Role in Assessing and Managing 

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities

The Board of Directors is Toyota’s ultimate decision- 
making and oversight body for addressing climate- 
related issues. The committees below are the 
major bodies for assessing and managing climate- 
related risks and opportunities.

Frequency of reporting on  
climate related issues to the 
Board of Directors

Roles

Sustainability Meeting

Environmental Product Design 
Assessment Committee

Production Environment 
Committee

Every six months

When an important  
event arises

When an important  
event arises

•  Deliberates and reports 
on the formulation of 
measures to solve  
climate-related and 
other sustainability 
issues

•  Manages the assess-

ment of product-related 
risks and opportunities, 
formulation and imple-
mentation of strategy 
and plans, monitoring, 
etc.

•  Manages the assessment 
of plant- and production- 
related risks and  
opportunities, decisions 
on countermeasures, 
monitoring, etc.

Strategy

a)  Climate-related Risks and Opportunities 
the Organization Has Identified over the 
Short, Medium, and Long Term

Toyota strives to identify the various risks and 
opportunities that will arise from environmental 
issues, takes action while continuously confirming 
the validity of strategies, such as the Toyota 
Environmental Challenge 2050, and works to 
enhance its competitiveness.

In particular, climate change requires measures in 

a variety of areas, including the adoption of new 
technology and responding to tighter government 
regulations. As climate change progresses, higher 

temperatures, rising sea levels, and increases in the 
severity of such natural disasters as storms and 
flooding are expected. Such developments may 
have various impacts on Toyota’s business fields. 
These impacts may pose risks to Toyota’s business. 
However, we believe that responding appropriately to 
the impacts of climate change can lead to enhanced 
competitiveness and the acquisition of new business 
opportunities. In accordance with this understanding, 
we have categorized the risks relating to climate 
change and identified particularly significant risks in 
line with risk management processes based on the 
degree of impact and stakeholder interest.

Significant Risks and Opportunities and Toyota’s Measures

Risks

Opportunities

Toyota’s measures

Scenario analysis

Stated policies 
future 
storyline

1.5 °C or less/
2 °C future  
storyline

Impacts will be 
in line with cur-
rent conditions

Impacts will 
increase

Tightening of reg-
ulations for fuel 
efficiency and 
ZEVs (acceleration 
of electrification)

Expansion of 
carbon pricing

•  Fines for failure to meet 
fuel efficiency regulations
•  Decrease in total vehi-

•  Increase in sales of 
electrified vehicles
•  Increase in profits 

•  Maintaining top-level fuel efficiency 
(currently the highest in Europe)
•  Increase in investment in batteries 

cle sales due to delays 
in complying with ZEV 
regulations

from external sales 
of electrification 
systems

and shift of resources

•  Start of sales of electrification systems
•  Expansion osf electrified vehicle 

•  Impairment of internal 
combustion engine 
manufacturing facilities
•  Increase in production 
and purchasing costs 
due to the introduction 
of carbon taxes, etc.

lineup

•  Reduction of CO2 emissions from 

vehicles currently in use

•  Decrease in energy 
costs due to the 
introduction of energy- 
saving technology

•  Comprehensive reduction of energy 
use and promotion of renewable 
energy and hydrogen use

•  Promotion of emission reductions in 

Impacts will be 
in line with cur-
rent conditions

Impacts will 
increase

collaboration with suppliers

Increase in fre-
quency and 
severity of natu-
ral disasters

•  Production suspension 
due to damage to pro-
duction sites and sup-
ply chain disruptions 
caused by natural 
disasters

•  Increase in demand for 
electrified vehicles due 
to increased need for 
supply of power from 
automobiles during 
emergency situations

•  Continuous adaptive improvements 

to business continuity plans (BCPs) in 
light of disaster experiences

•  Reinforcement of information gather-
ing in collaboration with suppliers to 
avoid purchasing delays

Impacts will 
increase

Impacts will be 
in line with cur-
rent conditions

b)  Impact of Climate-related Risks and 

Opportunities on the Organization’s Businesses, 
Strategy, and Financial Planning

Recognizing that climate-related issues may 
have a substantive impact on its businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning, Toyota reviews 
its strategy based on the risks and opportunities 
associated with climate-related issues whenever 

necessary. The table on page 41 describes the 
specific impacts on our businesses, strategy, 
and financial planning.
  Toyota identifies risks, determines their degree 
of significance, and sets priorities in accordance 
with the Toyota Global Risk Management 
Standard (TGRS). Details regarding the TGRS are 
provided on page 42 under “Risk Management.”

4 0

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Impact on Strategy

Recognition

Products and services
•  Social trends toward decar-

bonization
•  Reflected in fuel efficiency 
and other regulations in 
many countries

•  Greatly affecting product 

development and production

Supply chains/value chains
•  The business of manufacture and sale of automobiles emits 
large amounts of CO2 and other greenhouse gases from its 
product production and the entire value chain.

Investments in R&D
•  Toyota’s acceleration of R&D to respond 
to tightened regulations and changes in 
consumer needs caused by climate 
change has led to:
•  Promotion of the R&D of electri-

fied vehicles

•  Increased R&D expenditures

Adaptation activities and mitigation Activities
•  Automobile manufacturing, Toyota’s main busi-

ness, entails a large amount of emissions of CO2 
and other greenhouse gases from each process. 
•  Influences of social trends toward decarbonization
•  Payment of carbon taxes
•  Emissions trading through carbon pricing
•  Costs of use of renewable energy and hydrogen

The following strategies were influenced:
• Long-term strategy (2050 Target): Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 announced in 2015
• Medium-term strategy (2030 Target): 2030 Milestone announced in 2017
• Short-term strategy (2025 Target): 7th Toyota Environmental Action Plan announced in 2020

Specific 
influence

•  In each of the above strate-

gies, the numerical target for 
CO2 emissions reduction was 
set as part of the New Vehicle 
Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

•  In each of the above strategies, the numerical target for CO2 
emissions reduction in the entire value chain was set as part 
of the Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

•  In 2021, the decision to aim for sales of 3.5 million battery 

electric vehicles (BEVs) in 2030 was announced.

•  In each of the above strategies, 

the sales target for electrified vehi-
cles was set as part of the New 
Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions 
Challenge.

•  In each of the above strategies, the numerical tar-
get for CO2 emissions reduction related to plant 
operations was set as part of the Plant Zero CO2 
Emissions Challenge.

•  In 2021, the decision to aim for carbon neutrality at 

•  The medium-term strategy takes into account the following:

•  In 2021, the decision to aim for 

plants by 2035 was announced.

•  Manufacturing and disposal of batteries for the manufacture 

of electrified vehicles

•  Collaboration with suppliers
•  Risks and opportunities related to recycling

sales of 3.5 million BEVs in 2030 
was announced.

•  R&D expenditures are required to 

achieve this target.

c)  Resilience of the Organization’s Strategy, Taking 
into Consideration Different Climate-related 
Scenarios, including a 2°C or Lower Scenario

STEP 2

STEP 3

Consider the Impacts on Toyota

Toyota’s Strategies

STEP 1

Set Future Storylines Assuming Climate 

Change Effects

Climate change and the policies of various coun-
tries may expose the automobile industry and 
mobility society as a whole to substantial chang-
es. These changes will present both risks and 
opportunities for Toyota. Based on risk and 
opportunity analysis, using such scenarios*1 as 
those of the International Energy Agency (IEA), we 
envisioned three future storylines of society and 
the external environment in around 2030: the stat-
ed policies future storyline, 2°C future storyline, 
and 1.5°C or less future storyline.
*1  Set with reference to such scenarios as the IPCC’s 

Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) 4.5 equivalent, 
IEA’s Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS), Sustainable 
Development Scenario (SDS), and Net Zero Emissions by 
2050 Scenario (NZE)

In a society of the below 2°C future storyline or the 
1.5°C or less future storyline, in which climate change 
measures make steady progress, the percentage of 
vehicles that are electrified (especially ZEVs*2) will 
increase. In the society of the 1.5°C or less future 
storyline in particular, the percentage of ZEVs among 
new vehicle sales will likely increase greatly while the 
use of carbon-neutral fuels*3 will also expand. With 
regard to effects on production and purchasing, since 
the introduction of carbon taxes and increased tax 
rates may lead to higher costs, expanding the use of 
energy-saving technology, renewable energy, and 
hydrogen will mitigate risks.
  On the other hand, if adequate climate change 
measures are not implemented throughout soci-
ety, as described in the stated policies future sto-
ryline, production suspensions due to the 
increased frequency and severity of natural disas-
ters, such as flooding, as well as production 
decreases and suspensions due to supply chain 
disruptions are likely to increase.
*2  ZEV: Zero emission vehicles. Vehicles that have the potential to 
emit no CO2 or NOx during driving, such as BEVs and FCEVs

*3  Carbon-neutral fuels: Next-generation biofuels and  

synthetic fuels

In April 2021, Toyota proclaimed that it would 
address global-scale challenges to achieve car-
bon neutrality by 2050. As an initiative to this end, 
we have been working on environmental technol-
ogy development for electrified vehicles, such as 
hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs), plug-in hybrid vehi-
cles (PHEVs), battery EVs (BEVs), and fuel cell 
vehicles (FCEVs). We believe environmental tech-
nologies can contribute to reduction of CO2 emis-
sions only when they are widely disseminated.
  Toyota currently conducts sales in over 170 
countries and regions, among which economic 
conditions, energy and industrial policies, and 
customer needs vary significantly. Therefore, it is 
important to have a strategy that offers a variety of 
electrified vehicle options to optimally meet the 
diverse needs of each country and region.
  Based on this electrified vehicle strategy, Toyota 
has sold a cumulative total of over 20 million elec-
trified vehicles worldwide. As one of the first com-
panies to respond to climate change risks, Toyota 
has achieved a CO2 emissions reduction of over 
160 million tons through these vehicles (as of 
March, 2022).

4 1

  Going forward, with regard to BEVs, we will 
successively introduce models based on a dedi-
cated platform in 2022 and seek to supply practi-
cal vehicles through battery development and 
production strategies. In December 2021, we 
announced our aim of developing 30 types of 
BEVs and achieving a full lineup in the passenger 
and commercial segments globally by 2030, with 
the target of 3.5 million annual global vehicle sales 
by 2030. To achieve this, we will advance the sale 
of electrified vehicles optimized to fit regional con-
ditions and customer preferences.

In addition to BEVs, we are promoting electrifi-
cation from all directions. We will flexibly and stra-
tegically adapt total vehicle sales and other 
conditions in response to changes in the market 
while leveraging the strengths that we have 
gained through experience. This will encourage 
customers in each region to choose us and accel-
erate the increased use of electrified vehicles.
  Even if battery demand increases in accordance 
with shifts in customer needs, as in the 2°C or 
1.5°C or less future storyline, we will flexibly work 
toward carbon neutrality by such means as 
enhancing collaboration with existing and new 
partners and swiftly establishing production struc-
tures at suppliers that have capital ties with Toyota.
In addition to increasing the number of electri-
fied vehicles, Toyota is working on CO2-reducing 
off-cycle technology*4 (items not necessarily 
reflected in driving mode fuel efficiency). Carbon-
neutral fuel technologies, such as hydrogen fuel 
and hydrogen engine vehicles, will also contribute 
to reducing the CO2 emissions of vehicles, includ-
ing vehicles currently in use. We are therefore 
working to expand options for such technologies.
*4  Off-cycle technology: Technologies such as high efficiency light-
ing, waste heat recovery, active aerodynamic improvement, and 
solar radiation/temperature management that improve actual 
fuel consumption. The United States has a system of offering 
credits in proportion to the amount of improvement achieved.

Achieving Carbon Neutrality

To achieve carbon neutrality in the automotive 
industry, it is vital that energy policies (renewable 
energy, charging infrastructure, etc.) and industrial 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

policies (purchasing subsidies, supplier support, 
battery recycling systems, etc.) are advanced in a 
unified manner. Initiatives must be implemented in 
coordination with various stakeholders, such as 
national governments and industry organizations. 
In its global business activities, Toyota will coor-

dinate with national governments to establish 
infrastructure for promoting electrification while 
implementing electrified vehicle strategies that 
contribute to reducing CO2 emissions throughout 
the entire vehicle life cycle.

Initiatives in the Production Field
In the production field, we have announced that we 
aim to achieve carbon neutrality at global plants by 
2035, and we are implementing preparations to 
face such risks as carbon taxes. We are promoting 
the reduction of CO2 emissions through compre-
hensive energy-saving conservation and the intro-
duction of renewable energy and hydrogen at 
plants. We have already achieved 100 percent 
renewable electricity use at all plants in Europe. 

Reinforcing Strategic Resilience 

Toyota will prepare measures to respond to natu-
ral disasters, such as formulating (BCPs, strength-
ening supply chains by enhancing information 
gathering, and improving communication.
  Working together with not only the automobile 
industry but all industries, Toyota will implement 
initiatives that are both practical and sustainable, 
continuously striving to ensure compatibility with 
the society of the 1.5°C or less future storyline.
  To demonstrate progress and validate Toyota’s 
strategies, we will appropriately disclose informa-
tion regarding various ESG assessment indicators 
and enhance dialogue with stakeholders, includ-
ing institutional investors. We believe that this will 
enable stable fund procurement and sustained 
corporate value enhancement.

Media Briefing on Batteries and Carbon Neutrality 

(September 7, 2021) 

Media Briefing on Battery EV Strategies  

(December 14, 2021) 

Risk Management

a)  The Organization’s Processes for Identifying and 

Assessing Climate-related Risks

Toyota has a Company-wide risk management 
system that covers all risks related to its corporate 
activities and conduct, including climate change. 
This system is called the Toyota Global Risk 
Management Standard (TGRS). All risks, including 
climate change, are identified and assessed 
based on the TGRS.
  Risk assessment is carried out based on the 
two perspectives of magnitude of impact and vul-
nerabilities to clarify the substantive financial or 
strategic impact on the Company’s business.
  The magnitude of impact is assessed compre-
hensively based on the four elements of finance, 
reputation, violation of laws and regulations, and 
business continuity. Financial impact is assessed 
on a five-point scale using the ratio to sales as an 
indicator. Reputation, violation of laws and regula-
tions, and business continuation are also 
assessed on a five-point scale.
  Vulnerabilities are assessed based on the two 
elements of countermeasures and clarity of 
responsible organizations.
  These assessments are comprehensively exam-
ined to reach a comprehensive assessment of the 
level of seriousness of risks on a four-point scale.

b)  The Organization’s Processes for Managing 

Climate-related Risks

Once risks by region, function (manufacturing, 
sales, etc.), and product are identified by each 
division and assessed from the perspectives of 
magnitude of impact and vulnerability according 
to the TGRS, each region and each group mutual-
ly cooperates and supports one another to imple-
ment a prompt response. The group chief officers 
and in-house company presidents supervise the 
activities of the in-house companies and, at the 
subordinate level, the general managers supervise 
the activities of divisions and implement and mon-
itor countermeasures.
  Furthermore, climate-related risks and oppor-

tunities are identified and assessed by the 
Environmental Product Design Assessment 
Committee and Production Environment 
Committee and then deliberated by the relevant 
divisions and officers. The Environmental 
Product Design Assessment Committee moni-
tors the status of efforts to deal with such issues 
as fuel economy regulations and procurement, 
while the Production Environment Committee 
does the same for such issues as direct opera-
tions, including CO2 emission regulations on 
plants and water risk. 
  Meetings of these two committees are held 
when an important event arises with the participa-
tion of executive- or general manager-level mem-
bers of relevant divisions, such as technology, 
environment, finance, purchasing, and sales. 
These committees assess risks multiple times a 
year. Important risks and opportunities that 
require prompt response are reported as needed 
to the Board of Directors Meeting, where 
response measures are determined.

c)  How Processes for Identifying, Assessing, and 
Managing Climate-related Risks are Integrated 
into the Organization’s Overall Risk Management

As described above, the processes using the 
TGRS constitute a Company-wide risk manage-
ment system that covers all risks and opportuni-
ties related to corporate activities and conduct, 
including climate change.
  At the meetings of the Environmental Product 
Design Assessment Committee and Production 
Environment Committee, which bring together 
members from relevant divisions, climate-related 
risks and opportunities are identified and 
assessed, and countermeasures are examined.

Metrics and Targets

a)  Metrics Used by the Organization to Assess 

Climate-related Risks and Opportunities in Line 
with Its Strategy and Risk Management Process

Toyota recognizes that setting multiple metrics 
to comprehensively manage climate-related 

risks and opportunities is an important measure 
for adaptation to and mitigation of climate 
change. As such, Toyota’s metrics include not 
only the amount of CO2 emissions but also 
other elements deeply related to climate 
change, such as energy, water, resource recy-
cling, and biodiversity.
  These metrics are systematically incorporated 
into the following targets as the “six challenges.”
•  The Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, a 

long-term target for 2050

•  The 2030 Milestone, a medium-term target 

for 2030

•  The Seventh Toyota Environmental Action Plan, 

a short-term target for 2025

  Toyota aims to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 
based on the following three “zero challenges.”
•  The Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, cover-
ing Scope 1, 2, and 3 along with voluntary initiatives
•  The New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, 
focused on TtW* of Category 11 of Scope 3. 
•  The Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, cover-
ing Scopes 1 and 2 at production bases and 
some non-consolidated affiliates (Scope 3)

Furthermore, Toyota announced in 2021 that it 
will aim to achieve carbon neutrality at plants by 
2035. Internally, certain carbon prices are used 
as indicators to examine capital investment and 
other activities. 
*  TtW: Tank to wheel. CO2 emissions during driving (CO2 emis-
sions during the production of the fuel and electricity are not 
included; TtW emissions are zero for BEVs and FCEVs

b)  Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if Appropriate, 

Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions, 
and the Related Risks

Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from 2019 to 2021 
were as shown in the following table. In addition, 
through the sale of electrified vehicles, as of 
March 2022, Toyota had achieved a cumulative 
CO2 emission reduction effect of approximately 
162 million t-CO2.

4 2

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

CO2 Emissions
Scope 1 (Direct Emissions), Scope 2 (Energy-related 
Indirect Emissions) and Scope 3 (Other Indirect 
Emissions); Global

(million t-CO2)

Scope 1
(Direct Emissions)
Scope 2
(Energy-related 
Indirect Emissions)
Scope 3*1
Total

2019

2.94

2020

2.45

2021

2.56

3.90

3.42

3.69

364.34
371.18

324.97
330.84*2

373.36
379.60

Scope: Toyota Motor Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries
*1  The scope for the use of sold products category is Toyota 

Motor Corporation and Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd.; data for the 
consolidated Group will be disclosed when available

*2  The number of vehicles manufactured was lower in 2020 due 

to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Progress toward Emissions Reduction Targets 
Validated and Approved by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi)*3

1) Emissions Reduction Targets
SBTi validated Toyota’s emissions reduction target for 
Scopes 1 and 2 as in line with its 1.5°C criteria in 
September 2022. In conjunction with this validation, 
SBTi also approved Toyota’s emission intensity targets 
for Scope 3 Category 11 as in line with its well below 
2°C criteria.
*3  SBTi: An initiative established by CDP, the United Nations 
Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI), and the 
World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)

2) Scope 1 & 2 Emissions Reductions (million t-CO2)
2019 2020 2021

(a) Toyota Motor Corporation and consolidat-
ed subsidiaries
(b) Toyota vehicle production plants of uncon-
solidated subsidiaries (production processes)
Total (a) + (b)

6.84

5.87

6.24

0.54 0.81

0.77

7.38 6.69

7.01

Organizational Boundary: The sum of the above (a) + (b)
Reduction Target: 68% reduction by 2035, compared to 2019 levels
Progress: Refer to total CO2 emissions of (a) and (b) in each year shown above

3) Scope 3 Category 11 Emissions Reductions
The data will be disclosed as 
soon as they are available.

Cumulative CO2 Emissions Reduction Effect from Electrified Vehicles

(million units)

Annual
Cumulative

(Cumulative) 
20.3 million

(million units)
3.0

20

15

10

5

0

1997
0

50

100

150

4
*
s
e
a
s

l

l

e
v
i
t
a
u
m
u
C

t
c
e
f
f
e

n
o
i
t
c
u
d
e
r

i

s
n
o
s
s
m
e

i

2

O
C
e
v
i
t
a
u
m
u
C

l

2002

2007

2012

2017

2022

Annual
Cumulative

200
(million t-CO2)

(Cumulative) 
162 million t-CO2

25
(million t-CO2)

*4  Vehicle sales figures are the total of HEV, PHEV, BEV, and FCEV sales

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

0.5

0

0

5

10

15

20

A
n
n
u
a

l

l

s
a
e
s
*
4

r
e
d
u
c
t
i
o
n

e
f
f
e
c
t

A
n
n
u
a

l

C
O

2

i

e
m
s
s
o
n
s

i

c)  Targets Used by the Organization to Manage 
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities and 
Performance Against Targets

Structure of Environmental Strategies
Toyota is continuously monitoring social trends 
and customer opinions. Toyota considers which 
issues it should focus on, quickly anticipates 
future issues, and addresses environmental issues 
by applying new ideas and technologies. 
However, global environmental issues, such as 
climate change, water shortages, resource deple-
tion, and biodiversity loss continue to spread and 
grow more serious every day.
  We formulated the Toyota Environmental 
Challenge 2050 in 2015 and the 2030 Milestone 
in 2018 so that each one of us can understand 
better these issues and continue to tackle chal-
lenges from a long-term perspective, looking 
toward the world 20 and 30 years in the future. In 
2020, we set the 2025 Target as the most recent 
target of the Toyota Environmental Action Plan, a 
five-year plan for achieving the above targets. 
Through a process of back casting from Toyota’s 
medium- and long-term vision, we determine spe-
cific activities that we implement in collaboration 
with our global consolidated subsidiaries and 

Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050

2030 Milestone

2021 Initiatives (Results)

Completely eliminate all CO2 
emissions throughout the 
entire vehicle life cycle

Reduce global*6 average CO2 
emissions (TtW) from new vehi-
cles by 90 percent compared to 
Toyota’s 2010 levels by 2050

•  Reduce CO2 emissions by 25 percent or more*5 throughout the 

entire vehicle life cycle compared to 2013 levels

•  Reduced CO2 emissions by 13 percent throughout the entire vehicle life cycle 

compared to 2013 levels

•  In 2021, four new models were assessed, and 45 of the total 61 models available 

for sale (74 percent coverage) in 2021 in Japan were assessed using the Eco 
Vehicle Assessment System (Eco-VAS)

•  Reduced global*6 average CO2 emissions from new vehicles by 24 percent com-

•  Reduce global*6 average CO2 emissions (TtW, g/km) from new 

vehicles by 35 percent or more*7 compared to 2010 levels

pared to 2010 levels by improving environmental performance and expanding vehi-
cle lineups

Achieve zero CO2 emissions 
at global plants by 2050

•  Reduce CO2 emissions from global plants by 35  

percent compared to 2013 levels

• Achieved cumulative global sales of 20.3 million electrified vehicles

•  Introduced innovative technologies, including a new type of paint atomizer (airless paint 
atomizer) that uses static electricity and promoted energy-saving through daily kaizen

•  Reduced CO2 emissions by 21 percent compared to 2013 levels
•  Achieved a 13 percent introduction rate for renewable electricity
•  Continuously conducted various verification tests to support the utilization of hydrogen
•  Stationary fuel cell (FC) generators diverting on-board FCs, use of hydrogen burners 
for sealer drying furnaces in the battery assembly process, production of water 
electrolysis-based hydrogen by solar power, and use of FC forklifts

*5  By promoting activities for the milestones of New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge and Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, and with support from stakeholders such as suppliers, energy providers, 

infrastructure developers, governments and customers

*6 Countries and regions: Japan, the United States, Europe, China, Canada, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, India, Australia, Taiwan, Thailand, and Indonesia
*7 The figures are estimates and subject to change due to market conditions

4 3

business partners with the aim of realizing a sus-
tainable world. 

Environmental Management System: 

Organizational Boundary and 

Management Steps

We have built an environmental management sys-
tem that covers 493 companies considered con-
solidated subsidiaries on an accounting basis and 
nine unconsolidated vehicle production compa-
nies (as of 2021). Under this system, we carry out 
the following three steps.
  We will maintain and improve this system in the 
future so that we can further promote environ-
mental initiatives.

Environmental Management Steps
1.  Organize internal structures (governance system)
2.  Ensure thorough risk management and compli-

ance (including voluntary actions)
3. Maximize environmental performance

ISO 14001/ISO 50001

As of 2021, all plants of Toyota Motor Corporation and 
consolidated subsidiaries (122 companies) have 
obtained ISO 14001 certification, and eight of these 
companies have also obtained ISO 50001 certification.

Awards Received

Selected for Two CDP A Lists
In December 2021, Toyota was selected for inclu-
sion in the climate change A List and water secu-
rity A List—the highest rankings in these 
categories—by CDP.*8
*8  CDP: An international NGO 

that encourages and 
assesses corporate disclo-
sures on environmental 
actions based on calls from 
global institutional investors 
with high levels of interest in 
environmental issues

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Vehicle Safety

Fundamental Approach

For Toyota to achieve its ultimate goal of eliminat-
ing traffic accident causalities, the development of 
safe vehicles is, of course, important, but it is also 
essential to educate people, including drivers and 
pedestrians, and to ensure safe traffic infrastruc-
ture, including traffic signals and roads.
  To achieve a safe mobility society, Toyota 
believes it will be important to implement an inte-
grated three-part initiative involving people, vehi-
cles, and the traffic environment, as well as to 
pursue real-world safety by learning from actual 
accidents and incorporating that knowledge into 
vehicle development.
  Toyota has defined its Integrated Safety 
Management Concept as the basic philosophy 
behind its technologies for eliminating traffic casu-
alties and is moving forward with development.

Integrated Safety Management Concept

Toyota provides optimized driver support for rea-
sonable safety at every stage of driving, from park-
ing to normal operation, the moment before a 
collision, during a collision, and post-collision emer-
gency response. We also aim to enhance safety by 
reinforcing links between vehicle safety systems, 
rather than thinking about each system as a sepa-

Vehicles
Development of tech-
nologies for accident 
avoidance and driver/
passenger protection 
in collisions

Development and 
assessment
Evaluation of actual 
vehicles to work 
toward safe vehicles 
and incorporate pre-
ventive technologies 
into vehicles

People
Raising awareness of traffic 
safety through lectures, etc.

Integrated 
Three Part 
Initiative

Traffic environment
Information on traffic 
jams, and maintenance 
and management of 
traffic lights and roads

Accident investigation  
and analysis
Investigation and analysis of 
actual accidents

Pursuing 
Real-world 
Safety

Simulations
Accident simulation to 
Develop preventive 
measures

rate component. These are the approaches behind 
our Integrated Safety Management Concept.

Active Safety

The Toyota Safety Sense system packages multiple 
active safety functions that help reduce serious traf-
fic accidents causing death or injury. The major 
functions Pre-Collision Safety (PCS), which assists 
in avoiding and mitigating damage from collisions 
with cars ahead or pedestrians; Lane Departure 
Alert (LDA), which contributes to preventing acci-
dents caused by leaving the lane of travel; and 
Automatic High Beam (AHB), which helps ensure 
optimal forward visibility during nighttime driving.
  Since its market launch in 2015, Toyota Safety 
Sense has been installed in more than 32.5 million 
vehicles globally (as of July 2022). Toyota Safety 
Sense is now available on nearly all passenger car 
models (as standard or option) in the Japanese, 
U.S., and European markets. It has also been 
introduced in a total of 120 countries and regions, 
including such key markets as China, other select 
Asian countries, the Middle East, and Australia.

Passive Safety

Passive safety combines vehicle bodies that absorbs 
the energy of collisions with devices that provide 
support to protect drivers, passengers, and pedes-
trians and thereby minimize collision damage.

In 1995, in the pursuit of world-leading safety, 

Toyota created its own stringent internal target 
related to passive safety performance called 
“Global Outstanding Assessment (GOA)” and 
developed a collision-safety body structure and 
passenger protection devices. Since then, Toyota 
has continued to evolve GOA, striving to improve 
the real-world safety performance of its vehicles in 
a wide variety of accidents.
  To analyze vehicle-related injuries, Toyota
collaborated with Toyota Central R&D Labs., Inc. 
to develop the Total Human Model for Safety 
(THUMS), a virtual human body model. THUMS is 

being used in the research and development of a 
variety of safety technologies, including seat belts, 
airbags, and other safety devices, as well as vehi-
cle structures that mitigate injuries in accidents 
involving pedestrians. Toyota made the THUMS 
software available on its website free of charge in 
January 2021 in the hope that as many users as 
possible will benefit from it.

Emergency Response

Every minute counts in the response to an accident 
or medical emergency. In the event of an accident or 
medical emergency, Toyota’s HELPNET® emergency 
reporting system service contacts a dedicated oper-
ator that then contacts police, fire, or ambulance 
services to ensure the rapid dispatch of emergency 
vehicles. HELPNET® automatically contacts an oper-
ator when the airbags deploy and supports D-Call 
Net®, a service that makes quick deployment deci-
sions for air ambulances. This service is provided by 
sending vehicle data to the HELPNET center from an 
on-board data communication module (DCM). 

Automated Driving Technologies

Toyota has been engaged in the research and 
development of automated driving technologies 
since the 1990s. The Mobility Teammate Concept 
is an automated driving concept unique to Toyota 
that seeks to enhance communication between 
drivers and their cars, enabling them to assist one 
another in coordinated driving as companions. 
Rather than cars taking over driving from people 
and replacing them, drivers and cars act as part-
ners to protect one another so that drivers can 
enjoy the experience of driving while deferring to 
automated driving at times, achieving truly safe, 
secure and unrestricted mobility.
  The Lexus LS and Mirai models launched in April 
2021 are equipped with Toyota/Lexus Teammate 
state-of-the-art driving assist technology, with some 
grades including Advanced Drive, a system that 
assists driving on an expressways or other 

motor-vehicle-only roadways. The Advanced Drive 
on-board system will appropriately detects the vehi-
cle’s surroundings, make decisions, and assist driv-
ing under the driver’s supervision according to 
actual traffic conditions. It can keep the vehicle in its 
lane, maintain the distance from other vehicles, nav-
igate a lane split, change lanes, and overtake other 
vehicles until leaving the roadway for the destina-
tion. The system achieves high levels of safety and 
peace of mind, reducing driver fatigue and providing 
a pleasant journey to the driver’s destination.
  Deep learning-focused AI technologies support 
driving by predicting and responding to a wide vari-
ety of situations that could occur when driving . In 
addition, Advanced Drive uses software updates. 
The system continues to add features and improve 
performance to enhance the driving experience and 
provide the latest safety technologies even after the 
vehicle has been delivered to the customer.
  Cars have many uses, and needs continue to 
diversify. Accordingly, Toyota is advancing R&D 
into automated driving technologies not only for 
personally owned vehicles (POVs), but also in the 
field of mobility as a service (MaaS). Toyota is one 
of the first companies to launch advanced auto-
mated driving technology for vehicles sold to cor-
porate customers. Data collected from these 
vehicles will then be collected, analyzed, and fed 
back into development to further evolve automat-
ed driving technologies for POVs.

Raising Traffic Safety Awareness

Toyota carries out awareness-raising initiatives 
for drivers and pedestrians to help prevent 
traffic accidents. 
  One such initiative for drivers is the Toyota Driver 
Communication safe driving technique seminar 
held periodically at Toyota Safety Education Center 
Mobilitas, on the grounds of Fuji Speedway. For 
pedestrians, in cooperation with Toyota dealers 
across Japan, Toyota has been donating traffic 
safety teaching materials to kindergartens and 
nursery schools nationwide since 1969.

4 4

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Quality and Information Security

Quality

Fundamental Approach

The origins of Toyota’s “Customer First” and 
“Quality First” principles lie in the Five Main 
Principles of Toyoda, which embody the thinking 
of Sakichi Toyoda, and the spirit of audit and 
improvement espoused by Kiichiro Toyoda. Since 
its foundation, Toyota has built a corporate culture 
that focuses particular attention on quality that will 
produce customer smiles and on Kaizen (continu-
ous improvement) achieved through Genchi 
Genbutsu (onsite, hands-on experience). Each 
employee in every area maintains a constant and 
strong awareness of issues and a sense of own-
ership, making ongoing efforts to implement 
Kaizen and collaborate closely with personnel in 
other fields in order to enhance customer safety, 
peace of mind, and satisfaction.
  Toyota sees quality as the combination of prod-
uct quality, sales and service quality, and, as the 
foundation supporting these, the quality of the 
work performed by each employee.

  We believe that products and services that gain 
the confidence of customers can be created only 
when all employees across every process—from 
development, purchasing, production, and sales 
to after-sales service—build quality into their work, 
coordinate with one another across processes, 
and implement the quality assurance cycle.

Fostering Awareness and Corporate Culture

To foster a corporate culture in which each member 
is committed to building in high quality, Toyota 
works to develop human resources and improve 
work quality by holding quality awareness promotion 
events for all employees every year and by providing 
qualification-specific education in quality assurance. 
Furthermore, February 24, the anniversary of the day 
that President Akio Toyoda attended the U.S. 
Congressional hearings held to investigate the series 
of recall issues that occurred in 2010, has been des-
ignated “Toyota Restart Day.” We have created 
mechanisms and are taking measures to raise 
awareness in order to keep the lessons learned from 
the series of recall issues fresh.

Quality Assurance Cycle

Audit and improvement

Sales and after-sales service

•  Collection of quality information 

in the market

• Dealer education and instruction
• Service parts warranty, etc.

Logistics

•  Establishment of and instruction 

on transportation standards

•  Quality deterioration prevention, etc.

Inspection

•  Inspection planning and 

implementation

•  Checking and maintenance of 

inspection tools, equipment, etc.

Quality assurance

Purchasing

•  Verification of supplier capability
•  Conclusion of business con-

tracts, etc.

Production

•  Manufacturing quality assurance
•  Process maintenance and con-

trol, etc.

Product planning

•  Product plan formulation
•  Development target setting
•  Quality target setting, etc.

Development

•  Product basic plan formulation
•  Design quality assurance
•  Prototype evaluation, etc.

Production preparations

•  Process and equipment planning
•  Process capability allocation
•  Inspection method establish-

ment and measurement of initial 
products, etc.

4 5

In 2014, Toyota established its Customer Quality 

Learning Center as a crucial education facility for 
conveying the experiences and lessons learned from 
the series of recall issues to future generations of 
employees. Recent quality issues are added to 
update the Center’s program every year to maintain 
focus on lessons we have learned. We have also set 
up customer quality learning centers unique to indi-
vidual plants and global sites as part of efforts to 
ensure employees in each region and at each plant 
thoroughly understand the importance of quality.

Information Security

Fundamental Approach

Cyber attacks are growing more sophisticated and 
complex. Their corporate targets include confiden-
tial information, information systems, plant and 
vehicle control system networks, such as those for 
onboard devices, as well as supply chains. Toyota 
strives to protect information assets against the 
threat and risks of cyber attacks and ensure cus-
tomer safety and peace of mind. We implement 
measures to prevent information leakage based on 
the Information Security Policy. 

Information Security Policy 

Information Security Initiatives

To prevent leaks of confidential information and 
protect product information assets from cyber 
attacks, Toyota implements inspections and audits 
based on the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG).
  ATSG ensures information security through a 
multi-faceted approach encompassing organiza-
tional management, human resource management, 
technical security, physical security, and incident/
accident response. To adapt to recent environmen-
tal changes, ATSG is revised periodically.
  By annually inspecting the information security 

initiatives being implemented at consolidated 
subsidiaries and other Group companies in line 
with ATSG, Toyota works to ensure the continu-
ous maintenance and improvement of their infor-
mation security. A specialized team continuously 
carries out on-site audits of each company to 
check responses to ATSG and the status of 
implementation of physical security measures at 
each company.
  Furthermore, in terms of automobile-related ini-
tiatives, Toyota is a member of the Automotive 
Information Sharing & Analysis Center (Auto-ISAC) 
in Japan and the United States, a framework for 
sharing knowledge related to information security, 
and actively utilizes it to learn promptly about cases 
that occur within the industry and put them to use 
in development.

Defending against Information Leaks 

and External Attacks

To defend against information leaks and external 
attacks, a specialized team performs information 
gathering and monitoring functions. When prob-
lems arise, a response team, including members of 
management, is formed to resolve the situation 
appropriately and promptly. 
  The specialized team conducts training at least 
once a year based on assumptions of increasingly 
complex and sophisticated threats and prepares 
procedure scenarios for rapid recovery to ensure 
readiness in case of a large-scale issue.

In addition, we receive third-party evaluations 
based on NIST SP800-82/53, ISO 27001/27002, 
IEC 62443 and other standards regarding the sta-
tus of security measures pertaining to management 
and technical aspects of security systems. We 
implement measures to address problems identi-
fied through these evaluations as needed, working 
to raise the level of security.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Intellectual Property and Privacy

Intellectual Property 

Fundamental Approach

By ambitiously engaging in forward-looking 
research and development, Toyota strives to 
enhance product appeal and technological prow-
ess, which have served as the sources of 
Toyota’s competitiveness. At the core of Toyota’s 
products created through this research and 
development lies intellectual property, including 
inventions, know-how, and brands. This intellec-
tual property constitutes an important manage-
ment resource. By protecting and utilizing our 
intellectual property in an appropriate manner, 
we strive to contribute to society.

Intellectual Property Activities

To realize the mobility society of the future, 
Toyota is carrying out intellectual property activi-
ties in line with management priorities. For exam-
ple, we are focusing resources on such areas as 
carbon neutrality, including the development of 

electrified vehicles and batteries, and on soft-
ware and connected initiatives, including con-
nected and automated driving technologies. We 
are also reinforcing efforts to obtain and utilize 
intellectual property licenses in such areas to 
strengthen our future competitiveness. 

Organizational Structure

With intellectual property functions at its R&D cen-
ters in Japan, the United States, Europe, and 
China, Toyota supports technological development 
globally through the organic and systematic coordi-
nation of R&D and intellectual property activities. 
We work in collaboration with approximately 110 
highly capable law firms around the world to collect 
intellectual property information and appropriately 
handle any intellectual property disputes that may 
arise in specific countries or regions.
  To enhance the close coordination of manage-
ment, R&D, and intellectual property, Toyota 
maintains the Intellectual Property Management 
Committee. The members of the Committee 
discuss and make decisions on matters related 
to obtaining and utilizing important intellectual 

Other vehicle technologies
(Engine, body, chassis, etc.) 
75%

Registered Patents 
by Technological 
Field in 2012

Electrified vehicles
14%

Batteries 
7%

Automated  
driving
3%
Connected 
1%

Other vehicle technologies
(Engine, body, chassis, etc.) 
49%

Patents by 
Technological Field 
in 2022*

Batteries
19%

Electrified 
vehicles
18%

Connected 
9%
Automated driving 
5%

*Total patents registered or under application in Japan and overseas

4 6

property conducive to management as well as 
policy for responding to management risks 
related to intellectual property.

Intellectual Property Activity Achievements 

Toyota holds approximately 69,000 patents in 
key countries around the world (as of March 
2022) and files approximately 14,000 patent 
applications a year domestically and internation-
ally. In 2021, Toyota was the holder of the most 
patents among car manufacturers in Japan and 
the United States. Moreover, Toyota is consis-
tently at the top of a ranking released by an 
external institution of companies filing patent 
applications concerning decarbonization-related 
technologies with the Japan Patent Office.

Privacy

Based on its “Customer First” policy, Toyota com-
plies with the relevant laws and regulations of the 
countries and regions in which it operates and 
respects privacy as a member of international soci-
ety. By appropriately managing and correctly utilizing 

Rules for the Handling of Personal Information

information, Toyota strives to make ever-better cars 
and contribute to enriching the lives of communities.
Specifically, based on our Privacy Code of 
Conduct and the Toyota Privacy Notice, we have 
set up and operate a privacy governance frame-
work centered on the appropriate management 
and protection of personal information and other 
data related to privacy. While maintaining compli-
ance with the Act on the Protection of Personal 
Information and other laws and regulations, 
Toyota strives to utilize information to solve social 
issues and provide better products and services. 

Toyota Privacy Notice 
Privacy 

Privacy Code of Conduct (Excerpt)
<What Toyota employees should strive for>

We will comply with laws and regulations when 
handling personal information. We will respect 
privacy. In addition, in order to provide prod-
ucts and services that delight our customers 
through the appropriate handling of informa-
tion, we will establish a sustainable and superi-
or information management system and aim to 
be a company that sets a global standard.

Customer first

Listen to customers carefully and sincerely.

Quality first

Product and 
Experience

Respect customer privacy in the development and operation of products 
and services. (Privacy by design)

When using customer-related information, create services and products 
that suit each individual customer to achieve customer happiness.

Compliance

Information management based on complying with laws and regulations.

Stakeholder

Cooperation with our stakeholders to respect our customers’ privacy and 
comply with laws and regulations.

Human resource development
Achieve a high standard of privacy governance.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Toyota Supplier Sustainability Guidelines

Compliance with and Implementation of the Guidelines

Value Chain Collaboration

Fundamental Approach

We are promoting activities based on our Customer 
First policy through collaboration with our business 
partners, including suppliers and dealers.
  Toyota promotes open and fair business prac-
tices and steadily implements initiatives to pro-
mote sustainability. At the same time, we work 
closely with suppliers and dealers to improve 
quality and provide safety and peace of mind to 
our customers as we strive to achieve a high level 
of customer satisfaction.

Supply Chains

Since its establishment, Toyota has worked close-
ly with suppliers in its manufacturing operations. 
As part of these efforts, Toyota has globally imple-
mented its Basic Purchasing Policies in accor-
dance with the spirit of mutual benefit based on 
mutual trust between suppliers and Toyota. We 
strive to maintain close relationships with existing 
and new suppliers as we work together to  

Safety and Peace of Mind 

Enriching Lives 

Customers

Better products at lower prices 
in a timely manner

Toyota

Suppliers

Dealers/
Distributors

promote our Customer First policy. 
  When conducting business transactions, we 
conclude contracts that clearly stipulate legal 
compliance, respect for human rights, and con-
siderations for local and global environments. 
Internally, we work to raise the awareness of all 
our employees, including buyers, through semi-
nars and training.

Organizational Structure

The Purchasing Group, supervised by the chief 
officer and deputy chief officer for purchasing, 
takes the lead in promoting value chain collabora-
tion activities in close cooperation with relevant 
departments, including those responsible for the 
environment, human resources, and compliance, 
as well as the Sustainability Management 
Department. The direction and challenges of sus-
tainability initiatives are reported to and discussed 
by the Sustainability Subcommittee. Key issues 
are then reported to the Sustainability Meeting for 
consideration and decision making to ensure 
proper supervision. 

Toyota established the Toyota Supplier 
Sustainability Guidelines in 2009 to share the 
importance of sustainability initiatives with suppli-
ers and request that they carry out business activ-
ities in line with the Guidelines.

In 2021, sections related to the environment 
and human rights were revised and expanded to 
reflect the increasing importance of environmental 
and human rights issues. As of July 2022, more 
than 90 percent of Toyota’s domestic suppliers 
have endorsed the principles of the Guidelines. 
Furthermore, the Guidelines stipulate that tier 1 
suppliers must expand the implementation of the 
Guidelines to tier 2 suppliers and beyond to 
ensure that these principles are disseminated and 
implemented throughout the supply chain.
  The Guidelines are also shared globally, as 
regional purchasing divisions apply them to over-
seas suppliers.

Toyota Supplier Sustainability Guidelines 

Toyota’s Basic Purchasing Policies

1. Fair Competition Based on an Open-door Policy

Toyota is open and fair to any and all suppliers, regardless of nationality, size, or whether they have 
done business with us before. We evaluate suppliers by quality, technological capabilities, and  
reliability in delivering the required quantities on time, and their efforts in addressing social  
responsibilities, such as environmental issues.

2. Mutual Benefit Based on Mutual Trust

We develop mutual benefit in long-term relationships. To foster trust, we engage in close communication 
with suppliers.

Checks Using Self-inspection Sheets
To ensure understanding and implementation of 
the Guidelines, all domestic Toyota suppliers are 
requested to periodically check the status of their 
implementation using a self-inspection sheet.

In October 2020, around 350 tier 1 suppliers, 

which account for over 90 percent of our pur-
chase volume in Japan, submitted the results of 
their self-inspections, indicating their status of 
implementation. Self-inspections based on the 
latest version of the Guidelines, following 
November 2021 revisions, are scheduled for the 
near future.

Responses When Problems Are Identified
When a problem is identified, we communicate 
with the supplier concerned and ask them to 
make improvements. Our stance is always that 
the business relationship may be reconsidered if 
no improvements are made. In addition, to pre-
vent reoccurrences at other suppliers, we send 
notices explaining the issue to suppliers and ask 
them to ensure thorough prevention. 

In 2020, for example, we asked suppliers to pro-

vide better assistance to foreign technical intern-
ship trainees who were unable to return to their 
home countries during the COVID-19 pandemic.
  Tier 1 suppliers are requested to work with tier 
2 suppliers in the same way.

Preventing Bribery

In response to the global expansion of its business 
and societal demands, Toyota has adopted the Anti-
bribery Guidelines to ensure the thorough prevention 
of bribery and corruption. Toyota is strengthening its 
preventive measures by promoting awareness of the 
guidelines among its suppliers.

Production 

Sales

After-sales service

3. Localization with Good Corporate Citizenship

Mutual trust/Mutual benefit

In this way, we aim to contribute to the local society and be a good corporate citizen.

We actively procure from local suppliers, including parts, materials, tools, equipment and other materials.

Anti-bribery Guidelines 

4 7

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Supplier Hotline

Awareness-raising Activities

Dealers

The supplier hotline has been set up to allow 
suppliers to report any violations of laws, regula-
tions, rules, or the above guidelines while assur-
ing anonymity.

p54 “Speak Up” Hotline

Toyota is working to educate and raise awareness 
among all employees, including buyers. We 
request that suppliers work to promote sustain-
ability through their own, voluntary initiatives while 
also working closely with them on cooperative 
sustainability promotion. 

Dealers are the front line where Toyota’s Customer 
First policy is directly observed. Toyota and its deal-
ers share the value of its products and services and 
constantly work as one to enhance customer satis-
faction based on a strong relationship of trust 

through close two-way communication as partners.
  Toyota follows a “Customer First, Dealer Second, 
Manufacturer Third” approach. We work alongside 
dealers to meet customer expectations and raise 
the level of customer satisfaction. We believe that, 
through these efforts, we will realize growth for 
both dealers and Toyota. 

Major Initiatives Led by Toyota

Target Audience

All purchasing 
division staff

Training on sustainability for 
those newly assigned to 
purchasing divisions

Regular seminars

Employees dispatched 
overseas from 
purchasing divisions

Predeparture 
training

Suppliers 
in Japan

Seminars

a
t
o
y
o
T

s
r
e

i
l

p
p
u
S

Details

•  Training related to sustainability

•  Regular seminars related to human rights, the environment, and 

other sustainability topics

•  Labor relations training provided by the human resources division

Recent seminar topics
•  Foreign technical internship trainees (2020)

•  In a 2019 survey, a number of suppliers responded that they had 

employed foreign technical internship trainees from Vietnam. These 
suppliers were given a seminar detailing Toyota’s stance and initia-
tives intended to ensure that trainees are not charged exorbitant fees

•  Briefing on achieving carbon neutrality (2021 and 2022)

•  Dissemination of specific emission calculation methods and tools 

to help achieve CO2 reduction targets

•  Presentation of items that reduce CO2 emissions 
•  Implementation of a matching service to link companies provid-
ing emission reduction solutions with suppliers that are having 
trouble reducing their emissions

•  Requiring suppliers in tier 1 to encourage suppliers in tier 2 and 
beyond to participate in the initiatives above in order to dissemi-
nate this information throughout the supply chain

Support for the Compliance Activities of TNDAC*2 and Dealers

Details

TNDAC 
initiatives

•  Dealers implement activities related to priority topics every month in accordance with the Legal 

Compliance Manual*
•  Details: Overview and checklists related to the following laws

—  Laws related to dealers’ duties, including sales talks and responses to customers (Act on the 

Protection of Personal Information, Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading 
Representations, Copyright Act, Consumer Contract Act, Insurance Business Act, Installment 
Sales Act, Act on Specified Commercial Transactions, Garage Act, civil law, and criminal law)

—  Laws related to safety and the environment (Road Transport Vehicle Act, End-of-life Vehicle 

Recycling Law)

—  Laws related to labor and employment (Labor Standards Law, Industrial Health and Safety Act, 
Act on Securing, etc., of Equal Opportunity and Treatment between Men and Women, laws and 
ordinances related to harassment) 

—  Laws related to transactions (Antimonopoly Law, Subcontracting Law)

*Tools to support voluntary legal compliance activities by dealers

•  TNDAC Helpline

•  Repeated notices to dealers and employees to prevent and quickly detect any legal or  

regulatory violations 

Voluntary Supplier Activities*1 

Details

Corporate Executive 
Round-table 
Conference

Kyohokai Environmental 
Research Group and Eihokai 
SDGs Study Group

•  We hold the Corporate Executive Round-table Conference to encourage corporate 

executives to take the initiative in carrying out sustainability activities. 

•  2021 results 

Executives from Toyota attended the conference, taking part in discussions on carbon 
neutrality. The participants shared information, identified issues, and planned mea-
sures to address said issues.

Support 
from Toyota

•  Suppliers engage in dialogue with each other to mutually enhance awareness, 

improve understanding, and advance initiatives 

Volunteer Activities

•  Activities carried out by Toyota’s supplier associations Kyohokai and Eihokai 

•  Implemented the following initiatives in response to designated vehicle maintenance violations and 

improper handling of personal information by dealers. (From FY2022 onward)
•  Compliance seminars for dealer representatives and other personnel
•  Supporting improvement activities at dealers by disseminating Toyota Production System (TPS) 

know-how and holding training sessions

•  Supporting dealers’ initiatives through the distribution of a Privacy Governance Guidebook reflect-
ing amendments of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information promulgated in April 2022

•  Disseminating Toyota Motor Corporation’s Human Rights Policy to dealers 

•  The policy has a particular focus on appropriate management of foreign technical internship train-

ees and creating harassment-free workplaces

*1 Kyohokai and Eihokai carry out a variety of volunteer activities.

*2  The Toyota National Dealers’ Advisory Council (TNDAC) is an organization comprising Toyota dealers in Japan

4 8

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Human Rights

Fundamental Approach

Toyota refers to and respects the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGP) and promotes actions related to 
human rights based on the UNGP. Seeking the 
happiness of others than ourselves is a part of 
Toyota’s founding principles and was a driving 
force that led to the invention of the automatic 
loom, which can be considered the beginning of 
Toyota. This spirit and pursuit is still within us 
today. Under the mission of “producing happi-
ness for all,” within every country and every 
region in which we operate, we aim to be the 
best company in town, one that is both loved 
and trusted by the people. The automobile 
industry depends on the support of numerous 
people, including local communities, business 
partners (such as suppliers and dealers), and 
customers. We will continue to protect the 
human rights of our employees, customers, and 
all people involved in our business activities and 
to improve such protections in order to benefit 
these stakeholders and society.

Human Rights Policy 

1
Human Rights Due Diligence* 

To address human rights-related issues through-
out the supply chain, Toyota applies the Toyota 
Supplier Sustainability Guidelines, which specifi-
cally state its expectation that its suppliers 
respect human rights. Working together with 
suppliers on risk monitoring, countermeasure 
development, tracking, and remediation, Toyota 
provides guidance and support to potentially 
affected stakeholders.
  Furthermore, we work with NGOs and other 
external stakeholders to both understand societal 
expectations and assess our prioritized activities 
from a third-party perspective. By doing so, we 
hope to increase transparency and ensure that 
corporate activities are fair and appropriate.

Toyota’s Action Taken for Forced Labor of Migrant 
Workers (Statement on the Modern Slavery Acts)

Based on the United Kingdom’s Modern Slavery 
Act 2015 and similar legislation of other coun-
tries,*2 Toyota issues statements under the title 
“Toyota’s action taken for Forced Labor of Migrant 
Workers (Statement on the Modern Slavery 
Acts),” covering its domestic facilities and aimed 
at promoting efforts at both domestic and over-
seas production facilities.

In this statement, we disclose Toyota’s commit-
ment to the relevant laws and describe measures 
we have implemented to prevent any instance of 
modern slavery, including human trafficking, in 
either our direct operations or supply chain.

Toyota’s action taken for Forced Labor of Migrant Workers

(Statement on Modern Slavery Acts) 

Addressing Human Rights Issues Related to Foreign 
Workers: Participating in the Japan Platform for Migrant 
Workers towards a Responsible and Inclusive Society 

In 2020, Toyota took part in the establishment of 
the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards a 
Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP MIRAI),*3 a 
multi-stakeholder framework for resolving issues 
faced by migrant workers in Japan. In May 2022, 
JP MIRAI launched a grievance mechanism on a 
trial basis for migrant workers with the aim of 
understanding and resolving issues in a timely 
manner. This mechanism has the support and 
cooperation of Toyota.
*1  The process of identifying, preventing, and mitigating negative 

human rights impacts

*2 Australia’s Modern Slavery Act 2018, etc.
*3  JP MIRAI comprises over 400 members, consisting of a variety 

of stakeholders, such as private companies, local govern-
ments, NPOs, academics, and lawyers

Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible 

and Inclusive Society 

Responsible Mineral Sourcing

Toyota has formulated its Policies and 
Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing 
based on the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for 

Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from 
Conflict-affected and High-risk Areas and strives 
to prevent such human rights violations as child 
labor and forced or coerced labor. 
Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing 

the RMI Cobalt Working Group, Toyota Motor 
North America (U.S.) is encouraging smelters and 
refiners to acquire related certifications.

Education related to Human Rights

Investigation and Disclosure of the Use of 
Conflict Minerals (Compliance with the U.S. 
Dodd-Frank Act)

Since 2013, Toyota has been conducting reason-
able country-of-origin inquiries throughout its sup-
ply chain based on the OECD Due Diligence 
Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of 
Minerals from Conflict-affected and High-risk 
Areas. We request that the suppliers make cor-
rections if there are any errors or omissions in their 
responses in order to improve the effectiveness of 
our efforts.

In cooperation with the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative (RMI), Toyota Motor North America (U.S.) 
takes part in the activities of the Conflict-free 
Sourcing Working Group and the working group 
of the Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG) 
on conflict minerals originating from the 
Democratic Republic of Congo.

Conflict Minerals Report 

Responsible Sourcing of Cobalt
Cobalt, used in batteries and other products nec-
essary for automobile electrification, is an import-
ant mineral resource for Toyota. 
  Toyota recognizes that there are concerns 
associated with the mining of cobalt regarding 
child labor and other human rights violations and 
abuses. Toyota has been advancing activities to 
clarify the supply chain for batteries, in which 
cobalt is the primary component, using the Cobalt 
Reporting Template, or CRT, provided by RMI. As 
of March 2020, we had identified several smelters 
in our supply chain.
  Toyota will continue conducting background 
surveys of smelters and implementing appropriate 
measures to mitigate any risks identified. 
  Meanwhile, by participating in the activities of 

To promote correct understanding of human-
rights issues and non-discrimination and encour-
age action toward open and honest 
communication, we implement the following 
human rights training for executives, employees, 
and business partners.

Human Rights in General

Training for

Details

Executives
(Toyota Motor Corporation)

All employees
(Toyota Motor Corporation)

•  Explanation of international human rights 
guidelines and associated expectations, 
the responsibilities required of companies, 
and recent key human rights issues

•  Learn about corporate responsibilities 
and their scope based on international 
norms using positive and negative 
examples, thereby helping protect 
human rights in daily operations

Top management and 
HR employees to be 
transferred to overseas 
affiliates 
(including main suppliers)

•  Examples of positive labor-management 
communications, past labor disputes, 
and labor-management negotiations as 
well as the latest trends in human rights, 
international norms, and regulations

Purchasing function 
employees to be 
transferred to 
overseas affiliates
(Toyota Motor Corporation)

•  Training on building healthy labor-manage-
ment relationships at local suppliers, includ-
ing human rights issues, to support ordinary 
purchasing duties at overseas postings

Anti-harassment

Training for

Details

Employees, including 
executives, supervisors, 
management, 
overseas transferees, 
and new hires
(Toyota Motor Corporation)

Supervisors
(Toyota Motor Corporation)

•  Awareness of harassment prevention in 

various situations
FY2022 Results
•  All senior professionals/senior  

management and all professionals/
management: Approx. 8,000  
employees, 3,000 hours

•  All assistant managers and all those in 
lower ranks: Approx. 20,000 employ-
ees, 6,500 hours

•  All shop floor employees: Approx. 
42,000 employees, 14,000 hours

•  On-line training by psychiatry and psy-

chology specialists 
FY2022 Results
•  Supervisors: Approx. 12,000 employees

4 9

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  
 Diversity and Inclusion  

 The Environment  
 Human Resource Development  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Diversity and Inclusion

Fundamental Approach

Toyota is working to transform from an automotive 
company into a mobility company by promoting 
continuous innovation in existing areas and taking 
on new frontiers. To this end, we aim to ensure 
that employees with diverse skills and values can 
demonstrate their abilities to the fullest.
  Toyota does not tolerate any form of discrimina-
tion, including that based on gender, age, nation-
ality, race, ethnicity, creed, religion, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, disability, marital sta-
tus, or the presence of children. We respect 
diverse lifestyles and workstyles and provide 
opportunities for all employees to thrive according 
to their ambitions and abilities. We also strive to 
create open, harassment-free workplaces.

Womenʼs Participation in the Workplace

Although we have consistently striven to promote 
the professional participation and advancement of 
women globally, we recognize that gender diversi-
ty remains an issue, particularly at Toyota Motor 
Corporation in Japan, and we are implementing 

initiatives that include the following.
•  2002: Launch of initiatives centered on expand-

ing and establishing measures to support women 
who are trying to balance work and childcare
•  From 2012: Focusing on initiatives for creating 
work environments that motivate and inspire 
women and on supporting their participation 
(especially the development of female managers).

•  From 2021: Unconscious bias training for all 

with disabilities are given fair opportunities, we 
dispatch sign language interpreters, provide a 
variety of support tools, and make workplace 
improvements as needed.
(Toyota Motor Corporation’s rate of employment 
of people with disabilities, including those serving 
at a special-purpose subsidiary, is 2.50% as of 
June 2022.)

internal management and supervisors 

Special-purpose Subsidiary Toyota Loops

•  From 2022: Reinforcing diversity training (basic 

courses and management courses)

Initiatives to Empower Persons with Disabilities

We provide various work opportunities in a variety 
of workplaces to persons with disabilities based 
on the concept of a harmonious society in which 
all persons, with or without disabilities, work and 
live together. 
  For example, to help enable such individuals to 
utilize their abilities, we have set up a consultation 
hotline that ensures privacy and introduced a spe-
cial holiday system that can be used by employ-
ees to receive medical care. To ensure that people 

Toyota Loops Corporation began operation with 
employees with disabilities in April 2009. As of 
June 2022, Toyota Loops employed 357 persons 
with disabilities. Toyota Loops primarily handles 
office support work outsourced from Toyota, such 
as internal printing, the collection and delivery of 
internal mail, and document digitization.

In addition, some Toyota Loops employees par-

ticipate in the development of assisted mobility 
vehicles, a form of work and contribution uniquely 
available to people with disabilities. For example, 
during vehicle development, wheelchair users have 
participated in evaluating the ease of getting in and 
out of vehicles and provided opinions on aspects 
of the development of automated driving vehicles.

LGBTQ+-related Initiatives

To ensure respect for individuals’ sexual orienta-
tion and gender identity, Toyota strives to promote 
the development of a corporate culture of proper 
understanding, recognition, and acceptance. 
  At Toyota Motor Corporation, the prohibition on 
discrimination or harassment targeting LGBTQ+ 
people has been incorporated into the employee 
behavioral guidelines, and we no longer require 
new graduates to fill in their gender on job appli-
cations. We have also been advancing facility- 
related measures, such as establishing an internal 
consultation hotline and gender-neutral restrooms. 
Starting from July 2020, we have introduced 
revised internal systems to allow employees in 
same-sex or common-law marriages to use the 
same internal benefit systems (holidays, employee 
benefits, etc.) as those in marriages legally recog-
nized in Japan.

In terms of corporate culture, we require all 
employees and officers to receive training cover-
ing basic knowledge about LGBTQ+ issues.

Promotion of Female Employee Participation: Our Challenge and Course of Action (Toyota Motor Corporation)

Social Recognition

Our Challenge  The ratio of women in managerial positions is low

Target

Increase the number of women in managerial positions in 2014 fourfold by 2025 and fivefold by 2030

Hiring

Our Course 
of Action

System Development

Maintain certain hiring rates for female graduates (40% or above for 
administrative positions and 10% or above for engineering posi-
tions) and the active hiring of women throughout the year

Create a system for reporting on the progress of female talent 
development in each department and in-house company to the 
Members of the Board of Directors

Employee Development

Develop and implement plans for individual employee development 
and utilize a mentoring system

Networking

Host a global women’s conference and symposiums for managerial 
class and female promotion candidates 

5 0

The PRIDE Index
In November 2022, Toyota Motor Corporation was awarded 
Gold and Best Practice on the PRIDE Index 2022. The PRIDE 
Index was established by “work with Pride,” a Japanese vol-
unteer organization that supports and develops diversity man-
agement initiatives for sexual minorities.

Top 50 Companies for Diversity 2022
In May 2022, Toyota Motor North America ranked 4th in the 
general division of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity 2022 
ranking published by U.S.-based DiversityInc.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  
 Diversity and Inclusion  

 The Environment  
 Human Resource Development  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Promotion of Female Employee Participation: Initiatives at Major Global Operations

Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA (TME) (Belgium)

Toyota Motor (China) 
Investment Co., Ltd. 
(TMCI) (China)

Toyota Motor North America (TMNA) (United States)

• Held company-wide events during the week of International Women’s Day 

• Networking to promote 

(video message from top management, workshops, etc.)

gender diversity

• Working couple support: Telecommuting system, 

part-time working regimes, support in finding employment 
for spouses of employees temporary transferred to TME

• Active hiring of promising candidates to career positions
• Unconscious bias awareness training for all managers
• Setting of targets for employment and 

• Women’s career development: Mentorship system, 

management positions

sponsorship system

Toyota South Africa Motors (Pty) Ltd. (TSAM) 
(South Africa)

• Nursing break of up to one hour each 
day for lactating female employees

• Annual North American Women’s Conference, to which all executive level 

• Unconscious bias awareness training 

women and many high-potential women in middle management positions, 
as well as male directors and executives, are invited to attend to network and 
encourage women’s participation and advancement in the workplace

for all managers

• D&I KPIs for executives and managers are scored using a diversity scorecard to 

encourage initiativess

• Diversity Advisory Board, which is responsible for monitoring and reporting on 

the progress of diversity, including career development for women

• Childcare facilities at multiple operation sites to allow flexible workstyles for 

employees with small children

• Leadership workshops for 
management to ensure 
acceptance of women and 
promote their participation and 
advancement in the workplace

• Setting of employment targets

KPIs Related to the Promotion of Women’s Participation in the Workplace
We are continuing initiatives that promote women’s participation and advancement 
in the workplace so that the percentage of positions held by women will 
consistently increase, from initial hiring to executive positions.

Percentage of Women Hired at our Entities in Each Country/Region (FY2022)

Percentage of women [%]

Average period of 
employment (years)

People 
hired

Full-time 
employees

Managerial 
positions

Director 
positions

Men

Women

20.3

27.8

30.4

18.8

4.6

18.7

21.3

27.4

14.0

12.9

23.2

11.1

11.8

6.4

6.4

20.7

12.0

3.0

25.4

9.0

23.7

17.9

5.4

40.3

19.2

13.3

21.5

0

0

3.4

7.1

12.5

13

19

9

13

11

13

9

–

11

14

8

11

15

11

7

–

Global*

Japan

North America

Europe

China

Asia-Pacific

Latin America

Africa

* Data for Japan and 46 overseas companies

• Events sponsored by the Business Partnering Group, which provides 

networking and educational opportunities to employees as an 
organization representing the interests of minority groups

Toyota do Brasil Ltda. (TDB) (Brazil)
+ Toyota Argentina S.A. (TASA) (Argentina)

Toyota Daihatsu Engineering & 
Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (TDEM) (Thailand)

• Nursing rooms

• Designation of Women’s Day, which 

• Healthy pregnancy program for pregnant 

promotes open conversation about the 
challenges women face in balancing their 
professional and personal lives

employees: Guidance and advice related to 
health as well as orientation on 
breastfeeding and baby care

• Unconscious bias awareness training for 

all managers

• Setting of employment targets
• Dialogue about employee emplacement 
between human resources division and 
management to promote internal diversity 
• Mentor system to support female leaders
• Soft-landing Program to support employees 

returning to work after childbirth

• Support for nursing care costs for employees 

who return to work early  

• Providing all employees with children with 

essential school supplies

• Female prayer room
• Reserved parking area for pregnant employees

• Telecommuting system

5 1

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Human Resource Development

Employees

Fundamental Approach

Toward achieving transformation into a mobility 
company, Toyota is committed to both “realizing 
advanced monozukuri (manufacturing) with higher 
quality and efficiency based on the Toyota 
Production System (TPS)” and “taking on chal-
lenges in new areas.” To this end, Toyota encour-
ages its employees to reexamine their workstyles 
and hone their individual abilities, thereby enhanc-
ing the workplace structures.
  Toyota also seeks employees equipped with 
both the ability to act and empathy,* and recruits, 
trains, and evaluates employees based on these 
abilities. In this process, Toyota identifies the roles 
and abilities of each individual, ensuring the place-
ment of the right person in the right position 
regardless of their nationality, gender, year of join-
ing Toyota, form of recruitment, academic back-
ground, job type, or other such factors, with the 
aim of enhancing the competitiveness of the 
Company and its organizations.
*  Empathy in this context is defined as the capacity to make 

efforts for others, such as customers and teammates, and the 
capacity to learn respectfully from others and keep improving

Recruitment

To recruit ideal candidates, Toyota has revised its 
conventional recruitment practices as follows:
1  Recruitment criteria
•  To accelerate the introduction of workstyles based 
on teamwork and alliances in preparation for the 
launch of mobility services, recruit more people who 
are attractive for other employees to work with.

•  Place greater emphasis in recruitment on empathy 

and the passion to realize dreams at Toyota.
2  Enhancing mid-career recruitment
•  To introduce external knowledge and promote 
the reexamination of work processes and work-
styles, increase mid-career recruits from 10% to 
39% (FY2022 result). The medium-term target is 
to increase mid-career recruits to 50% (adminis-
trative and engineering positions).

•  Introduce referrals (introduction by Toyota 

employees) and other new means of recruitment.

3  Hiring new graduates with diverse backgrounds
•  To ensure diversity in our employees, hire per-
sons with empathy who passionately want to 
work at Toyota, regardless of their school or 
academic background.

•  Promote the recruitment of diverse people from 
universities from which no graduates have previ-
ously been hired by Toyota, technical colleges, 
vocational schools, and high schools.
4  Course-specific recruitment of new graduates
•  To accelerate the development of professional 
human resources, hire students who have a 
concrete vision of what they want to do at 
Toyota and determine the course they will be 
assigned to at the time of recruitment, thereby 
ensuring the recruitment of diverse human 
resources suited to the characteristics of specif-
ic workplaces, such as with IT-related personnel.

Evaluation of and Feedback to Employees

The work roles of Toyota employees and the main 
focus of their work are to be fulfilled and defined in 
accordance with policies. Evaluation and feed-
back are based on close communication between 
subordinates and superiors.
  Specifically, employees’ roles and main focus 
are determined at the beginning of each fiscal 
year and employees consult with their supervisors 
periodically. Through these consultations, supervi-
sors assess the employees’ self-evaluations and 
provide feedback. Repeating this cycle leads to 
employees’ capacity development. In addition, we 
carry out 360-degree feedback for the purpose of 
employee growth. By giving employees feedback 
on their strengths and weaknesses from people 
working with them, we help them reflect on their 
own actions and make improvements.

In 2019, our personnel system was revised to 
better reward hard workers regardless of age or 
qualifications. Furthermore, in 2020, we intro-
duced a system for centrally managing employee 
information, including employee evaluations, the 
results of consultations with their supervisors, and 
questionnaire results regarding workplace man-
agement. This system has made it possible to 
refer to each employee’s previous evaluations, 

personnel information, and stated intent, thereby 
enhancing the development and allocation of 
employees with consistency through job assign-
ment based on a better understanding of employ-
ee aptitude and intent. Results for each half year 
are reflected in bonuses and performance abilities 
demonstrated over the past year are reflected in 
salary raises for the following year.

Global Employee Development

To develop employees capable of implementing 
the Toyota Philosophy globally, Toyota is providing 
training through global executive development, 
along with human resource development under-
taken by Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan and 
human resource development undertaken by affili-
ates in other regions.

Global Executive Human Resource Development
The Global 21 Program aims to provide skilled 
employees around the world with knowledge suit-
able for global Toyota executives and enable them 
to exercise their strengths to the fullest in their 
respective areas of responsibility.
  The program comprises the following three pillars.
1   Indication of management philosophy and 

expectations of executives

Disseminating the Toyota Philosophy and incorpo-
rating it into global personnel system and training.
2  Human resource management
Applying appropriate personnel evaluation stan-
dards and processes in each region based on 
Toyota’s common values
3  Assignment deployment and training programs
Carrying out global assignments and executive training.

Shifting Resources to Transform into a 

Mobility Company

To transform into a mobility company, Toyota 
must promptly shift resources from existing car 
manufacturing and sales businesses to new 
areas, such as CASE and the value chain.
  To that end, we are proactively advancing 
recruitment, reskilling, and redeployment with an 

eye to enhancing the potential of employees and 
carefully examining the roles and abilities of each 
individual in order to ensure the placement of the 
right person in the right position. By doing so, we 
aim to enhance the competitiveness of the 
Company and its organizations.

In addition, Toyota is leveraging its strength in 
promoting innovation rallying all employees and 
management to transform into a mobility company. 
To enhance the effectiveness of this comprehen-
sive effort, we are striving to enhance communica-
tion, including holding labor-management talks 
throughout the year, and fostering a culture in 
which diverse human resources actively participate. 

Hone fundamental skills, flexibility, and agility to 
enhance the workforce’s potential 

Recruitment

Redeployment

Reskilling

Fostering a culture that promotes the active 
participation of diverse human resources with 
the right person in the right position

Toyota believes that a diverse workforce is what 
drives innovation. One initiative in securing diverse 
human resources is the push to acquire new soft-
ware talent for CASE businesses.
  We are building a software development struc-
ture of around 3,000 people at Toyota, Woven 
Planet, and Toyota Connected, and around 
18,000 people across the entire Group, to 
advance software development globally. 
  To meet these targets, we are stepping up the 
hiring of software talent. Specifically, we are 
expanding the rate of mid-career hiring and aim to 
increase the proportion of software professionals 
among all mid-career hires from 22% in FY2019 
to 50% in FY2023.

In addition, we are working to create an 

in-house development environment encompass-
ing the dispatch of personnel to different indus-
tries and parts of the supply chain. As of 2021, 
we had dispatched more than 400 people to 
Woven Planet and other software development 
entities. We plan to increase the number of partic-
ipants in reskilling education to 9,000 by 2025.

5 2

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities

Safety and Health

Fundamental Approach

Toyota aims to provide safe workplaces in which 
all people working for Toyota can stay physically 
and mentally healthy and continue to play an 
active role.
  Health and safety policies and KPIs are formu-
lated by the company safety and health supervis-
ing manager, and efforts are made at all 
workplaces in all regions to improve in line with 
these policies.

productivity via the active participation of 
diverse human resources.

Response to Infectious Diseases

Toyota is taking measures to prevent the spread 
of infectious diseases under the principle of plac-
ing the highest priority on the safety and security 
of our employees and their families, customers, 
suppliers, and other stakeholders. Such measures 
include providing Company facilities for use as 
COVID-19 vaccination centers and dispatching 
doctors, medical staff, and facility operation staff 
to such centers to support local communities.

Health Initiatives

Safety Initiatives

Based on the principle of putting health first, 
Toyota’s health initiatives are focused on preven-
tion, including the promotion of lifestyle disease 
prevention, mental health, and improvements to 
create more fulfilling, employee-friendly work 
environments. Through health and productivity 
management, we aim for employees and the 
Company to grow together, increasing  

Based on a policy of promoting health through 
mutual awareness-raising and the establishment 
and enhancement of a safety-focused work culture, 
Toyota implements activities based on the three pil-
lars of safe people, safe work, and safe places/envi-
ronments. Toyota promotes safety and health 
activities rooted in each worksite, aiming to ultimate-
ly reach and maintain zero accidents at all worksites.

Work-related Injuries (Frequency of Lost Workday Cases*1)

Global*2

Japan

North America

Europe

China

Asia-Pacific

Other

All industries (Japan)

Manufacturing industry (Japan)

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

0.34

0.07

1.49

0.69

0.20

0.04

0.18

1.66

1.02

0.23

0.08

0.93

0.35

0.19

0.02

0.12

1.83

1.20

0.25

0.04

1.01

0.42

0.07

0.05

0.23

1.80

1.20

0.24

0.10

0.89

0.27

0.11

0.02

0.23

1.95

1.21

0.23

0.03

0.93

0.13

0.08

0.07

0.31

2.09

1.31

Three pillars of safety
1  Safe people
Promote the development of human resources 
who are capable of predicting risks, comply with 
rules, and think and act proactively 

•  Leaders who take the initiative to always 
demonstrate a safety-first attitude are the 
foundation of people-based efforts. Safety 
education programs are aimed at developing 
safety-oriented human resources based on 
the experiences of our predecessors while 
reflecting changes in operations, encouraging 
us to review our daily awareness and behavior.

2  Safe work (risk management)
Reduce and manage high-risk operations toward 
the achievement of zero serious accidents

•  Key to workplace safety are the 4Ss seiri 

(sorting), seiton (straightening), seiso (clean-
ing), and seiketsu (hygiene) approach and 
the standardization of operations based on 
an assessment of safety risks that takes 
operability into consideration.

3  Safe places/environments
Aim to build positive and people-friendly processes, 
identify issues, and take quick decisions and action
•  Work environments are managed in accor-

dance with statutory and regulatory environ-
mental measurements 

•  Equipment-related measures are implemented 
in order of priority, as work environments are 
significantly affected by the production equip-
ment used, season, and other such factors.

Expenditure for Social Contribution Activities 
(FY2022)

Other 33%

Approx. 
16.7
billion yen*4

Sources for domestic data: Statistical tables from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
*1  Frequency of lost workday cases: Number of deaths and injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked, calculated as (Deaths and injuries / Hours worked) × 1,000,000
*2 Toyota Motor Corporation and 52 overseas locations

Society and culture 17%

Social Contribution

Toyota proactively undertakes social contribution 
activities that support sustainable social prosperi-
ty, joining forces with stakeholders and effectively 
drawing on its resources to develop personnel 
who will lead the next generation and help solve 
social issues. We approach issues in specific 
areas with a sense of ownership and take action 
on a Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands-on experi-
ence) basis. We work together with partners who 
share our aspirations for the future to address 
issues that are difficult to solve by ourselves.
  We have identified the areas that we will focus 
on: “contribution to a harmonious society,” “human 
capital development”*3 and “community co- 
creation,” as well as “Mobility for All,” which is 
Toyota’s aim in its main business. In these areas, 
we take concrete action based on the kind of 
future we want and thereby contribute to the reali-
zation of the Sustainable Development Goals.
*3  Human asset development: Working to develop the diverse 

and essential potential possessed by each individual

Example of initiatives
•  Social contribution programs (in the areas of 
harmonious society, human capital develop-
ment, and community co-creation)

•  Promotion of employee volunteer activities
•  Support of activities undertaken by NPOs, 
NGOs, etc. (donations and sponsorship)

•  Activities to promote the understanding of auto-

mobile culture and Toyota corporate culture

Social contribution activity website 

Environment 6%
Traffic safety 4%

Education 39%

*4  Toyota Motor Corporation and 

major subsidiaries (60 companies). 
The sum of the components does 
not equal 100%, because major 
subsidiaries’ results have been 
converted to yen based on the 
average exchange rate for 
FY2022 and rounded to the  
nearest whole number.

5 3

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Message from the CSO  
 Message from the CFO  
 Human Rights  

 Roundtable Discussion with the Outside Directors  
 Capital Strategy  

 The Environment  

 Vehicle Safety  

 Dialogue with Institutional Investors on Corporate Governance  

 Corporate Governance  

 Quality and Information Security  

 Intellectual Property and Privacy  

 Value Chain Collaboration 

 Diversity and Inclusion  

 Human Resource Development  

 Health and Safety and Social Contribution Activities  

 Risk Management and Compliance

Risk Management and Compliance

Risk Management

Fundamental Approach

Amid a period of tremendous change in the con-
ditions and priorities of the automotive industry, 
including the push toward carbon neutrality and 
CASE, Toyota is constantly taking on new chal-
lenges and has been working to reinforce its risk 
management structure to handle the correspond-
ing increase in uncertainty. Toyota has appointed 
a Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Deputy Chief Risk 
Officer (DCRO) charged with global risk manage-
ment. The CRO and DCRO are working to pre-
vent and mitigate the impact of risks that could 
arise in Toyota’s global business activities.
  Beneath the CRO and DCRO are Regional 
CROs appointed to handle risk management in 
specific regions. At head office departments (such 
as Accounting and Purchasing), risk management 
by function is assigned to chief officers and risk 
managers of individual divisions, while at in-house 
companies, risk management by product is 
assigned to the company presidents and risk 
managers of individual divisions. This structure 
enables coordination and cooperation between 
the regional head offices and sections.

Business Continuity Management

In preparation for large-scale disasters, such as 
earthquakes and floods, Toyota formulates 
Business Continuity Plans (BCPs) for the rapid res-
toration of business operations using limited 
resources. Toyota works to constantly improve the 
practical effectiveness of its BCPs through the 
implementation of a PDCA cycle, including training. 
These activities constitute our Business Continuity 
Management (BCM), promoted through coordina-
tion among employees and their families, Toyota 
Group companies and suppliers, and Toyota.
  Through this process of BCP formulation and 
review, we aim to develop risk-resilient organiza-
tions, workplaces, and individuals.

Building a Disaster-resilient Supply Chain

Toyota provides disaster recovery support in the 
following order of priority: (1) Humanitarian aid;  

(2) Early recovery of the affected area; (3) Restoration 
of Toyota’s operations and production. Since the 
Great East Japan Earthquake, we have worked 
with suppliers in each country and region to build 
a disaster-resilient supply chain by sharing supply 
chain information and implementing disaster- 
readiness measures to ensure prompt initial 
response and early recovery.

paying taxes as a corporate presence firmly root-
ed in local communities.
  Toyota seeks to achieve sustainable financial 
performance through the Toyota Production 
System (TPS) and cost reduction and is commit-
ted to its responsibility to making appropriate tax 
payments as the most basic form of social contri-
bution in the communities in which it operates.

Compliance

Fundamental Approach

The Guiding Principles at Toyota state that Toyota 
shall “honor the language and spirit of the law of 
every country and region, and undertake open and 
fair business activities to be a strong corporate citi-
zen of the world.” Toyota believes that by adhering 
to this principle in its actions, it can fulfill its corpo-
rate social responsibility and ensure compliance.
  The Toyota Code of Conduct outlines the basic 
frame of mind that all Toyota personnel should 
adopt. It sets forth concrete guidelines to assist 
them in upholding the Guiding Principles at Toyota 
and doing their part to ensure that Toyota carries 
out its corporate social responsibility. A booklet 
containing the Toyota Code of Conduct is distrib-
uted to all employees, including seconded and 
dispatched employees, as part of efforts to ensure 
compliance. To promote compliance awareness 
from top management down to each individual 
employee, Toyota implements a variety of compli-
ance education initiatives. 

Toyota Code of Conduct 

Bribery and Corruption Prevention Measures

Toyota adopted the Anti-bribery Guidelines for 
internal divisions and business partners in 2012 to 
promote the eradication of bribery and corruption. 
In line with the Guidelines, we strive to prevent 
bribery and corruption.

Anti-bribery Guidelines 

Taxation

Since its founding, Toyota has aspired to enrich 
peoples’ lives through car making and to enrich 
local economies by creating employment and 

5 4

Tax Policy 

“Speak Up” Hotline

Toyota’s “Speak Up” Hotline enables quick and 
appropriate responses to workplace- and 
work-related concerns, complaints, or questions 
that employees and other relevant parties may 
have. We promote awareness of the hotline using 
the Company intranet and various other media. 
Consultations can be submitted through a law 
firm, the Company website, email, telephone, or 
other means. For topics related to employees or 
workplaces, the hotline is also open to third par-
ties, including employees’ family members and 
business partners, in addition to employees. The 
hotline can also be used anonymously. 
  The content of a consultation is investigated 
with care to ensure that hotline users who wish to 
remain anonymous cannot be identified. If the 
results of the investigation indicate an issue, a 
response is implemented immediately.
(Hotline consultations handled in FY2022: 727)

Checks to Enhance Compliance

Every year, we implement checks, including at 
global subsidiaries, to enhance compliance. Fields 
to be checked are selected by assessing risk lev-
els and importance to Toyota. In FY2022,  
checks were carried out to examine compliance 
with the Antimonopoly Law, bribery/corruption 
prevention, compliance with the Act on the 
Protection of Personal Information, and other top-
ics. Issues or matters requiring improvement iden-
tified through checks are incorporated into the 
next fiscal year’s action plans to ensure ongoing 
improvement and engagement.

Certification Testing Misconduct at 
Hino Motors

On March 4, 2022, consolidated subsidiary Hino 
Motors, Ltd. confirmed and publicly gave public 
notice of past misconduct related to its applica-
tions for certification concerning the emissions 
and fuel economy performance of its vehicle 
engines for the Japanese market. A special inves-
tigation committee consisting of independent out-
side experts commissioned by Hino investigated 
the matter and found that the misconduct was 
longstanding. In September 2022, the Ministry of 
Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism 
issued a correction order and revoked the type 
approval for engine models found to be noncom-
pliant with emission performance standards. In 
October 2022, Hino submitted a Recurrence 
Prevention Report to the Ministry and published a 
plan for reforms to ensure that such misconduct 
does not occur again.
  We believe that the source of the problem was 
deep-rooted shortcomings in Hino’s corporate 
culture. Management did not fully understand or 
appreciate the front-line situation and misplaced 
management priorities by neglecting the develop-
ment of compliance awareness and establish-
ment of a sound culture while pursuing the 
expansion of revenue and sales. In this context, 
Hino lost sight of its approach to vehicle manu-
facturing. Going forward, Hino will implement the 
planned reforms throughout the company and 
continuously improve and strengthen its efforts 
through periodic reviews in conjunction with out-
side experts. 
  We believe that these measures will not pro-
duce immediate results, so Hino must make per-
sistent and continuous efforts over time to be 
reborn as a company worthy of the trust of its 
stakeholders. Toyota will continue supporting 
Hino so that the measures announced will be 
effective. Specifically, Toyota will support Hino in 
areas and operations where it can, including work 
related to engine certification for light-duty trucks, 
as the company has requested. Furthermore, 
Toyota will share its accumulated know-how with 
Hino in such areas as responding to suppliers 
affected by the issue. 
  The Toyota Group regards legal compliance as 
the foundation of management. We will spare no 
effort to regain the trust of customers and to pre-
vent recurrences.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  
 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 Financial Summary  

 History  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (As of November 2022)

Takeshi 
Uchiyamada
Male
August 17, 1946
Chairman of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chairman of the Board of Directors
Chairman of the Executive 
Appointment Meeting
Chairman of the Executive 
Compensation Meeting

Akio  
Toyoda
Male
May 3, 1956
President, Member of 
the Board of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chief Executive Officer

James 
Kuffner
Male
January 18, 1971
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chief Digital Officer

Brief career summary

Apr.  1969  Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
Jan.  1996   Chief Engineer of Vehicle Development Center 2 of 

Toyota Motor Corporation

Jun.  1998   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota  

Motor Corporation

Jun.  2001   Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2003   Senior Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2005   Executive Vice President of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2012   Vice Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2013   Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation (to present)

Brief career summary

Apr.  1984   Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
May. 2000   Project General Manager of GAZOO Business Division 

and Domestic Marketing Division’s Operational 
Improvement Support Office of Toyota Motor Corporation

Jun.  2000   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota  

Motor Corporation

Jun.  2002   Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2003   Senior Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2005   Executive Vice President of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2009   President of Toyota Motor Corporation (to present)

(Note)  Akio Toyoda, who is President and Member of the Board of 

Directors, concurrently serves as an Operating Officer (President).

Brief career summary

Aug. 1999   Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) 

Postdoctoral Research Fellow

Jan.  2002   Research Scientist of Carnegie Mellon University
Jan.  2005   Assistant Professor of Carnegie Mellon University
Jan.  2008   Associate Professor of Carnegie Mellon University
Sep. 2009   Research Scientist of Google Inc.
Jul.  2013   Engineering Director of Google Inc.
Jan.  2016   Retired as Engineering Director of Google Inc.
Jan.  2016   Chief Technology Officer of Toyota Research Institute, Inc.
Mar.  2018   Retired as Adjunct Associate Professor of Carnegie 

Mellon University

Mar.  2018   Chief Executive Officer of Toyota Research Institute - 

Advanced Development, Inc.

Mar.  2018   Executive Advisor to Toyota Research Institute
Jan.  2020   Senior Fellow of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2020   Member of the Board of Directors and Operating Officer 

of Toyota Motor Corporation (to present)

Jan.  2021   Toyota Research Institute—Advanced Development, Inc. 

changed its corporate name to Woven Core, Inc. and 
was reorganized into the Woven Planet Group.

Jan.  2021   Chief Executive Officer and Representative Director of 

Woven Planet Holdings, Inc. (to present)

5 5

Shigeru 
Hayakawa
Male
September 15, 1953
Vice Chairman of the 
Board of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chief Privacy Officer

Kenta  
Kon
Male
August 2, 1968
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chief Financial Officer
Member of the Executive 
Appointment Meeting
Member of the Executive 
Compensation Meeting

Masahiko 
Maeda
Male
February 10, 1969
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Chief Technology Officer

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Brief career summary

Apr.  1977   Joined Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd.
Jun.  2005   Division General Manager of Public Affairs Division of 

Toyota Motor Corporation

Jun.  2007   Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Sep. 2007   President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc.
Jun.  2009   Retired as President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc.
Apr.  2012   Senior Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2015   Member of the Board of Directors and Senior Managing 

Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation

Apr.  2017   Vice Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation (to present)

Brief career summary

Apr.  1991   Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
Jan.  2017   Division General Manager of Accounting Division of 

Toyota Motor Corporation

Jun.  2018   Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jul.  2019   Operating Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2021   Member of the Board of Directors and Operating Officer 

of Toyota Motor Corporation

Apr.  2022   Member of the Board of Directors, Operating Officer, 

and Executive Vice President of Toyota Motor 
Corporation (to present)

Brief career summary

Apr.  1994   Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
Jul.  2016   Chief Engineer of CV Company CVZ ZB of Toyota 

Motor Corporation

Jan.  2018   Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jan.  2019   Operating Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation
Apr.  2022   Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of 

Toyota Motor Corporation 

Jun.  2022   Member of the Board of Directors, Operating Officer, 

and Executive Vice President of Toyota Motor 
Corporation (to present)

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  
 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 Financial Summary  

 History  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Ikuro 
Sugawara
Male
March 6, 1957
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Member of the Executive 
Appointment Meeting
Member of the Executive 
Compensation Meeting

Brief career summary

Apr.  1981   Joined Ministry of International Trade and Industry
Jul.  2010   Director-General of the Industrial Science and Technology 

Policy and Environment Bureau, Ministry of Economy, 
Trade and Industry

Sep. 2012   Director-General of the Manufacturing Industries Bureau, 

Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry

Jun.  2013   Director-General of the Economic and Industrial Policy 

Bureau, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry

Jul.  2015   Vice-Minister of Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Jul.  2017   Retired from Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Aug. 2017   Special Advisor to the Cabinet
Jun.  2018   Retired as Special Advisor to the Cabinet
Jun.  2018   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Brief career summary

Jul.  1989   Founding President of the International Wheelchair 

Basketball Federation

Dec. 2001   President of the International Paralympic Committee
Jul.  2002   Retired as President of the International Wheelchair 

Basketball Federation

Sep. 2017   Retired as President of the International  

Paralympic Committee

Jun.  2018   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Sir Philip 
Craven
Male
July 4, 1950
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Member of the Executive 
Appointment Meeting
Member of the Executive 
Compensation Meeting

Outside Independent

Outside Independent

Teiko Kudo
Female
May 22, 1964
Member of the Board 
of Directors

Position and areas of 
responsibility

Member of the Executive 
Appointment Meeting
Member of the Executive 
Compensation Meeting

Outside Independent

Brief career summary

Apr.  1987   Joined Sumitomo Bank, Limited
Apr.  2014   Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Apr.  2017   Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui  

Banking Corporation

Jun.  2018   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Apr.  2020   Senior Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui 

Banking Corporation

Apr.  2020   Senior Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui 

Financial Group, Inc.

Mar.  2021   Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (to present)

Apr.  2021   Senior Managing Corporate Executive Officer of 
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc.
Jun.  2021   Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of 
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. (to present)

5 6

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
Haruhiko 
Kato
Male
July 21, 1952
Full-time Audit & 
Supervisory Board 
Member

Katsuyuki 
Ogura
Male
January 25, 1963
Full-time Audit & 
Supervisory Board 
Member

Brief career summary

Apr.  1975   Joined Ministry of Finance
Jul.  2007   Director-General of the Tax Bureau, Ministry of Finance
Jul.  2009   Commissioner of the National Tax Agency
Jul.  2010   Retired as Commissioner of the National Tax Agency
Jan.  2011   Senior Managing Director of Japan Securities Depository 

Center, Inc.

Jun.  2011   President and Chief Executive Officer of Japan Securities 

Depository Center, Inc.

Jun.  2013   Member of the Board of Directors of Toyota Motor Corporation
Jul.  2015   Director, Representative Executive Officer and President 
of Japan Securities Depository Center, Inc.
Jun.  2018   Retired as member of the Board of Directors of Toyota 

Motor Corporation

Mar.  2019   Retired as Representative Executive Officer, President 

and CEO of Japan Securities Depository Center, Inc.
Jun.  2019   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Jun.  2019   Retired as Director of Japan Securities Depository 

Center, Inc.

Brief career summary

Apr.  1985   Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
Jan.  2018   General Manager of Audit & Supervisory Board Office of 

Toyota Motor Corporation

Jun.  2019   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Hiroshi  
Ozu
Male
July 21, 1949
Audit & Supervisory 
Board Member

Brief career summary

Jul.  2012   Prosecutor-General
Jul.  2014   Retired as Prosecutor-General
Sep. 2014   Registered as Attorney
Jun.  2015   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  
 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 Financial Summary  

 History  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Masahide 
Yasuda
Male
April 1, 1949
Full-time Audit & 
Supervisory Board 
Member

Brief career summary

Oct.  1972   Joined Toyota Motor Corporation
Jun.  2007   President of Toyota Motor Corporation Australia Ltd.
May  2014   Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation Australia Ltd.
Dec. 2017   Retired as Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation 

Australia Ltd.

Jun.  2018   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Yoko  
Wake
Female
November 18, 1947
Audit & Supervisory 
Board Member

Outside

Independent

George 
Olcott
Male
May 7, 1955
Audit & Supervisory 
Board Member

Brief career summary

Apr.  1993   Professor of Faculty of Business and Commerce of 

Keio University

Jun.  2011   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Apr.  2013   Professor Emeritus of Keio University (to present)

Brief career summary

Jul.  1986   Joined S.G. Warburg & Co., Ltd.
Feb. 1999   President of UBS Asset Management (Japan)
Jun.  2000   Managing Director of Equity Capital Market of UBS 

Warburg Tokyo

Jul.  2001   Retired as Managing Director of Equity Capital Market of 

UBS Warburg Tokyo

Sep. 2001   Doctoral Program, Judge Business School, University of 

Cambridge

Mar.  2005   FME Teaching Fellow of Judge Business School, 

University of Cambridge

Mar.  2008   Senior Fellow of Judge Business School, University of 

Cambridge

Aug. 2013   Retired as Senior Fellow of Judge Business School, 

University of Cambridge

Jun.  2022   Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Motor 

Corporation (to present)

Outside

Independent

Outside

Independent

5 7

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
Operating Officers and Organizational Structure

(As of November 2022)

 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  

 Financial Summary  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 
 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Akio Toyoda
President, Chief Executive Officer

Operating Officers

Kenta Kon
Executive Vice President
Chief Financial Officer

Masahiko Maeda
Executive Vice President
Chief Technology Officer

Masanori Kuwata
Executive Vice President
Chief Risk Officer
Chief Compliance Officer
Chief Human Resources Officer

Koji Kobayashi
Banto

Keiji Yamamoto
Chief Information & Security Officer
Chief Product Integration Officer

Yoichi Miyazaki
Chief Competitive Officer

Jun Nagata
Chief Communication Officer

Yumi Otsuka
Chief Sustainability Officer

Koji Sato
Chief Branding Officer

James Kuffner
Chief Digital Officer

Audit & Supervisory Board Office / Internal Audit Dept.

Head Office

CEO Office / Sustainability Management Dept.
Toyota System Supply / Digital Transformation Promotion Dept.

Toyota ZEV Factory

Information Systems Group

Frontier Research Center

Accounting Group

TPS Group

Business Development Group

External & Public Affairs 
Group

General Administration & 
Human Resources Group

Sales Financial Business 
Group

Purchasing Group

Customer First Promotion 
Group

Production Group

Business Unit

Region

Product

North America Region

Europe Region

Japan Sales Business 
Group

China Region

Asia Region

East Asia, Oceania & 
Middle East Region

Latin America & Caribbean 
Region

Advanced R&D and 
Engineering Company

Africa Support Div.
Business Planning Div. / Sales 
& Operation Planning Div.
KD Business Planning Div. / 
Sales & Marketing Support Div.

Carbon Neutral Advanced 
Engineering Development 
Center

Vehicle Development Center

Toyota Compact Car 
Company

Mid-size Vehicle Company

CV Company

Lexus International Co.

Powertrain Company

Production Engineering 
Development Center

Connected Company

GAZOO Racing Company

Emerging-market Compact 
Car Company

Fellow

Mitsuru Kawai
Executive Fellow

Shigeki Terashi
Executive Fellow

Shigeki 
Tomoyama
Executive Fellow

Gill A. Pratt
Chief Scientist and 
Executive Fellow for 
Research

5 8

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  
 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Financial Summary  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

Global Perspective/Data by Region

Number of Plants and 
Manufacturing Companies
(As of March 31, 2022)

R&D Sites
(As of March 31, 2022)

Europe

7
3 Asia, excluding Japan
26
4

Japan

16

8 Other

North America

13
5

7
0

FY2022 Financial Highlights (Consolidated)  The second of each pair of figures is the year-on-year change.

Total Vehicle Sales

Sales Revenues

Operating Income

Net Income Attributable to 

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Other

Japan

Asia

Europe

North America

Number of Employees

372,817

(Consolidated, as of 
March 31, 2022)

Other

Japan

Asia

Europe

North America

Total Vehicle Production

8,158,223 

(Consolidated, FY2022)

8,230 thousand
+584 thousand

¥31,379.5 billion
+¥4,164.9 billion

¥2,995.6 billion
+¥797.9 billion

Toyota Motor Corporation

Other

¥2,850.1 billion
+¥604.8 billion

Total Liquid Assets

Total Shareholder Return (Max)

R&D Expenses

Capital Expenditures

¥10,517.3 billion
-¥1,062.0 billion

¥1,153.8 billion
+¥232.8 billion

¥1,124.2 billion
+¥33.8 billion

¥1,343.0 billion
+¥49.8 billion

5 9

Total Vehicle Sales

8,230,425 

(Consolidated, FY2022)

Asia

Europe

Japan

North 
America

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
History

Toyoda Model AA passenger car launched 
(1936)

Toyopet Crown launched 
(1955)

Soarer launched 
(1981)

Lexus LS400 launched 
(1989)

Prius launched 
(1997)

Hilux Vigo launched
(2004)

Mirai launched 
(2014)

bZ4X launched 
(2022)

16th-generation Crown launched 
(2022)

 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Financial Summary  

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Founding and entry into  
the automobile industry

Publica Sports launched 
(1962)

Domestic/Overseas 
Vehicle Production (Thousands of units)
(Including Daihatsu and Hino brands since 2002)

Domestic 

Overseas

10,000

Establishing the Toyota identity

Leaping forward as a global corporation

Toward the mobility 
society of the future

Sports 800 launched 
(1965)

2000GT launched 
(1967)

Celica launched 
(1970)

Levin/Trueno 
launched (1983)

Supra launched 
(1986)

LFA launched 
(2009)

GR Yaris launched 
(2020)

MR2 launched 
(1984)

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

History of Toyota

 Labor disputes (1950)

  Toyota Motor and Toyota Motor 
Sales merged with TMC (1982)

 Recall issues (2009–2010)

  TRI established 
(2016)

 Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. established (1937)

 Total Quality Control (TQC) introduced (1961)

 Prius launched (1997)

 Losses (FY2009)

  Construction  
of “Woven City” 
launched (2021)

  Toyoda Model AA passenger  
car launched (1936)

 Kanban method adopted (1963)

  Five Main Principles 
of Toyoda  
established (1935)

  The Toyota 
Production System 
established

  NUMMI, a joint corporation 
with GM, established in  
the U.S. (1984)

 The Toyota Way 2001 adopted (2001)

 Mirai launched (2014)

  Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 
established (2015)

  Guiding Principles at Toyota 
adopted (1992)

 Toyota Global Vision adopted (2011)

  Toyota Philosophy 
and Toyota Way 2020 
established (2020)

1935 1940

1950

1960

1970

1980

1990

2000

2010

Major World Events

 World War II (1939-1945)

  Rapid economic growth period in Japan 
(1960s-1970s)

 Berlin Wall comes down (1989)

  The Great East Japan Earthquake, 
Thailand floods (2011)

 U.S.-Japan trade friction (1980s)

  Kyoto Protocol 
adopted (1997)

 The 2008 financial crisis (2008)

2020

  The COVID-19 
pandemic 
emerged (2019)

 Oil crisis (1973 & 1979)

  Tighter control on exhaust  
emissions (1970s)

 Rio Earth Summit (1992)

  Trade friction surrounding cars (1990s)

6 0

 UN SDGs adopted (2015)

  Paris Agreement 
adopted (2015)

  Russia-Ukraine 
crisis (2022)

75 Years of Toyota 

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Financial Summary  

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Financial Summary (Consolidated)

Fiscal years ended March 31

U.S. GAAP

IFRS

Consolidated Vehicle Sales 

Foreign 
Exchange 
Rates 
(Average)

Yen to U.S. Dollar Rate

Yen to Euro Rate

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2020

U.S. GAAP

IFRS

2021

2022

(thousands  
of units)

8,871

9,116

8,972

8,681

8,971

8,964

8,977

8,958

8,955

7,646

8,230

83

107

100

134

110

139

120

133

108

119

111

130

111

128

109

121

109

121

106

124

112

131

Net Revenues

Sales Revenues 

(billions of yen) 

22,064.1

25,691.9

27,234.5

28,403.1

27,597.1

29,379.5

30,225.6

29,929.9

29,866.5

27,214.5

31,379.5

Operating Income (Loss) Operating Income (Loss)

(billions of yen) 

1,320.8

2,292.1

2,750.5

2,853.9

1,994.3

2,399.8

2,467.5

2,442.8

2,399.2

2,197.7

2,995.6

Income (Loss) before 
Income Taxes

Income (Loss) before  
Income Taxes

Net Income (Loss)*1

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to 
Toyota Motor Corporation

(billions of yen) 

1,403.6

2,441.0

2,892.8

2,983.3

2,193.8

2,620.4

2,285.4

2,554.6

2,792.9

2,932.3

3,990.5

(billions of yen) 

962.1

1,823.1

2,173.3

2,312.6

1,831.1

2,493.9

1,882.8

2,076.1

2,036.1

2,245.2

2,850.1

Cash Dividends

(billions of yen) 

285.0

522.9

631.3

645.5

627.5

642.6

626.8

610.8

610.8

671.0

718.2

Common 
Shares

Cash Dividends per Share*2

Payout Ratio

(yen) 

(%)

Value of Shares Repurchased [shareholder return] *3

(billions of yen) 

18

29.6

̶

33

28.7

40

29.0

42

28.3

42

34.6

44

26.1

44

33.8

44

29.9

44

30.2

48

29.8

52

25.3

180.0

293.3

639.3

449.9

549.9

549.9

199.9

199.9

249.9

435.6

R&D Expenses

(billions of yen) 

807.4

910.5

1,004.5

1,055.6

1,037.5

1,064.2

1,048.8

1,110.3

1,110.3

1,090.4

1,124.2

Depreciation Expenses*4

(billions of yen) 

727.3

775.9

806.2

885.1

893.2

964.4

984.8

812.8

803.3

*6

876.9

1,007.2

Capital Expenditures*4

Total Liquid Assets*5

Total Assets

Toyota Motor Corporation 
Shareholders’ Equity

Toyota Motor Corporation 
Shareholders’ Equity

Return on Equity 

Return on Equity (ROE)

Return on Assets 

Return on Assets (ROA)

(billions of yen) 

852.7

1,000.7

1,177.4

1,292.5

1,211.8

1,302.7

1,465.8

1,393.0

1,372.3

1,293.2

1,343.0

(billions of yen) 

5,883.1

7,661.9

8,508.2

9,229.9

9,199.5

9,372.1

9,454.4

8,685.1

8,602.6

11,579.4

10,517.3

(billions of yen) 

35,483.3

41,437.4

47,729.8

47,427.5

48,750.1

50,308.2

51,936.9

52,680.4

53,972.3

62,267.1

67,688.7

(billions of yen) 

12,148.0

14,469.1

16,788.1

16,746.9

17,514.8

18,735.9

19,348.1

20,060.6

20,618.8

23,404.5

26,245.9

(%)

(%)

8.5

2.9

13.7

4.7

13.9

4.9

13.8

4.9

10.6

3.8

13.7

5.0

9.8

3.7

10.4

4.0

10.0

3.8

10.2

3.9

11.5

4.4

*1 Shows “Net income (loss) attributable to Toyota Motor Corporation”
*2 The above figures show dividends per common share on a post-stock split basis (values for after the five-for-one stock split of shares of our common stock conducted on October 1, 2021).
*3 Value of common shares repurchased (shareholder return on net income for the period, excluding shares constituting less than one unit that were purchased upon request and repurchases made to avoid the dilution of shares)
*4 Figures for depreciation expenses and capital expenditures do not include vehicles under operating leases and right of use assets
*5 Represents cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, and investments in public and corporate bonds and trust funds, excluding those deriving from the financial services business
*6 Depreciation methods were revised at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020

SEC Filing  

6 1

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Financial Summary  

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

2018-2019 (U.S. GAAP) /2020-2022 (IFRS)

Consolidated Vehicle Sales

Sales Revenues

Operating Income

(Thousands of units)
10,000

(Trillions of yen)
35

■■ Operating income

Operating income ratio (Right scale)

(Billions of yen)
3,000

2,995.6

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

FY

8,964

8,977

8,955

8,230

7,646

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

FY

29.3

30.2

29.8

31.3

27.2

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

FY

2,399.8

2,467.5

2,399.2

2,197.7

9.5

8.2

8.2

8.0

8.1

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

(%)
12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

4.0

2.0

0

Net Income Attributable to Toyota Motor Corporation

R&D Expenses*  1

Capital Expenditures

■■ Net income attributable to Toyota Motor Corporation

Net income ratio (Right scale)

(Billions of yen)
3,000

2,500

2,493.9

2,850.1

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

FY

8.5

1,882.8

2,036.1

2,245.2

8.3

9.1

6.8

6.2

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

(%)
12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

4.0

2.0

0

■■

R&D expenses

Ratio to net revenues (Right scale)

■■ 

Capital expenditures

Depreciation expenses

(Billions of yen)
1,200

1,064.2

1,048.8

1,110.3

1,090.4

1,124.2

1,000

800

600

400

200

0

FY

3.6

3.5

4.0

3.7

3.6

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

(%)
6.0

5.0

4.0

3.0

2.0

1.0

0

(Billions of yen)
1,500

1,465.8

1,250

1,000

750

500

250

0

FY

1,302.7

1,372.3

1,293.2

1,343.0

964.4

 984.8

876.9

803.3*2

1,007.2

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

*1 Expenses incurred in connection with R&D activities during the reporting period 

*2  Depreciation methods were revised 

6 2

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
Corporate Information and Stock Information (As of March 31, 2022)

Corporate Data

Major Shareholders (Top 10)

 Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members  

 Operating Officers and Organizational Structure 

 Global Perspective/Data by Region  

 History  

 Financial Summary  

 Corporate Information and Stock Information

Company Name 

Toyota Motor Corporation

Established 

August 28, 1937

Common Stock  

¥635,402 million

Fiscal Year-End 

March 31

Number of Affiliates  Consolidated subsidiaries: 559
 Affiliates accounted for by the 
equity method: 169

Name

Number of Employees  372,817  

The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd.

(Parent company: 70,710)

Toyota Industries Corporation

Accounting Auditor 

 PricewaterhouseCoopers  
Aarata LLC

Corporate Website 

 Corporate information: 
https://global.toyota/en/
IR information:  
https://global.toyota/en/ir/
Toyota Times:  
https://toyotatimes.jp/en/

Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd.

Nippon Life Insurance Company

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
(Standing Proxy: Settlement & Clearing Services Division, Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)

DENSO Corporation

State Street Bank and Trust Company
(Standing Proxy: Settlement & Clearing Services Division, Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)

The Bank of New York Mellon as Depositary Bank for Depositary Receipt Holders
(Standing Proxy: Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation)

Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited

Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.

Common 
shares
(1,000 shares)

Percentage of 
Shareholding
(%)

1,911,350

13.87

1,192,331

962,378

634,823

512,551

449,576

338,970

295,945

284,072

255,324

8.65

6.98

4.61

3.72

3.26

2.46

2.15

2.06

1.85

Stock Data

Number of Shares Authorized 

50,000,000,000 shares

Number of Shares Issued 

Common shares: 16,314,987,460 shares

Number of Shareholders 

813,254

Stock Listings 

Japan: Tokyo, Nagoya  Overseas: New York, London 

Securities Code Japan:  

7203

American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)  Ratio: 1 ADR=10 common shares 

Symbol: TM

Transfer Agent in Japan 

Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation

1-1, Nikko-cho, Fuchu City, Tokyo 183-0044, Japan

Japan toll-free: (0120) 232-711

Depository and Transfer Agent for ADRs  The Bank of New York Mellon

240 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10286, U.S.A.

Contact Points

City Head Office:  1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 471-8571, Japan

Tel: (0565) 28-2121

Tokyo Head Office: 1-4-18, Koraku, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112-8701, Japan

Tel: (03) 3817-7111

(Note)  Percentage of shareholding is calculated after deducting treasury stock (2,536,686 thousand shares) from the total number 

of shares issued.

Ownership Breakdown

Individuals, etc.:
1,758,125 thousand shares
12.76%

Other corporate entities:
3,474,953 thousand shares
25.22%

(Note)  The above percentages indicate the ratios of shareholdings to the total 

number of shares issued after deducting treasury stock (2,536,686 
thousand shares)

6 3

Financial institutions, 

brokerages:
5,402,041 thousand shares
39.21%

Foreign corporate 

entities and others:
3,143,182 thousand shares
22.81%

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Definitions of Consolidated and Retail Vehicle Sales

Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-looking Statements, and Other Information

Daihatsu- and Hino- brand vehicles

C
o
n
s
o

l
i

Toyota and Lexus brand vehicles

d
a
t
e
d
v
e
h
c
e

l

i

Number of vehicles produced for wholesale by Toyota 
Motor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries

Number of vehicles produced for wholesale by Toyota’s 
unconsolidated entities (e.g. joint ventures in China, etc.) 

s
a
e
s

l

l

d
e
a
e
r
s
o
u
t
s
d
e

i

c
o
n
s
o

l
i

d
a
t
i
o
n

i

D
s
t
r
i
b
u
t
o
r
s
o
r

C
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
s

T
o
t
a

l

r
e
t
a

i
l

v
e
h
c
e

l

i

s
a
e
s

l

T
o
y
o
t
a

a
n
d
L
e
x
u
s

v
e
h
c
e

i

l

l

s
a
e
s

*There are a limited number of exceptional cases in which sales are made other than in accordance with the flowchart above.

(vii) 

(viii) 

(ix) 
(x) 

(xi) 
(xii) 

(xiii) 

 Political and economic instability in the markets in 
which Toyota operates
 Toyota’s ability to timely develop and achieve  
market acceptance of new products that meet  
customer demand
 Any damage to Toyota’s brand image
 Toyota’s reliance on various suppliers for the provision 
of supplies
 Increases in prices of raw materials
 Toyota’s reliance on various digital and information 
technologies, as well as information security
 Fuel shortages or interruptions in electricity, transporta-
tion systems, labor strikes, work stoppages or other 
interruptions to, or difficulties in, the employment of 
labor in the major markets where Toyota purchases 
materials, components, and supplies for the production 
of its products or where its products are produced, dis-
tributed or sold

(xiv)   The impact of natural calamities, epidemics, political 

and economic instability, fuel shortages or interruptions 
in social infrastructure, wars, terrorism, and labor 
strikes, including their negative effect on Toyota’s vehi-
cle production and sales
 The impact of climate change and the transition 
towards a low-carbon economy

(xv) 

A discussion of these and other factors which may affect 
Toyota’s actual results, performance, achievements, or finan-
cial position is contained in Toyota’s annual report on Form 
20-F, which is on file with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission.

SEC Filing 

This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect 
Toyota’s plans and expectations. These forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors that may cause Toyota’s actual results, performance, 
achievements or financial position to be materially different 
from any future results, performance, achievements, or  
financial position expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements.

These factors include, but are not limited to:
(i) 

 Changes in economic conditions, market demand, and 
the competitive environment affecting the automotive 
markets in Japan, North America, Europe, Asia and 
other markets in which Toyota operates
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates (particularly 
with respect to the value of the Japanese yen, the U.S. 
dollar, the euro, the Australian dollar, the Russian ruble, 
the Canadian dollar and the British pound), stock pric-
es and interest rate fluctuations
 Changes in funding environment in financial markets and 
increased competition in the financial services industry
 Toyota’s ability to market and distribute effectively
 Toyota’s ability to realize production efficiencies and to 
implement capital expenditures at the levels and times 
planned by management
 Changes in the laws, regulations, and government poli-
cies in the markets in which Toyota operates that affect 
Toyota’s automotive operations, particularly laws, regu-
lations, and government policies relating to vehicle 
safety including remedial measures such as recalls, 
trade, environmental protection, vehicle emissions, and 
vehicle fuel economy, as well as changes in laws, regu-
lations, and government policies that affect Toyota’s 
other operations, including the outcome of current and 
future litigation and other legal proceedings, govern-
ment proceedings and investigations

(ii) 

(iii) 

(iv) 
(v) 

(vi) 

6 4

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Integrated Report 2022 is intended to communicate to stakeholders Toyota’s policies and strategies for addressing management issues to achieve its vision for the future.

This file is an interactive PDF and can be navigated by clicking on the following elements.

Icons icons that link to relevant web pages online.

In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the automotive business ramped up.

The Toyoda Principles were compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work.

The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths.

This philosophy provided the answer to the fundamental question, What is Toyota as a touchstone for the entire Group.

The automotive industry is experiencing a once in a century transfor mation.

In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.

To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and the traffic cones used to guide cars.

The Toyoda Principles, or Five Main Principles of Toyoda, have since been handed down to every Toyota Group company and serve as guidelines for all employees.

Modern Interpretation We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, and communities.

We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting edge technologies across the world.

We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead the change.

We focus on work that is value adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding superficial matters.

We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.

We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while also respecting the diversity of the world.

Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by himself.

Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars.

Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today.

What they truly wanted to make was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work related to those products.

The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all.

However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people.

Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.

Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create.

Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life to such things.

We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society.

Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all.

Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a sustainable relationship with our planet.

Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and society closer.

As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, including the fun to drive experience.

There are still many potential opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible with new possibilities.

To move can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being emotionally moved.

It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life to move hearts, minds, and bodies.

As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times.

In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and society.

These tangible and intangible aspects together power Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new imagination.

In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.

We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique value.

We are living in an era in which it is hard to accelerate CO2 reduction and zero predict the future.

I have continued to emphasize these prices, the CASE revolution is driving a core points.

To move forward, I think transformation of car making itself.

Steering our business forward has never doubts and just take action. been more challenging.

At any given moment, numerous engineers are grappling with new, unprecedented technologies across Toyota.

My mission is to explore the path forward to to return Toyota to its origins, the philosophy the future while protecting jobs and the of producing happiness for all.

Over the past 13 years, I have been working livelihoods of our stakeholders.

Let’s aim to be best in town, rather than being the best in the world.

This is certainly true for the development before us.

Amid these turbulent conditions, for the of hydrogen engines.

Hydrogen engines future of the planet and generations to are far from ready for commercial come, all of industry, indeed, all of release, but we have been striving to humanity must work to address the task of accelerate development by honing them creating a carbon neutral world.

Carbon is our enemy, not the internal with engines. combustion engine or a particular powertrain.

Don’t stop because the future is infrastructure situation while keeping open unclear because the future in unclear, an array of technological options to give it a try.

A Mobility Future That Only context of such stories.

We have reached this point after long years of struggle thanks to those who have supported us through both good and difficult times. every individual working at Toyota’s genba.

Change at Toyota Is Apparent at the Genba company.

I believe in a mobility future that only carmakers can create.

We would not have been able to change without the understanding and backing of our stakeholders.

Today, Toyota offers a wide demonstrated Toyota’s philosophy and variety of products that have become the skills through action at the genba (the front preferred choice of customers around the confidence, and ambition: I make cars.

I see my mission as nurturing such individuals by passing on the legacy of lines) time and again, both as president world.

Toyota’s skills and philosophy. and as a master driver. working at Toyota have changed.

Based on these principles, we will continue to blaze the trail forward to the future with our many partners and colleagues.

Toyota’s efforts at the genba are better understand what makes our underpinned by the many people, both customers and stakeholders happy and inside and outside the Company, who what doesn’t.

By focusing on making ever better cars, diverse professionals work tirelessly, we discover the limits of what we can do acting with mutual respect, sharing by ourselves.

We realize that, from expertise, and making steady development to after sales, a car has a improvements to deliver ever better cars useful life spanning more than 20 years to customers as quickly as possible.

By bringing car development into the happiness for all using the time honored world of motorsport, the demanding skills of the TPS.

I am grateful for such conditions of racing allow us to hone both dedication, which I see as a clear sign of vehicles and people.

Sakichi Toyoda, the founder of the Toyota Group, was born the son of a carpenter in the village of Yamaguchi, now part of Kosai City, Shizuoka Prefecture, in 1867.

Full of curiosity, Sakichi is said to have spent his early years reading a wide range of books, thinking about how he might make a contri bution to society.

One day, Sakichi was thinking about his mother, and how every evening she toiled at her loom, weaving fabric late into the night.

He wondered if there might be a way to make her work easier.

At the time, weaving was a laborious process, requiring the use of both hands and legs to control the threads of warp and weft in sequence.

At the age of 23, Sakichi invented his first loom, the Toyoda Wooden Hand Loom, which could be operated with only one hand and greatly increased efficiency.

Seeking to more dramatically increase capacity, Sakichi turned his attention to developing a powered loom and invented Japan’s first, the Toyoda Power Loom, for which he received a patent in August 1898.

Sakichi continued to invent and improve looms for more than two decades.

This work came to head with the Non Stop Shuttle Change Toyoda Automatic Loom, Type G, invented in 1924 in collaboration with his son, Kiichiro.

At the time, automatic looms had to be con stantly watched over by human operators so that they could intervene when unpredictable anoma lies, such as threads breaking, occurred.

The Type G automatic loom used a mechanism to detect anomalies like running out of or breaks in the thread, stopping automatically in response.

Furthermore, the Type G automatically changed the loom’s shuttle when the thread was close to running out.

When changing the shuttles holding the weft thread, operators previously had to use their mouths to suck the end of the thread through the eye of the shuttle, inhaling cotton dust, which caused problems in the lungs of many workers.

Sakichi, Kiichiro, and the colleagues invented a way to pull the thread through using a simple manual action that took advantage of the thread’s tension.

The drive to serve others and make their work easier like Sakichi’s desire to ease the burden of his mother and employees was carried on by his son Kiichiro and remains a core value of Toyota today.

The Type G automatic loom was said to boast the best performance of any loom in the world, improving productivity more than twentyfold and dramatically increasing textile quality.

The success of the Type G empowered Kiichiro Toyoda to take on the challenge of establishing a Japanese automotive industry, which many at the time, more than 80 years ago, considered beyond the capabilities of Japanese industry.

This was the work to which he would dedicate the rest of his life.

Kiichiro Toyoda, the son of Sakichi, was born in 1894.

After graduating from college in 1921, he went to work at Toyoda Boshoku, his father’s company, and traveled to Europe and the United States for the first time.

In the 1920s, the streets of the United States were teeming with Ford Model Ts.

In Japan, the number of imported automobiles was gradually rising, but their use was confined to the very wealthy.

Kiichiro was already determined to produce domestic cars and establish a Japanese auto industry.

In 1926, Kiichiro was named managing director of the newly established Toyoda Automatic Loom Works, Ltd. and began studying automobiles in earnest.

The company established an automotive department in September 1933 and in 1934 officially entered the automotive business, completing its first engine prototype.

In 1935, the first Toyoda Model A1 prototype passenger car was completed, and the Toyoda Model G1 Truck was announced.

The very next year, in 1936, mass production of Model AA passenger cars commenced.

Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. was established in 1937, with Kiichiro be coming its president in 1941.

In post war 1949 Japan, measures to curb inflation rapidly stabilized prices, but the resulting reduction in the money supply plunged industry into serious funding shortages, triggering the so called Dodge Line Recession.

The prices of iron, steel, and other materials rose, but the officially fixed price of automobiles stood unchanged, causing the profitability of the automotive industry to decline significantly.

In December of that year, Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. and its labor union signed a memorandum aimed at cooperating to overcome the crisis, stating that the Company was at all costs to avoid job cuts as a means of overcoming the crisis.

Kiichiro had faced employment issues at Toyoda Automatic Loom Works during the Showa Depression in 1930 and was determined to never again allow such a situation to arise.

His entry into the automotive industry had been in part a strate gy to diversify and thereby avoid the recurrence of employment problems, so he was, of course, resolved to avoid job cuts at all costs in the face of the 1949 business crisis.

Japan began on the Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. reconstruction plan.

Motor Sales Co., Ltd. was established to resolve the problem of delays in payments for vehicles, a major cause of the Company’s financial troubles.

Far from improving, however, the situation worsened further.

As the Company’s business results showed no sign of improvement, labor management negotiations with the Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. labor union deteriorated into a protracted dispute.

During collective bargaining that April, the Company made reconstruction proposals centered on job cuts that the labor union could not accept, and the dispute continued for another month and a half until a memorandum was finally signed in June.

Accepting responsibility for the labor disputes, Kiichiro Toyoda resigned as president of the Company in May 1950.

In March 1952, he agreed to make his much awaited return to the position, but, before he could do so, he passed away at the age of 57.

Nevertheless, his aspirations were kept alive by his colleagues, who persevered with purely home grown technologies as other Japanese automakers were forming technology alliances with U.S. and European manufacturers.

These efforts led to the 1955 launch of the Toyopet Crown, the first passenger car to be developed and built entirely in Japan, a long held dream of Kiichiro Toyoda.

Born into a poor family, Sakichi Toyoda was driven to make others’ work easier, teaching himself in order to invent automatic looms and going on to build Toyota’s foundations.

Not content to simply follow the easy path set by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of domestic car making, which many at the time said was impossible, navigating tremendous social changes as he built the Company and the foundations of Japan’s automotive industry.

The spirit they embodied of striving to stay ahead of the times and endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society lives on in Toyota today.

In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the automotive business ramped up.

The Toyoda Principles were compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work.

The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths.

This philosophy provided the answer to the fundamental question, What is Toyota as a touchstone for the entire Group.

The automotive industry is experiencing a once in a century transfor mation.

In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.

To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and the traffic cones used to guide cars.

The Toyoda Principles, or Five Main Principles of Toyoda, have since been handed down to every Toyota Group company and serve as guidelines for all employees.

Modern Interpretation We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, and communities.

We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting edge technologies across the world.

We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead the change.

We focus on work that is value adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding superficial matters.

We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.

We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while also respecting the diversity of the world.

Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by himself.

Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars.

Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today.

What they truly wanted to make was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work related to those products.

The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all.

However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people.

Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.

Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create.

Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life to such things.

We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society.

Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all.

Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a sustainable relationship with our planet.

Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and society closer.

As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, including the fun to drive experience.

There are still many potential opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible with new possibilities.

To move can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being emotionally moved.

It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life to move hearts, minds, and bodies.

As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times.

In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and society.

These tangible and intangible aspects together power Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new imagination.

In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.

We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique value.

Toyota Production System (TPS) since its foundation, or even before then.

Does anyone know what they are Participant A I think they are Just in Time and automation with a human touch, or Jidoka.

Toyoda That’s it That’s what I wanted to hear (everyone laughs) That’s why I volunteered to be the lecturer today to help kick off the TPS training program.

Hopefully, I can help narrow the gap between my understanding of Jidoka and Just in Time and yours.

It’ll be easier to explain the concept by first looking at the automatic loom invented by Sakichi Toyoda.

Thinking about his mother, and how she toiled to weave fabrics every eve ning and late into the night, the young Sakichi wondered if there might be a way to ease her burden.

When Sakichi developed his first automated loom, both hands were used to control the threads of warp and weft.

His invention allowed his mother to operate a loom using only one hand.

It also helped improve quality, increasing overall efficiency and dramatically improving productivity.

Often at Toyota, TPS is considered the process of making things efficient, and people talk about it as if changing work processes is TPS’s purpose.

But, I think the pur pose should always be to make someone’s work easier.

The Type G automatic loom is the machine that helped drive a redesign of Toyota’s business.

Automatic looms back then were always monitored by one operator, based on a mindset of one person, one machine.

This was because operators were unable to predict abnormalities.

With this automatic loom, Toyota was able to secure the capital required to shift its business model from an automatic loom manufacturer to a car manufacturer.

This was because a world leading automatic loom company in the United Kingdom asked Toyota to sell its automatic loom technology.

When the thread ran out, it automatically changed to another wooden shuttle with a new thread.

The shuttle needs to have the thread end out on the surface.

Before this machine was invented, workers had to suck it out themselves.

The problem was that there was a lot of cotton dust in the air in textile factories, which could damage workers’ lungs when they inhaled deeply.

Sakichi invented a new feature that automatically brought out the thread end.

This invention was the result of Sakichi simply exploring a desire to do something for his team members on the manufacturing front lines who were suffering damage in their lungs.

Thus, Sakichi determined what the abnormalities were and then came up with system to prevent or stop them.

As a result, productivity improved not the other way around.

He did not do all this just to improve productivity.

In my view, Jidoka is about being centered on people.

It’s about putting yourself in the shoes of someone working there.

You can’t just issue orders to improve efficiency or reduce resources from the safety of your position far from the front lines.

Toyota also has this idea about adjusting the work per person to match the full output of one unit of manpower (pursuing ichi nin ku in Japanese).

This concept of ichi nin ku means the amount of work that one worker can or should accomplish in a day.

And employees spend a lot of that time devoted to work for a company.

Knowing this, supervi sors must make the work being done by team mem bers as meaningful as possible.

That is what Toyota’s manufacturing front lines have been pursuing.

The focus is creating more free time for workers by elimi nating waste in work processes to reduce overtime.

Pursuing ichi nin ku means valuing each person’s time.

The most common abnormalities that occurred when weaving fabric with automatic looms were when thread ran out or broke.

Over the past few years, we came to feverishly engage in both a fight to bring back what makes us Toyota and the complete redesign of Toyota for the future.

Revisiting messages President Toyoda gave starting from a few years ago, two of the things he repeatedly has said that makes us Toyota are the Toyota Production System, or TPS, and cost reduction.

In August 2020, at Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan, a new training program was started to nurture a select group of TPS leaders from various divisions across the Company.

To emphasize the importance of the program and to share his own thoughts about TPS, President Toyoda joined the kick off session.

This training program was created for Toyota’s manage ment leaders who don’t work at manufacturing front lines to gain a deeper understanding of TPS in order to help the Company accelerate its efforts to bring back the essence of what makes it Toyota as it looks to complete ly redesign Toyota for the future.

Toyoda I was a little concerned to hear today’s participants’ statement of determination to change Toyota any way possible by utilizing what’s learned and obtained through this program.

What is the Toyota Production System Akio Toyoda’s View the amount needed.

The key to understanding Just in Time is the idea of lead time, the amount of time required for products or services to be delivered after they are ordered.

Toyoda What comes to mind when you think about Just in Time Taking a what is needed when needed approach, to respond quickly to customer needs, there would need to be a lot of inventory, right One finished vehi cle consists of about 30,000 parts.

So, it would follow that for a production line to flexibly produce orders quickly, a tremendous amount of inventory would need to on hand, right Participant B But if we know and can meet what customers want... Toyoda Who do you mean by customers Participant B Each downstream process... or our final end users.

Toyoda But we sell around 10 million new vehicles annually, and that means we have the same number of customers.

How can we understand what is needed by each specif ic customer We can’t, so instead, we have to have a lean operation in place to detect abnormalities right away and halt the pipeline so that we can make improvements quickly.

In this way, I think the key concept that makes Just in Time easier to understand is lead time.

At Toyota, a common term for the next process in a workflow, whether it be in manufacturing or in an office, is downstream process.

Those in the downstream are considered a customer.

President Toyoda was trying to convince the participants to think of Just in Time in the context of the bigger picture, to consider not only the immediate downstream, but how things relate to the company as a whole to deliver Toyota’s vehicles to the end customers just in time.

When you go to an authentic sushi restaurant, are the finished orders just waiting in front of the chef I don’t think so.

You can’t prepare every specification in advance for 10 million customers.

Toyota’s passion for sports has been a constant since the Company’s founding in 1937.

That same year, founder Kiichiro Toyoda organized Toyota’s first sports club, the track and field club.

Since then, Toyota and its athletic clubs have grown and developed together.

President Akio Toyoda explains why he thinks this came to be.

More than 80 years ago, our founder Kiichiro Toyoda created a sports club along with the Automobile Division.

But what was the sports club for The spirit of never giving up and the spirit of working for the team, which encourag es effort on the behalf of others I believe these were exactly the mindsets the founding mem bers needed as they recklessly took on the chal lenge of establishing an automotive industry in Japan.

Kiichiro must have felt that sports could help strengthen the values they should cherish, creating Toyota as we know it today.

Following the track and field club, a judo club was created in 1938.

As the years went on, Toyota added more sports clubs to its roster, notably soccer, rugby, and volleyball clubs.

Club activities were put on hold during the war years but resumed in earnest thereafter.

Four clubs, including men’s and women’s volleyball clubs, were established in 1946 alone, and a total of twelve were set up in the five years from then to 1951.

In 1964, Tokyo hosted the Olympic and Paralympic Games, a proud moment for the country that led to increased popularity of corporate sports leagues and teams in Japan.

Around this time, Toyota helped establish a corporate backed sports league, the Japan League, to allow companies from across the country to come together in friend ly competition.

Not only did this build solidarity among Toyota’s employees, it helped forge ties across Japan’s economic sector.

It was also during this era that Toyota started to open and operate overseas, leading to a growing international view of the world, including with regard to sport activities.

By the 1970s, Toyota had 35 different sports clubs divided among its primary working loca tions in Japan.

For example, the Tokyo office had basketball, while track and field club was in Aichi Prefecture, where the Tahara Plant is located, and at the Higashi Fuji Technical Center in Shizuoka Prefecture, it was soccer.

Sports had taken a prominent position in the minds of employees at Toyota.

Internationally, Toyota made the decision to become the main sponsor of the Toyota Europe South America Cup (Intercontinental Cup) soccer competition in the mid 1980s.

This event brought together reigning champion clubs from the European and South American confederations in a competition to claim the distinction of the world’s top club team.

The event was renamed the Intercontinental Cup in 1984, and the FIFA Club World Championship pre sented by Toyota in the mid 2000s.

Toyota contin ued to support the competition as its main sponsor for three decades until 2014.

It was around this time that the Olympic and Paralympic spirit spread to Toyota.

In 2015, Toyota signed on to become the official worldwide mobility partner of the International Olympic and Paralympic Committees.

Approximately 300 Global Team Toyota Athletes from 50 countries and regions competed at the recent Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo and Beijing.

Toyota not only joined with Group members and partners around the world to cheer these athletes on, the Company worked with the event staff, developed sporting equipment, and supported athletes’ second careers.

We believe that sports are not just about competi tion first and foremost they are about bringing peo ple together.

In this spirit, we’ve worked with local chapters of the Special Olympics over the years, and in 2017 we became an official global partner.

The Special Olympics strives to create a better world by fostering the acceptance and inclusion of all people through sport and promotes Unified Sports, which joins people with and without intel lectual disabilities on the same teams in order to build relationships of mutual understanding and support.

We see the opportunity to work with Special Olympics as a way to expand our own view of the world and help create a more inclu sive, harmonious society.

Since its founding, Toyota has continued to believe in the power of sport to bring people together and boost morale, regardless of market conditions or the broader business challenges it faces.

We are proud of the long history of our sports teams, and will continue to cherish them.

The values of sport taking on challenges, never giving up, teamwork, and respect are also the values and corporate culture of Toyota.

Every day, across the globe, athletes demon strate the values of humility, hard work, determi nation, and perseverance.

It is our admiration for these values that contin ues to drive us to support the creation of a more inclusive and sustainable society in which all peo ple can start their impossible.

Toyota Dealers Convention, President treats sports car development as the front didn’t know anything about them.

Japan, as well as the Prius, which created human resource development.

For Toyota, under the new nickname Morizo, to the hybrid electric vehicle market.

From there, though a decade late, Toyota were long sellers, too.

Indeed, Toyota boasts aimed at meeting customer needs, begin went on to develop the LFA in the 2010s, numerous models that have been beloved by ning with the Toyoda Model AA in 1936.

Following this cycle, the next generation of recapturing the secret sauce, that flavor customers for decades.

Toyota sports cars should have hit the scene unique to Toyota and Lexus cars.

Around that time, Toyota was growing its vehi as well, but all of these were made in collabo cles mainly for overseas markets, the position cle sales, mainly outside Japan, and pursuing ration with outside partners.

The 1960s were a key era for Toyota’s sports scale expansion.

Amid that push, the role of to once again make a sports car that would ed greatly.

This decade saw the birth of many its old renewal rite was forgotten, and sports be all our own.

This dream led to the devel undergo regular model changes based solely sports cars that would eventually achieve cars disappeared from Toyota’s vehicle lineup.

For years, I have constantly been talking had model changes at all.

Toyota launched the Supra, MR2, Celica, and dangerous this was.

Our test drivers, in about ever better car making.

In this way, Toyota has created fact, felt the danger more keenly than I did.

The second pillar is the in house company the flavor of the products we put out.

A changing to meet the needs of the times can is essential.

A defining characteristic of Toyota is president who is able to definitively say no a car be a long seller.

We have already begun its full lineup of diverse vehicles that meet a to projects, even ones that our development working to reclaim this approach.

However, creating a new platform and pro comprehensive range of customer needs.

Morizo, master driver, and president of Toyota. root overseas, and we expanded its lineup to approach and implemented platform reforms responsible about creating cars in all genres, include the GR Yaris and Yaris Cross. while its sales volumes and revenues had from sports cars to commercial vehicles.

Similarly, the Corolla lineup saw the addition been expanding.

Ensuring this is the true objective of the to front lines myself and worked alongside my of the Corolla Sport and Corolla Cross.

The lure of increasing unit sales and revenue strength of our long sellers.

By continuing to make ever better cars, our we all had to grit our teeth and work even we must nurture people and organizations brand will continue to evolve.

This idea was the impetus for the transforma society really need.

The final pillar is a figure at the top who can better cars that bring smiles to customers’ faces.

At first, when I spoke about making ever was the Toyota New Global Architecture their proper places and tackle the challenge sets Toyota apart, that it has and other OEMs better cars, few understood me, or tried.

Going forward, we will continue to do our utmost to make ever better cars.

Toyota, which we put into every product, to all our dealers and as many customers as possible.

Nothing would please me more than if that story were to become one of the many new stories connecting the hearts of our dealers and customers.

The new Crown, Toyota’s flagship car, made its world premier on July 15, 2022.

President Akio Toyoda spoke about the passion behind the many generations of the Crown to date and what it means to him to deliver the 16th generation Crown a car that represents Toyota and Japan and has undergone a major transformation from previous models to customers around the world.

The Crown’s origin can be traced back to Toyota’s founding era.

Driving this ambitious dream was his philosophy of enriching the lives of the Japanese people by creating a passenger car for the masses.

Production of Toyota’s longed for domestic passenger car finally began in January 1952, 15 years after the Company’s founding.

Appointed as the Crown’s chief engineer was Kenya Nakamura.

Driven by a strong sense of mission, Nakamura put all his energy into developing the Crown.

He approached the task with the conviction to do what he thought was right despite strong opposition and criticism.

No latest technolo gy was ignored in the Crown’s creation, including a double wishbone suspension for the front wheels.

Reminiscing about the launch, Nakamura said, It was like all of Japan was in the midst of a festival.

When I apologized for something that wasn’t good enough, customers con soled me by saying It’s just a tiny scratch.

No big deal.’ It was like the whole country was giving me a boost forward.

In 1957, the Crown participated in an Australian rally, making it the first Japanese car to race in an international rally.

Soon after, Toyota took another bold step by exporting the vehicle to the United States, marking its first passenger car export.

Then, in 1959, Toyota opened its Motomachi Plant specifically for producing passenger cars.

Building a mass production plant with an annual capacity of 60,000 units was a major decision, given that Japan’s pas senger car market was still in its infancy.

For Toyota, all its post war challenges started with the first generation Crown.

I would say that car symbolized Japan’s recovery and growth momentum.

President Toyoda’s message to the world: This is Japan’s Crown issues, sales struggled.

The lesson learned from this model, and taken to heart to this day, was this: The Crown must first and foremost meet customers’ core needs.

From that point on, successive chief engineers pursued Crown development with great care to balance innovation and customer expectations.

That approach to car making bore fruit in the development of the seventh and eighth generations, led by chief engineer Kenichi Imaizumi.

With its Someday, a Crown tagline, the seventh generation became a status symbol in Japan, followed by the eighth generation, which achieved the highest sales volume in Crown history.

I joined Toyota in 1984, and my first work place was the Motomachi Plant.

I was involved in the production preparation for the eighth generation, and I still remember how everyone took pride in their work.

In the 1980s, the Crown had undoubtedly become Japan’s flagship car.

The Crown entered hard times from the ninth generation onward.

To start with, the Crown’s positioning within Toyota changed.

In 1989, Toyota launched the Lexus LS in Japan as the Toyota Celsior.

This marked a major turning point in the his tory of the Crown, which had long served as Toyota’s flagship car.

The third generation Crown was launched in 1967, the year that personal vehicle own ership began to take off in Japan.

Kameo Uchiyamada took the reins as chief engineer after participating in the second generation car’s development under Nakamura’s tute lage.

Looking at cars in a parking lot, Uchiyamada noticed that lighter colors seemed to be gaining in popularity.

Anticipating that more people would be using a Crown as a personal vehicle, he decided to make the third generation avail able in white.

Widely known as the White Crown, this model became a driving force in Japan’s motorization.

The years covered by the first three gen erations of the Crown constitute the car’s foundational period.

Over the next two decades, the Crown matured, developing a unique presence sought out by customers.

Launched in 1971, the fourth generation adopted daring new styling for a new image in anticipation of intensified competition from foreign cars.

Then, after Japan’s economic bubble burst in 1991, the Japanese economy fell into recession, dragging down with it demand for luxury vehicles.

At the same time, competition from imports intensified.

The ninth and 10th generations of the Crown hit the market amid these harsh headwinds.

Chief engineer Hiroyuki Watanabe inherited the chief engineer role from Imaizumi of the Someday, a Crown days after working under him.

Watanabe thus came to experience both prosperous and diffi cult times for the Crown.

With his era, the Crown entered a period of transformation.

In the 2000s, Toyota accelerated its advanc es overseas, pursuing greater scale in sales and production.

This gradually led to prioritizing models and markets that promised larger sales and profits.

With Crown sales in steady decline, there was growing concern that the model’s end might be near.

This sparked a sense of crisis that drove the development of the 12th generation Crown, launched in 2003.

Mitsuhisa Kato, who headed development, said at the time, There’s no way I’m going to let the Crown end on my watch.

With this determination, Kato took on the challenge of rebuilding the Crown.

He redeveloped the platform and engine from scratch to achieve world class driving performance.

Right around that time, I had just started driving training under my mentor, Hiromu Naruse.

I still remember experiencing firsthand the driving performance of the Zero Crown.

The Zero Crown indicated a new direction a Crown with advanced driving performance.

In 2008, the global financial crisis struck, and I was appointed president after the Company plunged into the red.

Despite the difficulties facing Toyota, we persisted in striv ing to transform the Crown.

Let’s make a car that attracts people at first glance To do that, you can change whatever you want.

That’s how I encouraged the devel opment team to redesign the Crown.

We transformed the vehicle styling, renewed the vehicle platform, and honed the driving perfor mance at the N rburgring.

By doing so, we created the 14th generation Reborn Crown and the 15th generation Connected Crown.

Over the past 20 years, we have explored Crown’s evolution while facing the challenge of the changing times.

Then came the time to develop the 16th genera tion.

To draw a comparison with Japanese histo ry, Japan’s final feudal dynasty happened to end after 15 generations.

I was resolved to do what ever it took to create a new era for the Crown.

So, I asked the development team, Why don’t we go back to our origins and seriously think about the next Crown With that, development of the 16th generation got under way.

Taking these words to heart, the Crown team started revisiting the passion put into the Crown by past chief engineers.

Only when a customer gets behind the wheel of such a car will they say: This has got my attention.

This is what I want to drive.’ The chief engineer’s role is to offer cars like that to the world.

This is the origin of our chief engineer sys tem, and I believe it is also the origin of our continued efforts to make ever better cars.

Two years after they began, the Crown team has created a Crown for the coming era.

When I first saw this new Crown, I said This looks interesting.

And, when I got out of the car after driving it, I said, Now that is a Crown.

To us, it is similar in significance to when Japan welcomed the modern age about 150 years ago.

I’d like to tell the story of the new Crown’s development.

A little more than two years ago, we were working on a partial redesign of the 15th generation Crown.

I shared details of the project with President Toyoda, but he did not approve it, saying: Is this truly going to result in evolution Why don’t we start thinking more seriously Maybe we should skip a partial redesign.

Looking back, I believe those words marked the true beginning of the develop ment of the 16th generation Crown.

We started by revisiting the passions of succes sive chief engineers to thoroughly reexamine what the Crown was all about.

We realized anew that there were no fixed rules governing the shape of the car or its drive system.

The only common thread since the beginning was the engineers’ spirit of innovation and challenge.

This prompted us to understand how we had tied ourselves down with arbitrary rules over time.

At the time, I recalled the two messages President Toyoda had been repeating since taking office: Let’s make ever better cars, and let’s aim to be the best in town, not the best in the world.

I realized that the Crown is a long time seller because the past chief engineers con stantly challenged themselves to create an ever better Crown with a best in town focus to make customers happy.

This caused us to drastically change our approach.

We freed ourselves from set ways of thinking and started exploring a new Crown that would make customers happy.

That’s how the Crown Crossover’s development began.

President Toyoda gave us the green light when we showed him the vehicle’s shape and packaging.

He said: Why don’t we also think about a sedan Frankly, I couldn’t believe what I had just heard.

But, I thought it was because he saw our changes since deciding to skip a partial redesign.

We had a different mindset because we returned to the Crown’s origin, and he wanted us to apply that mindset to making a sedan version.

From there, we proposed four different models, thinking that we also needed a hatchback and a station wagon to meet diverse needs.

Let me once again introduce to you our four versions of the new Crown.

This Crown is the result of fusing a sedan and an SUV.

Its packaging allows for ease of entry and exit, provides an elevated viewpoint, and makes the vehicle easy to drive.

Its driving perfor mance, underpinned by a new hybrid sys tem, marks an evolutionary advance, making it a sedan like no other.

This Crown is a new form of sporty SUV, a spirited and creative car with easy to drive packaging that offers an agile and sporty driving experience.

As an orthodox sedan, this Crown was developed with a focus on a feeling of quality and comfort, as well as a new formal expression.

It is also well suited for use as a chauffeured vehicle.

This Crown, a highly func tional SUV, enables users to enjoy driving performance with power to spare as well as an active lifestyle in a mature atmosphere.

The rear seats fold to form a completely flat cargo area, making this model a cross between a station wagon and an SUV.

These four models are united under the Crown name.

Starting with the launch of the Crown Crossover, we will roll them out in succession over the next year and a half.

Developing these four models at the same time was no easy task.

What made it possi ble were Toyota’s in house company system and the TNGA.

We couldn’t have presented the new Crown today without them.

The first element, the in house company system, was introduced in 2016.

Each in house company’s members feel strongly attached to and place the highest priority on the cars they are in charge of.

Each company’s mission is to make decisions and act on their own initiative.

At the Mid size Vehicle Company, we were able to put the Crown first and foremost.

And, as president, I was able to execute the project based on my responsibility and judg ment.

We had to review our previous development process, thoroughly eliminate waste, and secure resources.

In 2012, in pursuit of making ever better cars, we kicked off the TNGA initiative to drastically improve basic vehicle performance through the integrated development of innovative vehicle platforms and powertrains.

Over the past ten years, the TNGA has matured and evolved, enabling us to turn the Crown into a series.

TNGA based platforms have enhanced basic vehicle performance, includ ing styling that entices people at first glance, as well as drive and ride quality that makes people want to keep on enjoying it.

The Crown Sport, for example, offers a stylish appearance along with interior comfort and usability thanks to a new dedicated platform and larger diameter tires.

TNGA powertrains, with an emphasis on direct and smooth performance, have achieved both excellent driving performance and fuel efficiency while helping lower vehi cles’ center of gravity.

For exam ple, in the Crown Crossover, the engine and front electric motor are directly connected, and the rear wheels have a dedicated large electric motor, achieving powerful driving with a total output of 350 horsepower and a robust 550 newton meters of torque.

This model also employs a new hybrid system that uses precise four wheel drive control of vehicle posture.

The Crown has long served as the flag ship of the Toyota brand.

We will put all of our energy into simultaneously developing these Crown models by applying to the full est our in house company system and TNGA, building flagship quality vehicles for our customers.

To conclude the presentation, President Toyoda spoke about what it means to him to bring a car that represents Toyota and Japan to the world.

I believe that the philosophy of producing hap piness for all has always been at the core of the Crown.

This flagship vehicle has repre sented Japanese success and pride, joining together Japan’s world class technology and skilled workforce.

The new Crown is full of these underlying strengths.

That is why, with this series, we will once again take on the world.

The new Crown will be available in approximately 40 countries and regions, with an expected annual sales volume of some 200,000 units.

Nothing would make me happier than if we could help restore vitality to Japan by making the Crown a Japanese car loved round the world.

I sincerely want the world to know what Japan’s Crown is all about.

In closing, let me say a few words to customers around the world.

I’m so excited to announce today that this new Crown family of vehicles will be offered not just in Japan, but globally, for the very first time.

We hope to create a new story for Japan’s Crown with all of you.

Recently, President Akio Toyoda has often been adding from a starting point in motorsports when using the phrase ever better car making.

He spoke about the idea behind this at the press conference announcing the 2022 TOYOTA GAZOO Racing drivers and management members.

In 1952, shortly before his death, Toyota founder Kiichiro Toyoda wrote the following.

The Japanese automobile production industry must master the art of manufac turing passenger vehicles.

In order to test the durability and performance of their cars, companies ought to participate in auto races, demonstrate the full perfor mance of their vehicles, and compete for superiority.

This will both lead to progress in their vehicles and spark the enthusiasm of automobile fans.

Such races must not be regarded as a simple matter of curiosi ty, for they are indispensable to the devel opment of Japan’s automobile manufacturing industry.

I think that these words provide the core principle of ever better car making from a starting point in motorsports.

There were two cars that led me to this core principle.

I rode in the first of these cars with racer Kamui Kobayashi at Gamagori four months before entering the Super Taikyu 24 hour race.

It was while I was in the car that I made up my mind to enter the race.

Although four months was hardly enough time for the engineers to prepare, I safely finished the 24 hour race as well as three subsequent races.

For each race, they continued to improve the car, mak ing it stronger and faster.

We made this car for a specific purpose: to win the World Rally Championship.

Until now, Toyota has made its race cars by modifying its mass production cars.

The GR Yaris is our attempt to flip this approach by designing a race car from the ground up.

From the initial stages of development, we reached out to professional drivers to have them drive the car.

When problems came to light during their drives, they were fixed, and then we had them drive the car again.

Development progressed nimbly, and the car evolved into one that is fun to drive.

As Morizo (my driver name), I part nered with this car on the Gamagori dirt course for training to hone my driving skills.

Drive it, break it, fix it, strengthen it, drive it again, and break it again.

By repeating this process, the engineers not only advanced the car’s development, they also changed them selves.

I think that they came to understand Kiichiro’s words not just intellectually, but in a deeper, visceral way.

Come to think of it, it has been 14 years since Hiromu Naruse and I drove used Altezzas in the 24 Hours of N rburgring endurance race.

Racing on the streets toughens people up and makes cars stron ger.

I want to enable Toyota to make cars that way again.

That may be what I have been working toward all along.

In 2009, when I became president, I implored our employees to make ever better cars.

Since then, I often get asked what kind of cars are ever better cars.

I have a certain idea of what makes a bet ter car.

It’s not necessarily the same as someone else’s idea of a better car.

It is for this reason that cars can only be made in the streets and not at a desk.

However, back in 2009, not many people understood what I meant by this.

It’s not enough to simply tell someone that the streets make the car.

That’s why I continued to take part in the 24 Hours of N rburgring endurance race.

The streets make cars and toughen people up became something of a catchphrase.

However, changes in car making do not happen so fast.

On the front lines, each department was focused on its own specialized area of car making, and they were not handling the over arching car making process as a united team.

It was the year after the car driven by Kazuki Nakajima, which was in the lead, suffered a mechanical failure just before the finish line.

When I dropped into the pit, the drivers talked with me.

In a qualifying race, Kamui Kobayashi had seized pole position with an astounding time.

It made me want to get closer to the drivers and race alongside them.

That year, only Kazuki’s car finished the race, with the team coming in 8th overall, and 2nd in its class.

The other two cars had to be retired from the race.

The difference between first and second place podium was a height of about 70 cen timeters.

I thought, is this frustration this second place podium the highest we can reach I desperately wanted to help the drivers stand at the top.

I wanted to prove that Toyota could make the kind of strong car that they would want to drive.

I swore to myself, standing on that podium one level down, that we would change Toyota to be capable of the kind of car making needed to achieve that, no matter what.

That year, we took on another new chal lenge: The World Rally Championship, or WRC.

We entrusted the task of putting together a team from scratch to Tommi M kinen.

A legend himself, having won the WRC four times, he knew how to win.

However, that was not the only reason I asked for his help.

There were many things I wanted to learn from him, with his knowl edge of a wide range of cars, including those of Mitsubishi and Subaru.

We made only one promise to each other: to make the Yaris at the end of the season the strongest Yaris ever.

Our current team principal, Jari Matti Latvala, was a star driver for other teams before Toyota returned to the WRC.

He was such a star, in fact, that I waited in the hotel lobby for him to come out when I first went to watch the WRC.

Since then, he has helped secure numerous victories as a Toyota driver, and this season, as team principal, became a triple crown holder.

Over the past five years, Latvala has, without a doubt, constantly helped make the Yaris stronger as both a driver and prin cipal.

For next year’s WRC, to which Toyota will bring a new car, I am sure he will assemble a team of professionals that is like a close family and hates to lose.

Recently, I have been deliberately adding from a starting point in motorsports to the phrase ever better car making.

For 12 years, people have told us that there’s no way that Toyota can realize this kind of car making.

Now, however, Toyota has finally changed, realizing a kind of car making in which not only its engineers and mechanics, but its professional drivers, pro fessional engineers, and professional mechanics all work together, as a team, to advance car making.

Now that this team has come together, we have at last reached the point where we can begin ever better car making from a starting point in motorsports.

Motorsports are a starting point for ever better car.

We will leverage motorsports to make ever better cars, from the top categories driven by professional drivers, to customer motorsports driven by amateur racing driv ers, the sports cars driven by our many cus tomers, and even down family cars, and beyond that, automated driving.

As for myself, what I know is that I love cars, and I love driving.

I am very fortunate to now have others who love cars, love driving, and are passionate about motorsports working alongside me.

Toyota, Fuji International Speedway Co., Ltd., and TOYOTA FUDOSAN CO., LTD. are promoting the Fuji Motorsports Forest ( Forest ) project in Oyama, Shizuoka Prefecture.

Forest aims to be a playground and social gathering place for all ages where people can enrich their lives and enjoy learning about and participating in the world of mobility and motorsports.

The facilities in the area will offer a variety of experiences for everyone from adults to children, creating a Mobility and Motorsports City of the Future.

Centered around the Fuji International Speedway circuit, Forest will consist of var ious facilities where visitors can enjoy motorsports culture, such as the Fuji Speedway Hotel, which offers a luxury  experience the Fuji Motorsports Museum,  which exhibits historic racing cars symbol  izing from across the decades and garag  es of Japan’s leading racing teams.

There  are also spas and restaurants for the enjoy 22 ment of all visitors.

May 3, 1966 marked the final race of the first Japanese Grand Prix ever held at Fuji Speedway.

That day, 56 years ago, was also my 10th birthday, and my father took me to the Fuji Speedway Paddock.

I remember the roar of the engines and cheering of the fans it was a very excit ing birthday present.

The old guys in front of the cars all looked very serious but also seemed to be enjoying them selves.

I think that formative experiences like that one helped me grow up into Morizo, an old guy who loves cars.

I want to share this kind of formative experience with the kids of today.

We want it to be a place where people who work in the field of motor sports can do so more energetically.

We want racing teams to gather here with that same motivation in mind.

If I listed all the motivations behind Forest, it would be endless.

We will turn this area in Fuji into a place that those who enjoy motorsports, those who work in motorsports, adults and children, will want to come to.

Motorsports are critical for the develop ment of the automobile industry.

For this reason, we will sow the seeds of the future of motorsports at Fuji.

The speed at which they grow may differ, but we will nurture these seeds to grow into an incredible for est that many people can enjoy.

Toyota Strengthens BEV Lineup to Keep Offering Options for Everyone (Full Text of President Toyoda’s Presentation) our mission as a global company.

For that challenge, we need to reduce CO2 emissions as much as possible, as soon as possible.

We are living in a diversified world and in an era in which it is hard to predict the future.

Therefore, it is difficult to make every one happy with a one size fits all option.

That is why Toyota wants to prepare as many options as possible for our customers around the world.

We believe that all electrified vehicles can be divided into two categories, depending on the energy that they use.

If the energy that powers vehicles is not clean, the use of an electrified vehicle, no matter what type it might be, would not result in zero CO2 emissions.

The other category is that of carbon neutral vehicles.

Vehicles in this category run on clean energy and achieve zero CO2 emis sions across the whole process of their use.

We at Toyota will do our utmost to realize such vehicles.

Our goal is not merely to reduce CO2 emissions and other negative impacts to zero.

Our goal goes beyond that, to freedom of movement and fun to drive for all.

For the bZ series, we developed a dedicated platform for BEVs to meet the diverse needs of the global market.

We will not only add BEV options to existing vehicle models but will also offer a full lineup of reasonably priced mass production models, such as the bZ series, to meet the needs of all kinds of customers.

By doing so, we hope to deliver to custom ers around the world unique and beautiful styling, the fun to drive aspects of BEVs, and the experience of a life with BEVs.

Toyota is a global company supported by customers around the world.

The Toyota brand now offers more than 100 models of engine only vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, plug in hybrid electric vehicles, and fuel cell electric vehicles in more than 170 countries and regions.

The Lexus brand has introduced more than 30 models of engine only vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, and plug in hybrid electric vehicles in more than 90 countries and regions.

Furthermore, we will expand the options for carbon neutral vehicles by offering a full lineup of BEVs.

Specifically, we plan to roll out 30 BEV models by 2030, globally offering a full lineup of BEVs in the passenger and commer cial segments.

We aim to achieve global sales of 3.5 million BEVs per year by 2030.

By 2030, Lexus aims to realize a full lineup of BEVs in all vehicle categories and to have BEVs account for 100 percent of its vehicle sales in Europe, North America, and China, for total sales of 1 million units globally.

And, it aims for BEVs to make up 100 percent of its global vehicles sales in 2035.

On December 14, 2021, Toyota held a briefing on its battery electric vehicle (BEV) strategy.

Toyota announced at the briefing that it is boosting its plans for BEV sales in 2030 from 2 million to 3.5 million units and that Lexus is aiming for BEVs to account for 100 percent of its sales in Europe, North America, and China by the same year, followed by BEVs accounting for 100 per cent of its sales globally starting in 2035.

These ambitious figures and the array of planned for launch BEVs on the stage at the briefing led some observers to suggest that Toyota, which had been viewed by some as not having a positive position on BEVs, had changed its policy and shifted to focusing on BEVs.

Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi N RAK PHOTO AGENCY options.

He also shared his sentiments regarding the people of the automotive industry.

Today, I would like to talk about Toyota’s strategy for achieving carbon neutrality par ticularly our strategy for battery electric vehi cles (BEVs), which represent one of the most promising options.

I believe that achieving carbon neutrality means realizing a world in which all people living on this planet continue to live happily.

To achieve these goals, we have invested in various areas for a long time.

To achieve these goals, we have invested in various areas for a long time.

Toyota launched the Prius, the world’s first mass production hybrid electric vehicle.

But, in fact, our development of BEVs had started well before that.

In 1992, we established the Electric Vehicle Development Division, and we introduced the RAV4 EV to the market in 1996.

After that, in the 2000s, we demonstrated our small prototype commuter EV e com in various places.

Furthermore, in 2012, we introduced the COMS, an ultra compact EV, and the compact eQ EV.

Thus, we have long explored the potential of BEVs.

We launched the C pod and C walk this year and have accelerated the development of BEVs, including the e Palette, that provide people with freedom of movement in various scenes.

At the same time that we started the develop ment of BEVs in the early 1990s, we also began the development of fuel cell electric vehicles, which run on hydrogen.

In 2002, we introduced the Toyota FCHV to the market and went through various demonstrations.

In 2008, the vehicle was redesigned into the Toyota FCHV adv.

Based on such long term efforts, in 2014, the first generation Mirai was finally launched.

Since then, using these technologies to power other vehicles, such as buses and large trucks, our fuel cell electric vehicles have also contin ued to evolve.

In the area of batteries, Toyota has contin ued to research, develop, and produce batter ies in house for many years.

In 1996, we established what is today Prime Earth EV Energy.

While refining our technologies related to nickel metal hydride batteries, we started accelerating the devel opment of lithium ion batteries in 2003.

Furthermore, since establishing our Battery Research Division in 2008, we have been advancing research on solid state batteries and other next generation batteries.

Last year, we established Prime Planet Energy Solutions to accelerate integrated efforts in the battery business.

Over the past 26 years, we have invested nearly 1 trillion yen and produced more than 19 million batteries.

We believe that our accumulated experience is an asset that gives us a competitive edge.

Going forward, we will increase our new investment in batteries from the 1.5 trillion yen announced in September 2021 to 2 trillion yen, aiming to realize even more advanced, high quality, and affordable batteries.

When it comes to natural resources, Toyota Tsusho began conducting lithium and other surveys as early as 2006 and has been work ing to secure stable sources.

And, in the area of energy, Toyota Tsusho has been working to secure renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar power gener ation, for more than 30 years.

Furthermore, at manufacturing plants, we are aiming to achieve carbon neutrality by 2035 by continuously making steady improve ments toward reducing energy use and by expanding the use of innovative production engineering technology.

In this diversified and uncharted era, it is important to flexibly change the type and quantity of products produced while keeping an eye on market trends.

We believe that the reduction in lead times and use of high mix, low volume production methods that we have cultivated through the Toyota Production System, along with the steady efforts of Japanese manufacturing, will enable us to be competitive going forward.

We will continue to advance initiatives in all areas together with our many partners.

Energy plays a critical role in achieving carbon neutrality.

At present, the energy situation varies greatly from region to region.

That is exactly why Toyota is committed to providing a diversified range of carbon neutral options to meet whatever the needs and situations might be in every country and region.

It is not us but local markets and our cus tomers who decide which options to choose.

As for why we try to keep so many options open, in terms of business management, one might think it would be more efficient to focus on fewer choices.

However, we believe that being able to quickly adapt to changes in the future is more important than trying to predict the future, which is uncertain.

That is why we want to keep options available for our custom ers until the right path is clear.

We at Toyota aim to be a company that contributes to the global environment, seeks to bring happiness to people, acts, and stays close to its customers.

To sum it up, we want to become a company that produces happi ness for all, for both individuals and society.

Woven City for the children of today and those who will come after them.

I believe that the future is to be created by all of us together.

Japan’s automotive industry is home to our 5.5 million colleagues who have supported Japanese manufacturing and mobility.

And, we have many more colleagues throughout the world.

If we all take action with unity of mind and with will and passion, we will be able to leave behind many smiling faces and a beautiful Earth for the next generation.

That is what I believe and that is what we will achieve.

United States toward supplying automotive batteries for BEVs, aiming to begin battery production between 2024 and 2026.

At a Q A session with the media after his presenta tion, President Akio Toyoda talked about his ideas.

Akio We have made the utmost efforts toward achieving carbon neutrality, and we will contin ue to do so going forward.

Toyota is a global company with a full lineup of products.

We have seen changes in the energy situation in each country, and the way customers use vehicles is diversifying.

It is the customers, not we at Toyota, who choose which options to use.

So, no solution will come from our decision alone.

What we will do is have a wider range of available options, and make serious efforts across our full lineup of options.

We want to be prepared to meet customer and market expectations and preferences more quickly, and more flexibly.

In this way, I believe that we will be able to enhance our competitiveness, and that is how we will be able to survive.

Just because I drive a hydrogen powered vehicle, it does not mean that I am prioritizing it over others.

All of our employees, suppliers, affiliated companies, and the 5.5 million people work ing in the automobile industry, have made serious efforts in Japan toward achieving carbon neutrality.

Toyota does business worldwide, and our full lineup of products is key to our global operations.

I hope you see that we are putting our all into this approach.

Toyota vehicles are used all over the world to fill various needs, not just for one particular market or one specific need.

Akio With a baseline toward 2035, we want to increase our carbon neutral vehicle offerings as much as possible.

However, the energy situations in individual countries are having a big impact on the path to carbon neutrality.

I hope you understand that this is something Toyota cannot control.

If no sufficient clean energy and charging infrastructure exists in a market, expanding our BEVs and limiting options will result in inconve niencing customers.

When we look at the global market, it is a diversified market that we are dealing with, and that is what Toyota does.

Diverse solutions are necessary in diverse situations.

Also, the best solution for the average person will not neces sarily be the best solution for everyone.

Therefore, as we are in uncharted territory with lots of uncertainty about the future, we want to take a diversified approach.

That is why we have worked hard to maintain our full lineup.

We will take on this challenge together with our suppliers, affiliated companies, and partners.

Your suppliers are closely watching this announcement, since some of them could face major impacts.

Akio First of all, it is the market and customers who decide which carbon neutral options to choose.

The numbers related to carbon neutrality that we have heard so far are goals for 2040 or 2050.

We don’t want to be a company that sets an appealing target but doesn’t bother trying to achieve it once the announcement is done.

What we are announcing today is a bit more in the near term.

Many of the cars that you are looking at right now will be launched on the market very soon.

Looking at the run up to 2030, what we presented today will be a good tool to start discussions and take action with various stakeholders while leaving room to imagine more what the next eight years will be like.

By presenting a guideline in the product planning area, we will be able to examine the potential impact on our suppliers or our pro duction plants.

The automotive industry accounts for 75% of the components procured from suppliers and there are tier one, tier two and tier three suppli ers supporting the industry.

Even if we empha size the importance of keeping many options available, any shift toward carbon neutrality can be a critical issue for suppliers who have until now produced only engine related parts.

We can’t just tell these suppliers that we have no use for them anymore because that’s what the market chose.

I would like to evolve the automotive industry such that the people and companies who have been pursuing existing businesses for decades will not feel that their efforts were in vain, and we will continue to show respect for their mean ingful work.

The future is not determined by the goals presented by leaders, but by purposeful passion and action.

Looking toward the goal for carbon neutrality in 2050, what the future looks like in 2050 will change depending on how we act in the next few years, five years, and ten years, and we want to make the change happen.

The future will not suddenly emerge from the present rather, the future will be created by the accumulation of present moments as they become the past.

We hope that you will allow us to leave many options open in this process.

It is not true that we are not fully committed because our goal is not 100% BEVs.

We hope you will understand that we would very much like to continue our work in this industry.

An environmental group put Toyota at the bottom of the climate action rankings.

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality Commercial Sector Initiatives new models to come, I have to ask, what exactly are we supposed to do to improve our evaluation Vehicles are for individual customers.

It’s not a percentage business, so it’s the absolute numbers that we want them to look at when evaluating.

No matter how many vehicles we sell, we will make and deliver them to customers one by one, without compromise.

Whatever powertrain they use, or whatever type of BEV they may be, Toyota and Lexus vehicles should continue to offer the value of fun to drive.

We will continue to make products with that unique Toyota and Lexus character that makes customers happy.

We will continue to take proactive action for carbon neutrality.

In a world where there is no one right answer, we are committed to solving problems with a wide variety of options.

We hope you understand that we are working really hard on every option.

President Toyoda stressed the importance of Toyota’s multi solution strategy while strength ening BEVs.

This represents not only Toyota’s way of fighting for the future, but also its history of listening to customers and responding to their needs.

In other words, it is the result of Toyota’s commitment to diversity.

Toyota is now moving with all its power toward carbon neutrality while leaving no one in the industry behind, and without giving up on any technology that still has potential.

This strong will to leave no one behind has been, and will continue to be, at the center of Toyota’s full lineup strategy.

During the question and answer session, there was a moment in which President Akio Toyoda revealed his candid thoughts.

I was quite surprised with today’s an nouncement, but what I want to know more about are President Toyoda’s true feelings about BEVs. Personally, President Toyoda, do you like BEVs or not If it’s difficult to respond as the president of the company, you can respond as driver Morizo.

Akio If I have to answer, honestly, in the past I was not interested in Toyota’s BEVs, but I am getting interested in the BEVs that we are now developing for the future.

After improving my driving skills, I test drove a battery electric Toyota 86 for the first time here at MEGA WEB.

The comment that I gave after my test drive was that Yep, it’s an electric vehicle.

We have the Lexus brand and the Toyota brand, and we are an OEM pursuing distinc tiveness in each brand.

But when it comes to BEVs, the car tends to become more like a commodity.

I’m a master driver, and in the training I went through back in the day, I always drove an FR vehicle.

But, I now participate in rally races and the Super Taikyu races.

In these motorsports, I drive four wheel drive vehicles as well.

My sensibility as a master driver has changed with these vehicles.

I now think that electric motors have higher efficiency than gasoline only powered vehicles.

If we have a good four wheel drive platform, it can be come an FF vehicle or an FR vehicle through control technology.

So, with that kind of control technology, I think Morizo will be able to drive fast and safely on any circuit or rally course.

Nori san (rally driver Norihiko Katsuta) has won the All Japan Rally Championship this year.

The professional drivers of ROOKIE Racing are very active in various motorsports circuits.

Seeing these achievements, I have growing expectations that the driving skills of these professional drivers will be reflected in our vehicles to make them safer and more fun to drive.

At the same time, this platform has enabled us to make vehicles that allow amateur drivers like me to enjoy driving on various roads, however rough, whether it’s a mountainous road or snowy road or whatever.

Control technology plays a key role there, but it alone can’t push major improvements.

If we try to create driving flavor only through control technology, it’s like trying to dress up overcooked noodles by adding crispy tempura.

Woven City improvements in the vehicles’ basic frame, chassis, and body rigidity under the banner of let’s make ever better cars.

We also opened the Shimoyama proving ground, and we are now testing and developing cars under tough conditions there.

With this environment, I think we are now at a point where we can develop safer and faster vehicles with more fun to drive aspects.

I look forward to developing such cars, including BEVs, moving forward.

That’s why it’s not just a business matter anymore.

As driver Morizo, I have strong expectations for and a desire to give my feedback to our development, such as mak ing this kind of car would be fun or as an automaker we want to create autonomous driving that is unique, even in an era of autono mous driving.

We will continue to make serious efforts in BEVs and other powertrains, such as fuel cell electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, and gasoline only vehicles that make exciting sounds.

I’m still quite serious about them as Morizo and as the president of Toyota.

We’re working with our colleagues and partners very seriously in all of these fields.

We want to provide customers with vehicles that can make them happy.

This comment could only come from Akio, who takes the wheel himself and is responsible for the driving feel of Toyota vehicles as Master Driver Morizo.

We will continue to make ever better cars with BEVs this might be the very message that he wanted to convey the most to car enthusiasts.

In addition to promoting a full lineup of electrified vehicles, we have been developing and manufac turing a full lineup of batteries.

These develop ment efforts are organized by type of electrified vehicle.

For HEVs, our focus is on power output, or instantaneous power, while for PHEVs and BEVs, our focus is on capacity, what we might call endurance.

As for batteries for HEVs, we have been continu ously upgrading nickel metal hydride batteries and lithium ion batteries, taking advantage of their respective characteristics.

In particular, we took on the challenge of developing a bipolar nickel metal hydride battery for the Aqua, which underwent a full scale redesign completed in July 2021.

Thanks to our efforts, we are the first in the world to commercialize this type of onboard battery for driving.

Compared with the batteries used in the previous generation of the Aqua, the output density has been doubled, giving the car powerful acceler ation.

We are currently engaged in development aimed at creating more advanced lithium ion batteries by the second half of the 2020s.

What Is Carbon Neutrality In the case of industrial products, carbon neutrality means reducing CO2 emissions to net zero throughout the product life cycle, from the procurement of raw materials, manufac turing, and transportation through to use, recycling, and disposal.

To develop batteries that our customers can use with peace of mind, we focus on producing products that optimally balance five factors: safety, long service life, high level quality, good yet affordable, and outstanding performance.

For example, a longer service life affects a vehicle’s residual value.

In terms of cruising range, outstanding performance based on high energy density is crucial.

On the other hand, over emphasis on charging speed may increase the danger of overheating or even fire and thus decrease battery safety.

This concept has remained unchanged since batteries were installed in the first generation Prius, and it applies to all the batteries in all of our electrified vehicles.

Toyota is committed to balancing the five factors, as too much emphasis on one could be detrimental to the others.

That is why we believe that the integrated development of batteries and vehicles is essential.

How batteries are used depends on how the vehicles in which they are installed are used.

The environments in which vehicles are operat ed differ according to each vehicle’s mode of use as a taxi or for commuting, for example as well as geographic location.

These factors will affect such conditions as charging frequen cy and battery temperature.

Accordingly, we carry out mock driving tests that assume a diverse range of vehicle usage modes in order to obtain data on actual operating environments and provide feedback to inform the evaluation and design of batteries.

To determine the balancing point of the five factors discussed above, it is necessary to obtain driving data that includes driving condi tions and usage environments, find out what the conditions would be like if batteries were used instead, and repeatedly verify what is happening inside the batteries.

Such steady and earnest efforts for both batteries and vehicles are the secret behind Toyota’s advantages.

Here, we introduce three examples of the effort required to produce batteries that can be used safely, using lithium ion batteries as the focus of our explanation.

It is known that each battery cell shows signs of localized abnormal heat generation during spirited driving or other driving that places a large load on the battery.

By analyzing the phenomena occur ring inside the battery and conducting a vast number of model experiments, we have been able to clarify the effect of driving style on the battery, as well as the mechanism of this effect.

Based on the results, we have been able to detect signs of abnormal local heating of cells through multiple monitoring of voltage, current, and temperature of individual cells, blocks of cells, and the entire battery pack.

The battery is then controlled to prevent abnormal heat generation.

We adhere to our concept of ensuring safety, security, and reliability right down to the local areas within each battery when it comes to BEV systems.

The second example is our commitment to long service life.

We have applied the technologies that we have cultivated through the development of batteries for HEVs to PHEVs, and the batteries in the C HR BEV have a much higher capacity retention rate after 10 years than the batteries hitherto used in our PHEVs.

The battery in the Toyota bZ4X, which was launched in 2022, was developed targeting world class capacity reten tion of 90 percent after 10 years.

Estimated value is calculated assuming average usage set by Toyota using individual battery cells.

Actual battery capacity retention ratio when installed in a vehicle environment may vary depending on customer use conditions, usage environment, and driving methods.

Therefore, a 90% battery capacity retention ratio after 10 years is not guaranteed.

The third example has to do with our efforts to achieve high level quality.

If metallic foreign matter enters a battery during the manufacturing process and causes a direct electrical connection between the anode and cathode, the possibility of product failure increases.

Woven City clarify how that item may affect the battery.

Based on this analysis, we are extremely attentive to the size and shape of foreign matter, and we are manag ing processes in a way that is aimed at preventing the generation or entry of relevant foreign matter.

To popularize BEVs, we strive to reduce costs via the integrated development of vehicles and batter ies to provide BEVs at a reasonable price.

To start with, we aim to reduce the costs of batteries themselves by 30% or more by develop ing materials and structures.

Then, for the vehicle, we aim to improve power consumption, which is an indicator of the amount of electricity used per unit of distance, by 30%, starting with the Toyota bZ4X.

Improved power efficiency leads to reduced requirements for battery capacity, which will result in a cost reduction.

Through the integrated development of vehicles and batteries, we aim to reduce the battery cost per vehicle by 50% compared to the Toyota bZ4X in the second half of the 2020s.

In the near future, the energy density of conven tional lithium ion batteries per unit of weight is expected to peak.

Accordingly, vigorous efforts are now under way to develop next generation lithium ion batteries, aiming to achieve longer service life, greater energy density, more compact size, and lower costs.

At Toyota, we push ahead with the development of such batteries by em ploying the following three approaches.

For liquid batteries, which use a liquid electro lyte, we are taking on the challenge of realizing material evolution and structural innovation.

In addition to these two approaches, we are aiming to commercialize all solid state batteries that employ a solid electrolyte instead of a liquid electrolyte.

As such, our wide ranging development efforts are aimed at creating three types of batteries.

By the second half of the 2020s, we hope to im prove the characteristics of each type so that we can provide batteries that can be used with peace of mind.

With regard to all solid state batteries, we promote development aimed at achieving higher output, longer cruising range, and shorter charging times.

In June 2020, we built a vehicle equipped with all solid state batteries and con ducted test runs on a test course to obtain driving data.

Based on that data, we continued to make improvements, and in August 2020, we obtained license plate registration for vehicles equipped with all solid state batteries and conducted test drives on actual roads.

In the course of development, we discovered that the fast movement of ions within all solid state batteries could enable them to achieve higher output.

On the other hand, we found that these batteries tend to deteriorate faster due to the formation of gaps within the solid electrolyte, posing an issue of shorter service life.

Therefore, continued development of the solid electrolyte materials themselves is needed.

We will start the introduction of all solid state batteries in HEVs, as these vehicles require high output and we have a wealth of accumulated know how regarding these vehicles.

We will release these batteries to the market as soon as possible in order to gain customer feedback and continue to improve them.

With the rapid expansion of EV usage, we are working to build a flexible system that can stably supply the required volume of batteries at the required time while meeting the needs of various customers around the world.

To this end, we will establish the necessary technologies by conducting a certain amount of in house production in the pursuit of our battery development concept of achieving batteries that can be used with peace of mind.

We will then cooperate and collaborate with partners who understand and will put this concept into practice.

We will also proceed with discussions with new partners in some regions.

Our approach to production within the Group can be described as starting up using small basic units.

This approach draws on lessons learned from the global financial crisis.

It is difficult to notice latent risks when production is growing.

Because of this, we have to take a risk controlled approach to growth based on Toyota’s philosophy of making only what is needed, when it is need ed, and only in the amount needed.

Development of low cost materials: Cobalt free, nickel free, and new electrode materials.

Manufacturing process innovation: New development of battery manufacturing processes and battery material processes.

New structure: Integrated structure of battery cells and packs to match the vehicle.

Evolution of battery control model: Fuller use of battery capacity with a focus on safety, security, and long service life.

Achieve the following by utilizing and developing technologies cultivated through the production of electrified vehicles: Reduction of vehicle driving resistance to suit electrified vehicles Further expansion of energy regeneration Optimal energy thermal management of entire vehicle and components Optimally efficient design and control of entire powertrain system.

Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality Commercial Sector Initiatives batteries will start with batteries for HEVs, which we have been developing for years and require a small battery volume, rather than building a massive production line for batteries for BEVs, which require a larger volume of batteries.

This will not only enable us to accelerate the release of the products but also position us to better focus on improving manufacturing technologies.

Moreover, Toyota’s strategy of starting up using small basic units is also meant to enable the Company to swiftly respond to the ever changing stages of the product cycle, in which new technologies arrive as the manufacturing costs for older models come down and stabilize.

Since the introduction of the first generation Prius in 1997, Toyota has introduced PHEVs, FCEVs, and BEVs while continuing to improve their perfor mance.

Our more than 20 years of producing HEVs have resulted in cumulative sales reaching 19.8 million units as of March 2022.

According to a Toyota estimate, the CO2 emis sions reduction effect of three HEVs is equivalent to the reduction effect of one BEV. Accordingly, Toyota’s HEVs sold to date achieve a CO2 reduc tion effect equivalent to about 6.0 million BEVs. The volume of batteries for HEVs that we have pro duced thus far is the same as that of the batteries for about 280,000 BEVs. In other words, we can say that the batteries needed for 280,000 BEVs have been used to achieve the CO2 emissions reduction effect of 6.0 million BEVs.

In the field of fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs), we released the completely redesigned Mirai in December 2020.

Premised on the use of an FCEV system, the second generation Mirai was devel oped with the goal of delivering a futuristic premi um car that would be genuinely appreciated and sought after by our customers.

Specifically, we strove to deliver a vehicle that could win drivers’ hearts during and after driving, if not from the moment they first catch sight of it.

Moreover, Toyota aims to become a fuel cell (FC) system supplier supporting the realization of a hydrogen powered society.

In line with this aim, we provide a variety of business operators with a compact FC system module package that we have developed.

This package consists of FC stacks for the second generation Mirai, which boast higher performance, as well as air supply, hydrogen supply, cooling, power control, and other FC system related parts.

In North America, we have unveiled a new prototype for an FC commercial heavy duty truck that uses the second generation FC system installed on the new Mirai.

This truck boasts considerably improved performance, including more powerful acceleration and flexible driving response.

Furthermore, having attained a maxi mum loaded weight of 80,000 pounds (approxi mately 36 tons) and a cruising range of 300 miles (more than 480 kilometers), the truck is designed to accommodate a wide range of commercial truck needs.

We will conduct the verification testing of this new FC truck in actual cargo transport operations.

To achieving carbon neutrality, we are also considering a revolutionary approach expected to drastically curb CO2 emissions through the combination of such carbon neutral fuels as biofuel and e Fuel made from hydrogen with high efficiency engine and motor technologies.

Not only is the above approach practicable via the use of existing infrastructure, it could help us reduce CO2 emissions from all types of vehicles currently in use.

For example, when gasoline vehicles are fed gasoline mixed with a certain amount of e Fuel, their CO2 emissions decline to a level on par with emissions from HEVs.

The mix of e Fuel in gaso line will similarly curb the CO2 emissions from HEVs to a level on par with PHEVs, and emissions from PHEVs to closer to the level of BEVs.

Toyota is applying its FC technologies for maritime applications and provides them to Energy Observer Developments (EODev).

Headquartered in France, EODev is a com pany that conducts research on renewable energy.

By conducting trials in demanding marine environments that vary by location, EODev continues to probe the possibilities of renewable energy.

In February 2020, EODev’s ship Energy Observer carried out testing of a Toyota FC system at sea.

In October 2020, we announced the use of Toyota FC modules on a pleasure boat, as well.

June 2022 marked a year since the racing debut of a hydrogen engine developed by Toyota.

Hydrogen engines work like modified versions of conventional gasoline engines, powered by burning hydrogen directly as fuel.

The fuel is 100% pure hydrogen, unmixed with gasoline.

As no fossil fuels are burned, hydrogen engine vehi cles emit almost no CO2 when in operation only that from the combustion of minute amounts of engine oil.

The hydrogen engine is thus one option that offers great potential to contribute to carbon neutrality while making use of technologies for internal combustion engines built up over the decades and protecting engine related jobs in the automotive industry.

In late 2020, after taking a test drive in a hydro gen engine prototype car, master driver Morizo (President Akio Toyoda) decided on the spot to enter a hydrogen engine car in Super Taikyu Series races.

The development of race vehicles is dramatically faster and more agile than that of mass production vehicles.

We decided that racing would provide the ideal environment for honing our hydrogen engines being developed with the goal of achieving carbon neutrality.

Looking at the overall route to the market release of a hydrogen engine car, we are currently a little less than halfway there.

The finish line is still far ahead, and there are still many issues to be figured out, but we are steadily moving forward.

Over the course of a year of racing with hydrogen engines, our hydrogen engine technologies and initiatives to use hydrogen have evolved.

At the same time, the number of like minded partners who have joined our efforts to produce, transport, and use hydrogen has expanded from eight at the starting line to 25 as of August 2022.

With regard to hydrogen production, the range of available energy sources for producing hydro gen has expanded to include solar power from Yamanashi Prefecture and Namie Town, Fukushima Prefecture geothermal energy from Obayashi Corporation lignite from Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd., Iwatani Corporation, and Electric Power Development Co., Ltd. (J Power) and sewage biogas from Fukuoka City.

To transport hydrogen, Commercial Japan Partnership Technologies Corporation has improved its FC light duty trucks, changing from a metal tank to a lightweight resin liner tank that can transport hydrogen at higher pressure, achieving an approximately four fold increase in the amount of hydrogen transported annually.

In addition, as a first step in procuring hydrogen from overseas, hydrogen transported by air to Japan by Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Iwatani Corporation, and J Power on a trial basis was used as fuel in Toyota’s hydrogen powered vehicles.

As for using hydrogen, we are working to improve cars and engines through agile develop ment in the demanding environment of motor sports.

Over a year of racing, our hydrogen engines have evolved significantly, increasing power output by 20% , torque by 30% , and cruising range by 20% , while hydrogen filling time has been reduced from approximately five minutes to 90 seconds.

We have also raced with a GR86 modified to use another, non hydrogen carbon neutral fuel.

The partners who joined us through racing in the Super Taikyu Series are now accelerating initiatives outside of racing to achieve carbon neutrality.

Our efforts to develop hydrogen engine cars are extending beyond Japan.

In August 2022, Morizo put a hydrogen engine car (a GR Yaris) through its paces in a demonstration run during the ninth round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Belgium.

This enabled us to highlight the potential of hydrogen as an option for achieving carbon neutrality in Europe.

We also plan to enter a hydrogen engine car in an endurance race in Thailand in December 2022.

Through our efforts to use hydrogen that began with hydrogen engine vehicles in the Super Taikyu Series races in Japan, and gradual growth in understanding of our asser tion that carbon is our enemy, not internal com bustion engines, hydrogen has come to be seen as an option for the future.

Going beyond national, regional, and industry borders, we will continue to push forward with our partners.

Manufacturing has long been the main driving force behind Japan’s industrial development.

However, we cannot take it for granted that Japan’s strength in manufacturing will last forever.

This strength, which has been nurtured over many decades, could be lost for good if we fail to hold on to it.

Japan is an earthquake prone country, and its manufacturing prowess has been refined by adversity.

In truth, Japan’s manufacturers have been made even stronger by overcoming one natural disaster after another.

When the Great East Japan Earthquake struck in 2011, our plants and equipment suffered grave damage due to the unprecedented scale of the disaster, and the restoration of their operations took a long time.

However, having gone through this trial, we have become even better at minimiz ing disaster damage through the emergency handling of equipment and immediate crisis response in other areas.

When the COVID 19 pandemic forced auto makers to suspend production in 2020, we voluntarily started to produce masks, face shields, and foot operated disinfectant application devic es.

We also employed our TPS (Toyota Production System) to assist in the production of such goods as medical gowns.

In sum, it was proven that our response to emergencies has become prompter and more proactive.

When a fire broke out at a semiconductor parts manufacturing plant in 2021 and forced it to halt production, we pulled together to support its restoration efforts.

With our teams in charge of parts procurement and equipment manufacturing demonstrating outstanding collaboration, the damaged equipment was reconstructed in two months.

We thus accomplished a difficult task that would otherwise require at least seven months.

Monozukuri (manufacturing) is about developing people.

It is not an exaggeration to say that Japan, which turns hardships into strengths, is an optimal place for manufacturing.

Toyota is currently taking on the challenge of creating a green factory on various fronts to realize a target of reducing the volume of CO2 emissions from its plants worldwide to zero, that is, achieving carbon neutrality, by 2035.

Our commitment to the above target was announced in June 2021.

We believe that striving for carbon neutrality presents an opportunity to fundamentally innovate manufacturing.

For example, we are engaged in technological development that makes full use of new ideas.

Painting and casting are the most carbon intensive automobile manufacturing processes.

Based on new ideas, we are taking on technologi cal development focused on decarbonizing the above two processes.

Conventional air spray technologies are designed to deposit paint over broad areas.

Moreover, with the air blown toward the target surface rebounding off it and scattering paint particles, only approximately 70% of the paint being sprayed successfully adheres to the target surface while the remaining 30% goes waste.

To eliminate such waste, our airless painting ma chines take advantage of the world’s first technol ogy that uses static electricity to cause fine paint particles to adhere to the target surface.

This technology enables us to achieve a coating adhesion efficiency of more than 95%.

Furthermore, having combined this technology with the innovative concept of a rotating paint ejection head, we have made it possible to create even finer paint particles with minimal variation in size, thereby achieving even higher painting quality.

In addition to curbing CO2 emissions from our manufacturing operations via the introduction of airless painting machines, we are also able to reduce the size of paint recovery equipment as the volume of waste paint is considerably smaller.

Thus, airless painting machines will help us achieve a significant reduction in the volume of CO2 emissions.

Also, in an effort to upgrade the press molding process for body panels, we are striving to make use of in mold coating technology in which paint is applied to body panel parts as they are shaped within the metal press molds.

The integration of press molding and painting into one process is an epoch making idea that could eliminate the conventional painting process.

Other new ideas include replacing paint with adhesive film, effectively eliminating the painting process.

Adhesive films can be customized to make them special, and they can also be replaced for fun.

Drawing on this idea, we intend to take on a new business in which we renovate used vehicles, make them look fantastic, and offer them to the users of the KINTO subscription service.

We wonder if some of our readers have heard of chahakobi dolls, tea serving dolls manufactured in the Edo period.

Such mechanical dolls, designed to carry cups of tea to guests and collect empty cups, perform combinations of simple fundamental movements (karakuri) and can be considered a precursor to robots.

The Japanese term karakuri generally refers to non powered mechanical automata operating through a combination of gears and shafts.

They can therefore be deemed the ultimate carbon neutral devices.

At Toyota’s Honsha Plant, we maintain a pro duction line called the TPS basic line.

This facility was built upon our predecessors’ wisdom as well as our ingenuity.

In fact, going back to the con cept of karakuri, we have created an automated line that does not use sensors or control devices.

The use of karakuri is intended to nurture human sensibilities and inform our development of equipment.

For example, because at each stage a karakuri mechanism must work properly for the next action to occur, such mechanisms make it easy to detect problems without relying on sensors.

At Toyota, we replace pallets containing produc tion parts via non powered operation, using this mechanism in combination with automated conveyance carts to achieve an unmanned process.

Toyota’s efforts to create a green factory are being promoted by collaboratively employing the latest technologies and the TPS.

At Toyota, transporting, itself, is considered wasteful.

The starting point is trying to not transport at all.

But, as that can often not be done, if something needs to be transported from point A to point B, we revise facility layouts to shorten the distance between the two locations while reducing the bulk of cargo and number of items per load.

We then develop an automated conveyance system covering only the remaining distance and carrying lightest possible loads.

In Woven City, a similar concept is utilized, in which above ground and underground roads are developed separately, with the latter used only by fully automated logistics vehicles for the purpose of goods distribution.

The second technology is automated inspection using AI.

There are many examples in the world of automated inspection of defective products using machine learning to reduce the need for human labor.

However, our goal is to use the vast amount of data we are collecting from this process to make essential improvements that will prevent defects from occurring in the first place.

The third technology has to do with digital transformation (DX) and IoT.

With regard to IoT, a technology that connects nearly everything to the internet, we have experienced setbacks despite our best efforts to become a forerunner in the rush toward IoT.

Although we raised the equipment utilization rate on production lines to 98% by pursuing continuous improvement and applying the TPS, there remains the problem of how to address the last 2%.

It is a real problem that can only be solved by the power of people.

Toyota believes that people should not be turned into machine keepers.

To get that final 2%, we aim to simplify equipment and create equipment that does not break down.

By combining this unique, human centered, Toyota thinking with DX and IoT, we hope to create the next generation of advanced production lines.

In 2019, we launched a vehicle production line that collaboratively employs the latest technologies and the TPS in Mexico (see the diagram below).

In the face of a forthcoming wave of new chal lenges, such as calls for carbon neutrality and the need for DX, we at Toyota stand with our fellow manufacturers around the world.

Working hand in hand with them, we will take on these challenges and become the best automaker in town in each region in which we operate.

When it comes to the manufacturing of cars, Toyota has a basic stance that has been handed down internally over the years: we stick to our principles and internalize important elements by attempting to first achieve them on our own.

We also continuously introduce improvements on the front lines to enhance our competitive advantage.

Since its founding, Toyota has been producing various production equipment in house as neces sary.

In the 1990s, we pursued the in house design of ECUs and established an electronics plant, a chip plant, and a battery plant.

These efforts eventually led to the commercialization of the Prius, the world’s first mass produced hybrid electric vehicle (HEV).

Toyota has always maintained a strong aware ness of the real world regardless of the era at hand, pursued our principles, and promoted internalization.

Amid this once in a century era defined by major CASE transformation, automobile manufacturing requires technological development in such new fields as electrification, automated driving, and connectivity.

Among these fields, software is becoming an important factor in determining product appeal.

Today’s cars are equipped with more than 50 electronic control units, or ECUs, and use as many as 1,000 chips.

Furthermore, society has entered the age of the internet of things, and things being connected has become the norm.

Cars are also equipped with communication devices, further advancing their electronification, and the volume of software (lines of code) is thus growing ever larger.

Facing this major transformation in the auto industry, Toyota is paying particular attention to the transition of cell phones.

As the shoulder phone evolved into the feature phone and then into the smartphone, the commoditized product of the phone became linked with information, creating new value through new experiences and quickly spreading around the world.

This transition is supported by software and connected technologies.

Due to the CASE revolution, cars are becoming more deeply connected to communities and people’s lives through information, becoming a more integral part of social systems.

At the same time, cars will become more linked to information, and through the movement of people, goods, and things, Toyota aims to provide new value through new experiences and by bringing excitement to customers.

The technological revolution in these new fields is expected to speed up and continue changing cars, and, by extension, mobility and the structure of society.

As a mobility company that can provide a wide array of services related to mobility and meet diverse needs, Toyota is working to realize the mobility society of the future.

Holdings, and Toyota Connected, and it is why we are working on the development of the e Palette, the construction of Woven City as a town for pilot testing, and the development of the Arene platform and other technologies.

To date, Toyota has sold 10 million Lexus and Toyota vehicles that are connected cars, mainly in Japan, the United States, Europe, and China.

Toyota’s vision of the connected car is not simply one of connecting the car to the internet.

Rather, it is about providing customers with emotional experiences through the movement of people, goods, and activities a vision centered on people that we call human connected.

To achieve this, we are operating a call center as a point of contact with customers the Toyota Smart Center, which provides a variety of services and the Toyota Big Data Center, which utilizes vehicle information gathered from cars.

Platform (MSPF) to provide mobility services and are promoting collaboration with service providers.

Connected cars and connected technologies will be applied to a variety of areas, and that which is to be connected will expand to include people, cars, communities, and society (business to society, or BtoS).

Toyota will handle the information gathered from customers and vehicles with care, utilizing it for the happiness of customers and the develop ment of society while creating new value from experiences centered on mobility.

With the e Palette battery electric vehicle (BEV) used in the Olympic Village for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, our goal was to create mobility that integrates cars and information and that coordinates with the community.

During the Games, 49,000 athletes, staff, and volunteers used e Palette.

We also developed a fleet management system for e Palettes based on the principles of the Toyota Production System (TPS) to ensure effective, efficient, and accurate opera tion.

The system monitors the vehicles remotely and operates them in a just in time fashion according to the conditions of the surrounding environment and the number of passengers.

Woven City this was realized via the MSPF that Toyota has been building and refining.

In the future, these technologies will be applied to the Sienna Autono MaaS minivan being devel oped in the United States for use as a robotaxi, and the MSPF will be used not only for automated vehicles, but also for regular commercial vehicles and logistics.

In this way, software has the power to promptly turn ideas into products.

The aim of Arene, the vehicle software development platform that Toyota and Woven Planet are focused on, is to continue fundamentally changing the development of software for vehicles.

The most notable characteristics of Arene are that it absorbs the differences in vehicle hardware specifications (abstraction) and employs hardware abstraction layers (HAL) that enable hardware to be controlled with universal methods.

This, in turn, enables the independent development of hardware and software as well as the reuse of software.

Arene leverages the strengths of hardware cultivat ed by Toyota to achieve the development of safe, high quality, and advanced software.

Because increasingly complicated software development is becoming a bottleneck for cars, too, there is a need for a revolutionary vehicle OS that can solve these issues.

The vehicle OS will achieve TPS in software development as well, and we must continue to realize combinations of good hardware and software.

For example, when developing automated driving software, the on board software needed for automated driving actually makes up only 10% the other 90% comprises various tools, such as data processing by the machine learning system, mounting, code review, software updates, log analyses, and simulations.

Basically, most of the software we develop is used off board (out side vehicles) or through the cloud.

Arene is used to develop frameworks for vehicle development and development environments based on those frameworks as well as to build ecosystems for mobility development.

Using industry leading software technologies, we will continue providing privacy conscious, secure, and safe cars.

Furthermore, application development on Arene is also easy.

Partner companies will be able to program applications more efficiently using the Arene’s application programming interface (API, a mechanism that can share software functions) and software development kit (SDK), which includes simulation environments.

In this way, development on Arene swiftly realizes commercialization and enables users to share the fun of providing new ideas that appeal to customers while meeting the expectations of worldwide partners and developers as well as the Toyota brand’s high quality standards.

The portion of a car’s value attributable to software is growing.

By internalizing the parts central to Toyota’s future, we will strategically ensure the strengths of our hardware and software through internal production, compartmentalize development undertaken with partners, and accelerate the speed of mass production.

For these initiatives, we are building a software development structure on a 3,000 person scale for Toyota, Woven Planet, and Toyota Connected and on a 18,000 person scale for the entire Group.

We are also strengthening the teams responsible for the internal production and development of software.

Through connected technologies, we can contribute to carbon neutrality by gaining a better under standing of the characteristics of each region in the form of data and combining this knowledge with realized technologies.

According to market data, in Japan, the engine is turned off for half of all driving time in hybrid electric vehicles, or HEVs, while for plug in hybrid electric vehicles, or PHEVs, the engine is turned off for as much as 80 percent.

HEVs and PHEVs can evolve into environment friendly vehicles to an even higher degree by upgrading the switching control of engines and electric motors.

In other words, there is room to expand the possibilities of both HEVs and PHEVs.

Aiming for the ultimate in just in time mobility, e Palettes are dispatched when needed, where needed, and in the amount needed.

TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATIONINTEGRATED REPORTMessage from the PresidentThe Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us ToyotaValue Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the FutureBusiness Foundations for Value CreationCorporate Data  One mechanism that will enable this is geofenc ing technology.

A portmanteau of geography and fence, geofencing refers to the combination of navigation and cloud technologies to enable the automatic switching of engine and motor functions in real time to reflect driving locations and driving times based on geographic data.

For example, in zero emission regulation regions that limit vehicle operation to only BEVs during certain time periods, geofencing automatically controls the functions of HEVs and PHEVs to ensure compliance with regulations.

Furthermore, geofencing enables anticipatory eco driving that switches over to BEV driving as appropriate by predicting the driving burden based on the driving environment up to the destination.

Utilizing connected technologies makes it possible to further promote energy saving in cars the smart control of HEVs and PHEVs.

The new NX features a mechanism that switch es to HEV control.

We expect that in the near future it will be able to use geofencing technology with over the air (OTA) update of its software.

In October 2021, in advance of introducing geofencing technology under development with an eye toward practical application, we introduced anticipatory eco driving (anticipatory EV HEV mode switching control) in the Japanese market.

It realizes highly efficient driving by automatically switching between EV and HEV modes depend ing on the charge left in the battery and the road conditions and characteristics.

OTA refers to using wireless connections to continuously update to the latest software (control software and high precision mapping software).

This means that after a car’s purchase, new functions continue to be added and perfor mance enhanced while the latest driving assis tance technology is installed, thereby continuing the vehicle’s evolution into a safer and more secure car.

The GR Yaris Morizo Selection is a new initiative based on GR Yaris that combines the ROOKIE Racing privateer team run by Morizo (President Akio Toyoda’s racing driver name) and Toyota’s KINTO car subscription.

We will continue to evolve each car to best match each customer by reflecting updates (which are based on feedback and data gained in races participated in by Morizo and ROOKIE Racing) and personalization (which is based on customer driving data) in the software in GR Garage shops.

Furthermore, we offer better driving methods and support the enhancement of driving skills.

Basically, we realize cars that evolve to suit people by updating the latest software in line with each customer.

They are done through a wired connection at stores.

Energy Conservation vehicles, and we will continue to expand the regions where we operate going forward.

Needs are increasingly diversifying, and cars can be used in a myriad of ways to meet them.

Our efforts thus encompass people’s problems and social issues, smiles and joy, and needed technological development.

The auto industry must move people while also achieving coexistence with local communities.

For the future and for children, the Toyota Group is working on producing happiness for all through freedom of movement for all and the provision of exciting experiences.

We will continue to enhance the excitement that can be experienced by being able to move by combining real cars and the power of software.

If we combine innovation with technology, the value of cars will rise higher.

We will also contribute to the further development of society by going beyond the borders of cars and contributing to community building and the creation of society wide platforms.

Since the establishment of Commercial Japan Partnership Technologies (CJPT) in April 2021, Toyota has been working to disseminate CASE tech nologies in the commercial sector and thereby con tribute to the realization of carbon neutrality.

CASE technologies can only contribute to society once they become widespread.

Commercial vehicles can play important roles in CASE technology dissemi nation, as they travel long distances for extended peri ods of time to support the economy and society and can be easily linked with infrastructure development.

By combining the commercial vehicle foundations of the companies participating in CJPT with Toyota’s CASE technologies, the companies aim to accelerate the soci etal implementation and adoption of CASE technologies and services and thereby help address social issues and contribute to the realization of carbon neutrality.

Distribution by truck accounts for about 90 percent of overland logistics in Japan, and the transportation sector (including buses and taxis) involves 2.7 million people.

Commercial vehicles account for about 40 percent of the total distance traveled by automobiles and about half of all CO2 emissions from automobiles in Japan.

Furthermore, the more than 60,000 logis tics companies operating in Japan currently face numerous management issues, such as high frequency distribution, harsh work environments, labor shortag es, and rising burdens on workers.

The power of CASE, centered on connected technologies and ser vices, is a promising approach to effecting improve ments that will help resolve these issues.

Solving these kinds of social issues is not something that one company can accomplish alone.

It is neces sary to seek a wide range of like minded partners, apply their different strengths, and work together for the sake of those supporting transportation and for society.

Minivehicles account for about 31 million of the approximately 78 million vehicles owned in Japan.

Furthermore, 85 percent of Japan’s roads are so nar row that only minivehicles can easily use them.

In this sense, minivehicles are collectively a kind of people’s car, made to suit the roads of Japan.

They are a practical and sustainable lifeline for people across the country and have continued to evolve alongside changing lifestyles.

Commercial minivehicles, which account for 58 percent of all commercial vehicles in Japan, are able to effectively cover areas that their small size makes accessible, supporting logistics operations mainly in the last mile.

Expanding the CJP project to include minivehicles will enable efficient, integrated logistics, linking the main arteries of logistics (handled by trucks) with the capillaries of logistics (the domain of commercial min ivehicles) while leveraging connected technologies and abundant data.

This new collaboration is also aimed at promoting the broader use of affordable advanced safety technologies and electrification by leveraging Suzuki and Daihatsu’s strengths in high quality, low cost manufacturing and Toyota’s CASE technologies.

CJPT expelled Hino Motors, Ltd. in August 2022 in light of certi fication testing misconduct.

Our efforts to achieve carbon neutrality center on two pillars: electrification and improving logistics efficiency.

Amid pressure to enhance cost competitiveness, maintaining a competitive edge in the area of com mercial vehicle electrification is increasingly challeng ing.

Competitiveness increasingly hinges on connected technologies and uses of batteries and other technologies.

Accordingly, manufacturers must step up the unique added value that they offer.

Improving transport efficiency will contribute greatly to realizing carbon neutrality.

Using connected technologies to link logistics from the major arteries to the fine capillaries, from producers to consumers, using truck logistics and local minivehicle based distribution, JIT logistics have the potential to lower running costs for logistics vendors and sustainably improve logistics.

At the project in Fukushima, we are working to cre ate an implementation model focusing on hydrogen use in cities with populations of around 300,000 which is typical of Japan, with the aim of applying the model to similar sized cities nationwide.

In collaboration with its partners, CJPT will begin the construction and social implementation of an energy management system in Fukushima Prefecture and Tokyo in January 2023 to promote the widespread use of electrified vehicles.

The introduction of commercial electric vehicles imposes an increasing burden on society as a whole, not only in terms of vehicle purchase, but also in terms of downtime for cargo and vehicles due to recharging and hydrogen filling and an increase in peak electricity demand at business sites due to the concentration of recharging at certain times.

A total of 580 commercial electrified vehicles will be used in this social implementation project, includ ing heavy and light duty fuel cell electric trucks, light duty battery electric vehicle (BEV) trucks, and mini commercial van BEVs, to comprehensively cover transportation from trunk lines to the last mile.

CJPT is working with AEON KYUSHU Co., Ltd. and AEON GLOBAL SCM Co., Ltd. on a logistics improvement project for the AEON Group in the Kyushu area that will solve problems faced by the logistics industry, such as soaring logistics costs and driver shortages.

Going forward, through the CJP project, the partici pating companies will deepen their collaboration while openly considering cooperation with other like minded partners, working to help fulfill the auto motive industry’s mission of helping improve people’s lives and leave a better Japan and a better planet for the next generation.

Guided by his strong leadership, Toyota established Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc. in 2012.

However, this also led to the difficult decision to close the Higashi Fuji Plant.

Looking for a way to carry on the Higashi Fuji Plant’s legacy of manufacturing to help create future mobility for the next 50 years, he arrived at the idea of transforming the site into a test course that is woven into the fabric of daily life.

At Woven City, we aim to make people happy by expanding what mobility can do for human beings and building systems that will create novel value.

In addition to the mobility of people, goods, and infor mation, we emphasize that mobility also has an emotional component and represents feelings, such as being moved.

Through mobility that con nects human hearts, Woven City will help us invent the technologies and services that will become the future fabric of life, constantly evolving alongside the inventors who live there and our partners.

Woven City will be a kind of test course, enabling us to rapidly implement development and demon stration cycles for diverse forms of mobility in both the virtual and the real world.

We will use these roads to advance the integrated three part development of automat ed driving at the levels of people, vehicles, and the traffic environment.

Guided by the three concepts of human centered, a living laboratory, and the ever evolving city, Woven City will demonstrate technologies from logistics to energy, food, and agriculture as it grows into a test course conducive to the timely generation of new inventions that address social issues.

One such initiative is the hydrogen refueling sta tion to be built by ENEOS adjacent to Woven City.

The station will produce CO2 free hydrogen for sup ply to both fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) and to Woven City.

Using Woven City as a living laboratory, we will demonstrate a supply chain across the pro duction, transportation, and use of hydrogen, taking new steps toward achieving carbon neutrality.

The name Woven City comes from Toyota’s origins in automatic looms.

Toyota Group founder Sakichi Toyoda was driven to invent an automatic loom out of a desire to make his mother’s work easier.

We have guarded and nurtured this spirit of service to others ever since.

Woven City will take up this com mitment from the Higashi Fuji Plant, growing and evolving as the foundation for a new era at Toyota.

The Woven City project, first announced in January 2020.

A safety prayer ceremony was held on October 10, 2022, officially kicking off construction.

Woven City will demonstrate cutting edge technologies in such areas as automated driving, mobility as a service (MaaS), personal mobility, robotics, smart homes, and artificial intelligence (AI) in a real living environment.

Using Woven City as a test course for mobility, we aim to create new systems and services that will contribute to well being for all.

Woven City will be constructed on the site of Toyota Motor East Japan’s former Higashi Fuji Plant, which was a pillar of production for Toyota for 53 years, starting in 1967.

At its peak, the plant had about 2,000 employees, and a total of around 7,000 individuals worked there over its history, producing such vehicles as the Toyota Century, Toyota’s flagship chauffeur car infused with Toyota craftsmanship, and the JPN Taxi, a car that requires many times the durability of an ordinary passenger car.

The concept for Woven City can be traced back to the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011.

Aiming to expand mobility, we are also advanc ing preparations for Woven City, a living labora tory for testing new technologies and services.

Conveying philosophy, skills, and behavior is essential to human resource development.

President Toyoda and top management convey their philosophy through the Toyota Times, Akio Toyoda’s Juku (roundtable with employees) and dialogue using other communication tools.

Furthermore, we have reaffirmed the position of the TPS as a source of our competitiveness.

This has enabled us to advance Kaizen (continuous improvement) at both production sites and other workplaces through the application of the TPS, and the TPS has become a central touchpoint for digital transformation (DX) efforts.

To transform into a mobility company, we are also working to secure software talent and promote diversity and inclusion.

As a result of these initiatives, all of our employees are gaining a greater awareness of social issues and beginning to proactively take action that extends beyond our conventional fields of activity.

With a corporate mission of producing happi ness for all, Toyota is advancing novel initia tives toward the realization of a sustainable world.

These initiatives will help Toyota survive the once in a century upheaval taking place in the automotive industry as it transforms into a mobility company.

Specifically, we are working to establish a more agile development approach to enhancing overall vehicle performance.

To this end, we are further honing our basic sourc es of competitiveness, such as the Toyota Production System (TPS) for making ever better cars and cost reductions, and our motorsports bred cars.

In addition, to create a new mobility company business model, we are advancing the development of software and connected technol ogies, including the Mobility Services Platform and the Arene vehicle software development platform.

The social issues we face today are increasingly complex and serious.

As such, the challenges we must take on are broad ranging, from building a mobility society of the future in such areas as car bon neutrality and mobility for all, to creating of environments that ensure respect for human rights throughout the supply chain and leverage diverse talent, regardless of gender, disability, or age.

To advance these initiatives with speed and agility amid drastic change and growing uncer tainty, developing people with the aspiration and passion to build a better future as well as the skills to make that aspiration a reality will be key.

President Toyoda has said that developing human resources with the spirit of working for the sake of others, a spirit that has been handed down since the Group’s founding, is essential to be committed to the Sustainability Development Goals.

This idea is a pillar of our efforts to pro mote sustainability in society and within Toyota.

At the same time, to help realize a sustainable world, we need like minded partners who share our aspirations.

Toyota is strengthening its rela tionships with suppliers and other existing stake holders while also working to foster new partnerships across diverse fields, such as energy and connected technologies.

For example, we are advancing the technological development of hydrogen engine vehicles, which are still in the early development stages, by entering them in endurance races.

Through such partnerships, we have successfully gained a wider range of part ners with whom to work hand in hand toward car bon neutrality.

Seeing this has taught me first hand the lesson that action has power to move people.

As CSO, I will continue working to strengthen engagement with both internal and external stakeholders while advancing initiatives aimed at helping realize a sustainable world based on the strengths and values that make us Toyota.

This roundtable discussion with the Outside Directors took place on September 15, 2022.

Sugawara We are now in our fifth year as Outside Directors.

Compared with when we took office in 2018, the Board of Directors’ discussions have significantly more substance.

I think this is because the Board has secured more time for strategic discussions by raising the bar for items that need to be decided by the Board, fully dele gating routine items to the executives, and, when such matters do go to the Board, processing them as paperwork to avoid taking up meeting time.

Because of the COVID 19 pandemic, we don’t all meet in person as often as we used to, but the increased substance of our discussions more than makes up the difference.

On the other hand, there is still considerable room to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.

Also, while President Toyoda is leading Toyota’s electrification strategy going forward, I think that there are aspects that the Board of Directors should take the lead in discussing with regard to Company wide areas to reinforce.

Craven I knew little about Toyota, really, when I joined as an Outside Director.

In fact, I was most surprised when Akio offered me the position.

So, I had a lot to learn, and, as Mr. Sugawara explained, I have seen several positive changes, which I’ve observed with great pleasure.

The Board of Directors’ discussions are very open, and there is a good division of roles and bal ance between the executives and the Outside Directors.

As one example of this openness, I’ve been very pleased with receiving the notes from the regional CEOs weekly meeting with the executive vice presidents, president and banto.

I think that it has really shown more of the inside workings of the Company to the Outside Directors.

In the notes from one of those meetings, the president stated very clearly that he needs to know the facts, and he can only operate on the facts.

Indeed, ensuring that the facts are received and then passed on accurately and wholly is important to enable the president and executive vice presidents to make the best decisions possible.

This kind of concrete initiative has, I think, improved the balance between the executives and Outside Directors.

Kudo When I came onboard with Toyota, I found that the culture was much stronger than I had imagined.

Toyota has developed and honed itself over decades, valuing Toyoda Principles and the wisdom and techniques of the Toyota Production System (TPS), and its strong culture is backed by shared, cherished values.

I think that the focus on easing burdens and producing happiness for all resonates with all of us Outside Directors.

At the same time, however, a strong culture can be a hindrance to change.

Toyota has a long history, and it was performing strongly, so management had to take great pains to convey to employees the meaning of transforming into a mobility company.

By overcoming that hur dle, management and employees were able to align their efforts to act with determination and urgency to deepen Toyota’s operational excel lence, building on the TPS while transforming Toyota into a new mobility company brimming with creativity without changing its culture.

As these efforts advanced, I sought to fulfill my role as Outside Director by bridging the gap between the Company and outside stakeholders in order to contribute to Toyota’s medium to long term cor porate value enhancement.

Craven between the opinion of Toyota among the public at large and that from within.

For example, I fully support the president’s view of having a far wider set of options moving for ward, beyond just battery electric vehicles (BEVs).

Recently, Toyota has been criticized by certain environmental organizations and investors, and I think Toyota needs to respond to such opinions more proactively.

You don’t always get your message across the first, or even the second time.

Without strong communication, Toyota’s reputation could slip.

Toyota must communicate effectively to stakeholders on such topics as ESG and carbon neutrality.

More senior executives have to take up that mantle to help put those messages out.

In saying all this about what Toyota should improve, I don’t mean to sound negative.

But, we can get the message out there in a better, more consistent manner, and get out in front of issues, rather than waiting for criticism.

Kudo First, while Toyota in some ways represents Japan in world, I think that it is not at all sitting on its laurels, but always working to protect stake holders and acting with an appropriate sense of urgency.

Next, as Sir Craven mentioned, some are say ing that Toyota is not fully committed to carbon neutrality and delaying the shift toward BEVs to protect its existing businesses.

Toyota, however, is working very seriously to provide equality of mobility globally, including in countries that do not have access to green energy.

As an Outside Director, I try to dispassionately examine Toyota’s initiatives, alongside those of its competitors, and offer my opinion accordingly.

Finally, I often hear questions about whether participants in Board of Directors meetings feel free to speak their minds, and whether the opin ions of Outside Directors are really listened to.

As Sir Craven and Mr. Sugawara mentioned, Toyota’s executives offer information openly, and meetings are conducted with care in a way that makes it easy to speak up.

The Board of Directors is indeed a forum for discussion among both the internal and outside participants.

The participation expected of us requires that we learn about the topics at hand.

Risk Management and Compliance role very seriously and prepare rigorously to par ticipate in discussions.

On the one hand, consider ing that Toyota has recorded record profits even during the COVID 19 pandemic, it is seen as hav ing been well prepared for crises, even as it goes through a major transformation itself.

On the other hand, there is some doubt about how adaptable Toyota really is to major changes, including new business models and environmental issues.

Working with Toyota, I feel that the Company is probably among the best in the world at deal ing with any clear cut crisis immediately con fronting it.

As Ms. Kudo said, Toyota has strong shared values and internal unity, so I think it is almost uniquely well suited to overcoming any clear and pressing challenges it may confront, like the pandemic.

On the flipside, however, when it comes to future uncertainty, such as whether Toyota’s cur rent business model will still be competitive in 10 or 20 years, I think that few executives or employ ees are approaching issues with same sense of urgency as President Toyoda.

As the Company successfully overcomes more immediate crises, I think there is a danger of slipping into complacen cy based on that short term success.

I think that right now the duty of Outside Directors is to persistently sound the alarm on major issues that Toyota will eventually confront but that are not yet fully apparent issues con nected to economic security, the environment, and transitioning to a new business model and to pose to management a variety of what if scenarios.

We are always probing and prodding during discussions at the Board of Directors, making sure that management can appropriately defend its strategy by questioning whether the current trajectory is the right one, or if it is, pointing out any lack of concrete detail or need to commit to specific numbers.

These discussions help to gradually reveal the dangers Toyota faces, which enables the Company to overcome them.

I think that sharing this approach more broadly can make Toyota more adaptable to change going forward.

Craven We are very fortunate to have such a capable leader as Akio Toyoda.

He’s brilliant, but at times, for the rest of the company, he’s too fast.

I think we have to communicate and give examples of what he requires for the future of Toyota, and I don’t think that we’re all that good at doing that.

Taking the initiative in that way is not something that most managers do naturally, so the many changes we have been seeing in HR systems have been very positive.

I think more has to be done, but the opportuni ties are amazing.

There can be so much positive energy locked down within Toyota.

We have to release that for the good of the Company through effective communication.

Craven The president needs to make very clear the importance of managers and the time they give to managing and developing their teams.

I would like it to be made very clear, from management, that individual team members should not just do what they’re told, but really think outside the box.

Kudo I think that Toyota’s leaders need to be highly innovative, flexible, and creative, with the dedication and selflessness to see things through as well as the breadth of perspective to act with all stakeholders, including society at large, in mind.

They must also be able to clearly communicate the Company’s stance and trajec tory, bringing people on board and drawing out their abilities to lead them forward.

They need to not just focus on short term profit but act with a commitment to making ever better cars and medium to long term value creation.

Given the circumstances facing Toyota today, I think that only leaders who can innovate and change based on a sense of urgency will be able to enhance corporate value over the medium and long term.

Toyota’s businesses depend on more than 370,000 employees, as well as suppliers, dealers, and many other partners.

As Toyota transforms into a mobility company, I’m sure the range of these essential partners will only grow.

Uniting a company this large requires someone who will work not just for themselves to achieve strong results during their tenure but for the good of industry as a whole, and even society at large.

They must express Toyota’s aspirations and demonstrate them through their own actions to build momentum by getting others excited to work alongside them.

Rather than settling for the status quo, I think that Toyota needs leaders who can envision and ambitiously pursue future, as yet unknown change, with the communication abilities, strength of character, and selflessness to guide the entire Company and even society forward.

Because of Toyota’s enormous size, its every move is scrutinized, and the Company’s actions exert a tremendous influence on the industrial sector.

In some ways, Toyota leads the industrial sector, and its actions and statements can have ramifications in government, politics, and even international relations.

As Ms. Kudo said, Toyota’s leader cannot think only of Toyota it’s a major role that requires an individual’s full dedication, with a mission that encompasses the broader world.

Toyota is managing such a mammoth organiza tion through this time of transformation.

Only someone who can demonstrate their own deter mination to carry out this mission to our young professionals, who represent the future of Toyota, and foster in them the same kind of determination can be considered fit to lead the company.

By developing many people with these quali ties and placing them in central management, regardless of age, Toyota as a whole will be able to carry out these two missions, no matter who becomes president.

I think if Toyota develops a culture that fosters young and mid level employ ees who are always aware of Toyota’s responsi bility to the wider world while striving to improve and go further internally, it will have no shortage of individuals well suited to top management.

This, in turn, will be good for the future of the Company and of Japan.

We’ve just got to open the box and let it fly, and it’s the younger people that will be able to do that most easily.

On April 21, 2022, Toyota Outside Director Ikuro Sugawara, Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Masanori Kuwata, and Operating Officer Yumi Otsuka held a dialogue about corpo rate governance with institutional investors.

Question 1 munications have begun to change since the briefing on battery electric vehicle (BEV) strategy last December.

Sugawara I came to Toyota as an Outside Director in 2018.

Listening to Board of Directors discussions and various briefings, I noticed that Toyota’s people had a strong tendency to speak in jargon and con cepts specific to Toyota, even in external communi cations.

For example, if you ask about specific initiatives, you find that Toyota is doing a wide range of things to address environmental problems and the Sustainable Development Goals, but when these efforts are explained in jargon, they don’t get across to outsiders.

Effective communication requires not just putting information out, but making sure it gets across.

So, I began by asking for changes in the way we communicate within Toyota, and there has been great progress over these past four years.

In the last year, especially, as we have more actively discussed governance, I think Toyota has made leaps forward.

At the BEV strategy briefing or at Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association press confer ences, President Toyoda speaks directly to stake holders and answers questions in detail.

At the Company wide level, however, there is still some way to go toward more effective communication.

The Board of Directors and we Outside Directors will con tinue discussions in this area while encouraging executives to make improvements.

Kuwata Multiple and diverse forms of communica tion are key.

Question 2 The degree of independence and diversity (particularly the percentage of women) of the Board of Directors seems low by interna tional standards.

Sugawara Yes, as you say, the percentage of female Directors is lower than that at many compa nies overseas.

During my time as director general of the Economic and Industrial Policy Bureau at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, I worked to advance corporate governance reforms in Japan.

From my perspective, focusing our efforts on real, substantive discussion is more important than expending our energy on adjusting the Board’s form.

That is not to say, however, that the Board should remain as it is forever, but that the Board must approach changes in social expectations flexibly, from a longer term perspective.

I do see expanding the role of independent Outside Directors and advancing diversity as important issues.

Dr. James Kuffner, as an internal Director, brings a back ground in the IT industry and a non Japanese per spective.

Working with him, we are gaining new insights and learning about specific differences in ways of ways of looking at information and managing organizations.

The scope and methods of our hiring have also been changing considerably, with growing numbers of women and mid career hires joining Toyota.

We are also revising our hiring methods and ratios, aiming to reinforce the hiring of software talent going forward.

I think that these efforts will bear fruit over the longer term, leading to increased diversity in decision making.

Kuwata Toyota’s transactions with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, where Outside Director Teiko Kudo has spent most of her career, are of a scale that does not hamper her independence.

All three Outside Directors Mr. Sugawara, Ms. Kudo, and Sir Craven offer input at the Board of Directors meetings and in regular communications with executives, which has led to enormous changes over the past year or two.

Sugawara tion in terms of speaking up as an independent board member should, regardless of her background.

Sir Craven, meanwhile, comes from a different background from the rest of us, and he brings unique opinions to discussions of such matters as human resource devel opment and communications.

In that way, they very much fulfill the role of independent Outside Director.

Question 4 Toyota has only three Outside Directors.

Sugawara At Toyota, the Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members also take part in Board of Directors meetings.

Final decisions are rendered by the nine Members of the Board of Directors, but they incorporate the views of the three Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members, who bring diverse backgrounds.

Also, the Outside Directors and Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members often hold study meetings, where the six of us discuss medium and long term issues.

In particular, we spent a considerable amount of time discussing issues related to carbon neutrality in the run up to the BEV strategy briefing.

Working alongside the Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members, we are monitoring business execution and expressing the views of outside stakeholders on medium and long term issues.

Sugawara When I came to Toyota, the number of companies whose shares Toyota strategically held was about double what it is now, and I was con cerned about just those issues.

We discussed the purpose of these cross shareholdings, and have since reduced them by about half.

We have to be considerate of the issuers, so these reductions take time, but we are making progress.

Please understand that we see the problem just as you do, and we are in the process of making revisions.

Sugawara Trade and Industry, I witnessed the trajectories of many companies.

When a company is on the brink, the decid ing factor is whether or not it still has sufficient younger talent to support it.

In that sense, I think that Toyota’s greatest investment to avoid the ills of large companies is the investment it makes in its younger human resources.

Kuwata As Toyota transforms from an automaker to a mobility company, the partners it works with will also change considerably.

We are very aware that our values will have to evolve if we are to move for ward.

We will need to value individuality more and discard conventional ideas of the background that top class talent should have.

Efforts to promote the advancement of women and personnel system reforms will be gradual, but I hope to work to create opportunities for diverse talent to thrive.

Toyota regards sustainable growth and the stable, long term enhancement of corporate value as essential manage ment priorities.

Building good relationships with all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business partners, local communities, and employees, and consis tently providing products that satisfy customers’ needs are key to addressing these priorities.

To this end, Toyota con stantly seeks to enhance corporate governance.

Toyota’s Corporate Governance Contributing to society through monozukuri (manufactur ing) is the basis of Toyota’s corporate value.

To enhance its corporate value in the medium to long term, it is appropriate for Toyota to be a company with an Audit Supervisory Board, where internal executives who have been long engaged in and have deep knowledge of manufacturing and outside executives who are capable of providing advice for the creation of new value from a broad perspective can participate in well balanced decision making at the Board of Directors’ meetings.

With respect to its framework for executing opera tions, Toyota has been focused on ever better car mak ing since the 2008 global financial crisis, aiming to provide a full lineup of good quality, affordably priced products in the right place at the right time while offering products and services suited to customers in each coun try and region.

To this end, following the introduction of region based management in 2011, the business unit system in 2013, and the in house company system in 2016, in 2017, Toyota further clarified that Members of the Board of Directors are responsible for decision mak ing and management oversight and that operating offi cers are responsible for operational execution in order to further accelerate the implementation of decisions.

Furthermore, in 2018, Toyota brought forward the tim ing of executive changes from April to January, in order to further accelerate management oversight and ensure full coordination with the workplace.

In addition, Toyota trans formed the company structure into one that enables deci sion making that is both close to the needs of customers and close to where the action takes place, by taking mea sures such as reviewing the corporate strategy function and restructuring the Japan Sales Business Group into an organization based on regions rather than sales channels.

In 2019, to further advance its acceleration of management and the development of a diverse and tal ented workforce, Toyota made executive and organiza tional changes as follows: 1.

Executives are composed of only senior managing officers and people of higher rank.

A new classification called senior professional senior management (kanbushoku in Japanese) grouped and replaced the following titles or ranks: managing officers, executive general managers, (sub executive managerial level) senior grade 1 and senior grade 2 managers, and grand masters.

With an eye to appointing the right people to the right positions, senior professionals senior manage ment hold a wide range of posts, from chief officer, deputy chief officer, plant general manager, and senior general manager to group manager, regardless of age or length of employment, in order to deal with management issues as they arise and to thereby strengthen their development as members of a diverse and talented workforce through Genchi Genbutsu (on site learning and problem solving).

In April 2020, Toyota consolidated the posts of execu tive vice president and operating officer into the post of operating officer and, in July 2020, clarified the responsi bilities of operating officers.

We redefined the role of oper ating officer to be members who, together with the president, have cross functional oversight of the entire company.

Furthermore, in house company presidents, regional CEOs and chief officers, as on site leaders of business implementation elements, were given authority and consolidated into the rank of senior professionals senior management.

The roles of operating officers and senior professionals senior management were determined where and as needed, and persons appointed as operat ing officers and senior professionals senior management changed in accordance with the challenges faced and the path that should be taken, as the company exercises greater flexibility than ever in appointing the right people to the right positions.

However, because of the rapidly changing business environment, Toyota now recognizes that there is an increasing need for such executives to fulfill management roles (related to people, goods, and money) together with President Toyoda.

Therefore, in April 2022, Toyota again reorganized the roles of operating officers and reestablished the position of executive vice president, defining it as an operating officer who is focused on business from a management perspective.

Toyota, based on its basic policy of appointing the right people to the right positions, has been swiftly and continuously innovating.

We will further press forward with the tide of such innovations, aiming for a corporate structure capable of carrying out management from a viewpoint that is optimal for a global company.

Reduced the number of Members of the Board of Directors from 27 to 11 members (currently 9 members).

Reduced decision making layers (discontinued the positions of executives responsible for the operations concerned and introduced a two tiered arrangement of executive vice president and chief officer) Made flexible assignment of senior managing officers or managing officers to chief officer posts (abolished the position of senior managing director).

Established the role of executive general manager Stationing of, in principle, regional chief officers in their respective regions.

Established business units Reorganized regional groups Appointed Outside Board Members.

Changed the roles of officers Enhanced diversity (appointing non Japanese executives and female executives).

Further clarified the responsibilities of Members of the Board of Directors as decision making and.

Reduced the number of Members of the Board of Directors (including Outside Directors) to 9 (June).

Increased the appointment of people with high level expertise from both within and outside of the.

Executive vice presidents, in addition to supporting the president, personally lead in the field as in house company presidents and organizational group chief officers.

Newly established a fellow system to secure people with high level of specialist expertise and expand the breadth of executive human resource development.

Created a new classification: senior professional senior management, encompassing Managing Officers, Executive General Managers, (sub executive managerial level) Senior Grade 1 and Senior Grade 2 Managers, and Grand Masters.

Integrated the roles of Executive Vice President and Operating Officer into Operating Officer Further clarified the roles of Operating Officers Reorganized the roles of operating officers and established the position of executive vice president to create a position for focusing on management perspectives with the president.

Board of Directors and Related Structures With respect to the Members of the Board of Directors, Toyota comprehensively considers and appoints the right person for the right position to ensure appropriate and prompt decision making.

Toyota believes that it is critical to appoint individuals who contribute to decision making aimed at sustainable growth into the future in accordance with the Toyoda Principles, which set forth our founding phi losophy.

Moreover, these individuals should be able to play a significant role in transforming Toyota into a mobility compa ny by responding to social change, such as the emergence of CASE 1 technologies, building external partnerships, and contributing to the solution of social issues, including the SDGs.

The Board of Directors should consist of members who have the abundant knowledge, deep insight, and the highly professional expertise needed by Toyota, and mem bers are appointed with consideration for diversity.

The Executive Appointment Meeting, of which the majority are Outside Directors, makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding individual Director candidates.

Furthermore, three Outside Members of the Board of Directors have been appointed in order to adequately reflect the opinions of those from outside the Company in management’s decision making process, All of the Outside Directors are registered as independent officers with the relevant financial instrument exchanges.

Toyota considers the appointment of Outside Members of the Board of Directors as independent officers in accor dance with the requirements for Outside Members of the Board of Directors set out in the Companies Act and inde pendence standards established by the relevant financial instrument exchanges.

Outside Members of the Board of Directors provide advice in Toyota’s management decision making process from a standpoint independent of management based on their broad experience and insight.

Directors’ meetings to ensure sufficient discussion can be held.

Directors meetings, for two way communication between Outside Members of the Board of Directors and the Audit Supervisory Board as well as the oper ational execution side on important management issues and medium to long term issues.

In recent years, to facilitate active discussion at Board of Directors’ meetings, Toyota has reduced the number of par ticipants (Directors and Audit Supervisory Board Members) in Board of Directors’ meetings (from 34 in 2010 to 15 in 2020).

As a result, opportunities for each participant to speak at Board of Directors’ meetings have increased, and Outside Members of the Board of Directors and the Audit Supervisory Board speak on almost all proposals.

Analysis and Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors In order to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, Toyota has been conducting an analysis and evaluation of the Board of Directors every year.

The most recent evaluation was performed as below.

Members were interviewed based on the survey results.

Views and proposals regarding the background and causes of issues identified by the survey as well as regarding the improvement of such issues, were com piled and reported to the Board of Directors, then dis cussed at the Board of Directors.

Method of evaluation: Self evaluation through surveys and interviews.

Directors and Audit Supervisory Board Members Implementation period: February 2022 to March 2022 Matters to be evaluated:.

Summary of the findings It was confirmed that the operation of the Board of Directors and the quality and content of its discussions were improving year by year, and that effectiveness was ensured through such measures as providing sufficient explanations of agenda items in advance and having peri odic exchanges of views with external officers on matters such as medium to long term management challenges.

The evaluation showed a general trend toward improve ment, particularly in the areas of agenda preparation, time allocation, delegation of authority to executives, and the content and volume of materials, and showed that effective ness was secured.

However, further issues were identified with respect to securing opportunities for discussing important topics and providing information to Outside Members of the Board of Directors and Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members.

In order to further improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, Toyota will secure more opportunities for the Board of Directors to discuss important management strat egy topics and promote the appropriate selection of topics to be proposed.

At the same time, to provide more informa tion to Outside Members of the Board of Directors and Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members and thereby facilitate more effective and vigorous discussions, Toyota will work to make further improvements through such mea sures as enhancing opportunities for dialogue and exchange with management.

Audit Supervisory Board System Toyota has adopted an Audit Supervisory Board sys tem.

Six Audit Supervisory Board Members (including three Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members) play a key role in Toyota’s corporate governance by undertak ing audits in line with the audit policies and plans deter mined by the Audit Supervisory Board.

In order to appropriately audit Toyota as it transforms into a mobility company with the aim of sustainable global growth, the Audit Supervisory Board is composed of Full time Audit Supervisory Board Members, who possess deep knowledge of internal Company matters, and Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members, who have a high level of expertise and knowledge.

In appointing Audit Supervisory Board Members, Toyota believes it is necessary to elect individuals who have broad experience and insight in their respective fields of expertise and can advise management from a fair and neutral perspective as well as audit the execution of business.

Toyota’s Executive Appointment Meeting discusses recommendations to the Audit Supervisory Board regarding the appointment or dismissal of Audit Supervisory Board Members.

Toyota has appointed three Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members, all of whom are registered as independent officers with the relevant financial instru ment exchanges.

When appointing Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members, Toyota considers the requirements set out in the Companies Act as well as the independence standards established by the relevant financial instrument exchanges.

In recent years, the Audit Supervisory Board and the internal audit function have been strengthening their ties by increasing the opportuni ties to share their audit results, with the aim of improving the effectiveness of their audits.

Training for Members of the Board of Directors and Audit Supervisory Board Members Toyota’s Outside Members of the Board of Directors and Outside Audit Supervisory Board Members must under stand and practice the spirit of making ever better cars and Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands on experience) and contribute to decision making aimed at sustainable future growth.

As such, Toyota provides a variety of opportunities to provide them with the necessary information.

Also, as explained above, we offer outside members opportunities other than the Board of Directors Meetings to deepen their understanding, such as advance explanations on propos als submitted to the meetings and two way communica tion with executives on important management issues and medium to long term issues.

The amount of executive compensation, how its calcula tion method is determined, and the calculation method are described as follows.

Decision Policy and Process Toyota believes that it is critical to appoint individuals who contribute to decision making aimed at sustainable growth into the future in accordance with the Toyoda Principles, which set forth our founding philosophy.

Moreover, these individuals should be able to play a sig nificant role in transforming Toyota into a mobility compa ny by responding to social change, such as the emergence of CASE technologies, and contributing to the solution of social issues, including the SDGs.

Toyota’s executive compensation system is an important means to promote various initiatives and is determined based on the following policy.

The system should encourage Members of the Board of Directors to work to improve the medium to long term corporate value of Toyota.

The system should support compensation levels that will allow Toyota to secure and retain talented personnel The system should motivate Members of the Board of Directors to promote management from the same view point as our shareholders with a stronger sense of responsibility as corporate managers.

The Board of Directors decides by resolution the policy for determining remuneration for and other payments to each Member of the Board of Directors.

Remuneration is effectively linked to corporate performance while reflecting individual job responsibilities and performance.

Remuneration standards in each Member’s home coun try are also taken into account when determining remunera tion amounts and methods.

Remuneration for Outside Members of the Board of Directors and Audit Supervisory Board Members consists only of fixed payments.

As a result, this remuneration is not readily impacted by business performance, helping to ensure independence from management.

The amounts of remuneration and other payments to each Member of the Board of Directors and the remunera tion system are decided by the Board of Directors and the Executive Compensation Meeting, a majority of the mem bers of which are Outside Members of the Board of Directors, to ensure the independence of the decisions.

The Board of Directors resolves the policy for determining remuneration for and other payments to each Member of the Board of Directors and the executive remuneration sys tem as well as the total amount of remuneration for a given fiscal year.

The Board of Directors also resolves to delegate the determination of the amount of remuneration for each Member of the Board of Directors to the Executive Compensation Meeting.

The Executive Compensation Meeting reviews the executive remuneration system on which it advises the Board of Directors and determines the amount of remuneration for each Member of the Board of Directors, taking into account such factors as corporate performance as well as individual job responsibilities and performance, in accordance with the policy for determining remuneration for and other payments to each member of the Board of Directors established by the Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors considers that such deci sions made by the Executive Compensation Meeting are in line with the policy on determining remuneration and other payments for each member of the Board of Directors.

Remuneration for Audit Supervisory Board Members is determined by the Audit Supervisory Board within the scope determined by resolution of the shareholders’ meet ing.

To decide the compensation for the fiscal year under review, the Executive Compensation Meeting was held in May 2021, March 2022, and April 2022.

Also, preparatory meetings attended solely by Outside Directors were held five times in July, September, and October 2021 and February and March 2022 as a forum for discussions in preparation for the Executive Compensation Meeting.

The compensation for the Members of the Board of Directors was decided with the agreement of all members of the Executive Compensation Meeting.

Major Matters Discussed at the Executive Compensation Meeting Compensation levels according to position and responsibilities.

Benchmarks and results evaluation for FY2022 Individual performance evaluation The remuneration for each individual.

Method of Determining Performance based Remuneration (Bonuses, Share based Compensation) 1.

Toyota sets the total amount of remuneration received by each director in a year ( Annual Total Remuneration ) based on consolidated operating income, fluctuation in Toyota’s market capitalization, and individual performance evaluations.

The balance after deducting monthly remuneration, which is fixed remuneration, from Annual Total Remuneration consti tutes performance linked remuneration.

Toyota sets Annual Total Remuneration based on position and duties by referencing the executive remu neration levels of a benchmark group of companies located in Japan.

Method of Setting the Annual Total Remuneration Annual Total Remuneration is set according to a formula based on the benchmark results of executive compensa tion.

Annual Total Remuneration for each position is set based on consolidated operating income and fluctuation in Toyota’s market capitalization and then adjusted based on individual performance evaluations.

Individual perfor mance evaluations take into consideration the individual’s efforts made in accordance with the Toyoda Principles, which set forth our founding philosophy, and other aspects, such as the trust of others and promotion of human resource development.

Based on the evaluations, the amount of Annual Total Remuneration for each direc tor is determined within the range of 50% above or below the Annual Total Remuneration for each position.

Fixed remuneration and performance based remuneration are set based on remuneration levels and structures that allow Toyota to secure and retain talented personnel, taking into account each member’s job responsibilities and the remuneration standard of his her home country.

Performance based remuneration is set based on consoli dated operating income, fluctuation in Toyota’s market cap italization, and individual performance evaluations, taking into account each member’s job responsibilities and the remuneration standard of his her home country.

The approach to setting each item is the same as that for direc tors with Japanese citizenship (excluding Outside Directors).

Differences in tax rates in Japan and their home countries may be considered and compensated for.

Share based Compensation System The Board of Directors decides share based compensa tion using the maximum values for share based compen sation set at the 115th and 118th Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meetings held on June 13, 2019 and June 15, 2022 (a maximum of 4.0 billion yen per year, with the total number of common shares of Toyota to be allotted to the Members of the Board of Directors, excluding Outside Directors, capped at 4 million).

For more details, please refer to p. 86 of the Securities Report (for the fiscal year ended March 2022).

Cash compensation consists of monthly remuneration and bonuses.

Consolidated subsidiary Woven Planet Holdings, Inc.

Share based compensation is the number of shares presented in the table multiplied by the closing price on the day prior to the date of resolution for the allocation.

At Toyota’s financial results press conference in May 2022, CFO Kenta Kon spoke about changes in Toyota’s profit structure.

Figure 1 shows two graphs comparing operating income for the fiscal year ended March 2009, the year of the global financial crisis, and the fiscal year ended March 2021, the year that the COVID 19 pandemic hit, with that of previous fiscal years.

In both cases, vehicle sales volume decreased by 15% year on year.

But at the time of the global financial crisis, profits decreased significantly, pushing Toyota into the red, while in the fiscal year ended March 2021, we were able to secure a profit.

Figure 2 shows the break even vehicle sales volume from the fiscal year ended March, 2009, onward.

If we assign our break even volume at the time of the global financial crisis a value of 100, we have lowered our break even volume to, most recently, around 60 to 70, demonstrating that we have made significant progress in improving our condition over the past 13 years.

This was not something that could be done overnight.

Immediately after the global financial crisis, we had to put the brakes on all R D expenditures and capital invest ments.

But, even as we fought to overcome the numerous crises known in Japan as the Six Hardships, including recall issues, we continuously worked to improve profitability.

Improved profitability was not something that Toyota was able to achieve on its own.

Rather, it was the result of a desperate and concerted effort with all of our stake holders.

During that period, as one of Toyota’s strengths is hav ing a full lineup of products globally, we transitioned to an in house company system that would allow us to better provide high quality and reasonably priced vehicles at the right place and time.

Along with the in house company system, we intro duced the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA) shared vehicle platform to improve the basic performance and product appeal of our vehicles and enhance the reflection of regional characteristics in products, aiming not to be the best in the world, but the best in town.

In the past, we often introduced completely new vehi cle models on a one off basis as the market grew.

Now, however, we are continuously evolving our long time, best selling cars, such as the Yaris and Corolla, to keep them current so that they can go on being long time, best sellers.

We believe that these initiatives have resulted in increased profitability.

Figure 3 illustrates the changes in our profit structure over the six years since we transitioned to the in house company system.

A look at the factors behind the increases and decreas es in operating income reveals that our profit has increased despite major negative factors, such as poor foreign exchange rates, low sales volumes, and increases in materials prices.

In terms of sales, the more than 2 tril lion yen improvement in profit is due to sales price revi sions and a reduction in selling expenses.

We believe that this is the result of our customers highly evaluating our products.

Also, post sale vehicle quality helped customers maintain high vehicle value, leading to improved profitabili ty not only in the automotive business but also in the finan cial services business.

In terms of cost reduction, we believe that significant improvements have been achieved by the effect of switch ing to new products that are based on the TNGA platform and through the power of our production worksites, including those of suppliers, which can respond to the launch of various new products and environmental chang es as well as produce high quality products.

We used to increase profit through favorable foreign exchange rates and volume growth.

Over the past six years, however, this has steadily been changing.

Percentages are the expected wholesale used car price 36 months in the future, divided by the new car retail price.

Comparing new car sales in 2015 and 2021, we have increased our market share in 11 of 15 major countries, including China, the United States, and Japan.

The graph on the right side of Figure 4 shows U.S. used car prices three years post purchase by model.

Toyota’s RAV4 has received higher appraisals than vehi cles from other manufacturers in the same segment, and it is evident that those appraisals have gotten even higher since we switched to the TNGA based RAV4.

Being able to command a high price in the used car market protects the value of customer assets, and we believe this builds trust in our brand.

Although our performance in the fiscal year represents our situation in only that single fiscal year, it is the result of long term, ongoing efforts, including the in house compa ny system, best in town activities in each region, the TNGA, product lineup strategies, ever better car making from a starting point in motorsports, and the human resource development that supports these activities, as well as various in house system reforms.

We would once again like to thank everyone involved for their support.

The three pillars of Toyota’s financial strategy are stability, growth, and efficiency.

By maintaining adequate stability while pursuing growth and effi ciency over the medium and long terms, we aim to build a robust financial foundation to support sustainable growth.

Stability: Securing Liquidity Having experienced financial crises and the Great East Japan Earthquake, in order to ensure busi ness continuity in any business environment, we maintain a sufficient level of liquidity to cover half a year of both fixed costs in the automotive busi ness and refinancing requirements in the financial services business.

Ample liquidity is essential to maintaining a full line up in each region and retaining the ability to respond to all options and opportunities.

As such, it is a vital part of the foundation supporting the creation of corporate value.

Growth: Aggressive Forward looking Investment As the auto industry approaches a once in a century turning point, Toyota is focusing on tech nological innovation aimed at transforming into a mobility company.

Every year, we spend more than 1 trillion yen on R D. By enhancing efficien cy in existing areas, we are strategically increas ing the portion of R D spending allotted to cutting edge fields.

Efficiency: Enhancing Capital Efficiency Using cost reduction and the thorough application of the Toyota Production System (TPS), we are rein forcing the profit structure and securing funds to invest in advanced and cutting edge technologies.

In capital expenditures other than R D expens es, as well, we are carefully assigning priority to individual projects and tracking their progress while advancing measures to improve productivity, such as streamlining development in existing fields, making equipment more compact, shortening processes, and facilitating faster response to changes in production quantities.

Furthermore, in addition to sustainably increas ing ROE by repurchasing shares, we are strength ening investment management by regularly evaluating the rationality of our strategic share holdings in terms of the needs of our business strategies and economic utility.

In these ways, we are striving to enhance capital efficiency.

Toyota deems the benefit of its shareholders an important element of its management policy and continues to work to improve its corporate struc ture and enhance its corporate value in order to realize sustainable growth.

Toyota strives to ensure the stable and continuous payment of divi dends, seeking to maintain and improve upon the consolidated payout ratio of 30%.

Toyota flexibly repurchases its common stock while comprehen sively considering such factors as its investment in growth, level of its dividends, its cash reserves and the price level of its common stock to pro mote its capital efficiency.

For the year ended March 2022, Toyota paid an interim dividend of 24 yen per share and a year end dividend of 28 per share, for an annual divi dend of 52 yen per share, up 4 yen per share from the previous fiscal year.

Toyota repurchased 435.6 billion yen of its com mon stock to return profits for the fiscal year ended March 2022 to shareholders.

Of this, 185.6 billion yen in repurchases were flexibly executed in con sideration of such factors as the price level of its common stock.

With a view to surviving tough competition and transitioning to a mobility company, Toyota will uti lize its internal funds mainly for its investment in growth for the next generation, such as environ mental technologies to achieve carbon neutrality and safety technologies for the safety and security of its customers, as well as for the benefit of stakeholders, such as employees, business part ners, and local communities.

Policies on Strategic Shareholdings Toyota’s policy is to not maintain strategic share holdings except for in cases where such holdings are deemed to be meaningful.

Cases where such holdings are deemed to be meaningful are defined as cases where it is determined that, in the busi ness of manufacturing of automobiles, in which it is essential to maintain a variety of cooperative rela tionships throughout the entire process of develop ment, procurement, production, distribution, and sales, such holdings contribute to the improvement of corporate value from a medium to long term perspective based on a comprehensive consider ation of business strategy the establishment, maintenance, and strengthening of relationships with business partners and contribution to and cooperation in the development of society.

Assessment of the Propriety of Strategic Shareholdings When necessary, Toyota engages in constructive dialogue with the issuers of shares that it holds to encourage them to improve corporate value and achieve sustainable growth.

These dialogues pro vide opportunities to share and address business challenges.

Every year, at the Board of Directors, Toyota reviews whether its individual shareholdings are meaningful in light of changes in the business environment, specifically examines whether the benefits and risks from such holdings are commen surate with the cost of capital, etc., and assesses the propriety of Toyota’s strategic shareholdings.

If Toyota determines that a shareholding is no longer meaningful or the meaning of a shareholding has been diluted due to changes in the business environment or other reasons, Toyota will proceed with the sale of such shares once it has adequately explained its reasons for doing so to the issuer.

Consequently, the number of companies whose shares Toyota strategically holds has been reduced to 148 (including 53 listed companies) as of March 31, 2022 from 200 (including 80 listed companies) as of March 31, 2015.

In the year ended March 2021, Toyota issued Woven Planet Bonds to raise funds for projects that contribute to the achievement of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

The issuances comprised 100.0 billion yen in yen denominated straight bonds for individual investors, as well as 130.0 billion yen in yen denominated sustainability bonds and 275.0 billion yen in foreign currency denominated sustainability bonds for institutional investors.

Furthermore, Toyota issued an additional 60.0 billion yen in sus tainability bonds in June 2022.

Toyota addresses climate related issues at the Board of Directors’ meetings to ensure effective strategy formulation and implementation in line with latest societal trends.

The Board deliberates and oversees related strategy, major action plans, and business plans, and important climate related matters are included in the Board’s agenda.

The Board of Directors monitors progress toward qualitative and quantitative targets for addressing climate issues.

As part of monitoring, the Board considers climate related issues, including risks opportunities related to products, such as fuel efficiency emission regulations, and risks opportunities related to low carbon technol ogy development, as well as the financial impact thereof.

Bodies That Address Climate Change Issues formulating and revising medium to long term targets and action plans.

Examples of decisions made by the Board of Directors in 2021 include the following.

The Board decided to invest in Toyota Green Energy, which was established jointly by Toyota, Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., and Toyota Tsusho Corporation.

Toyota Green Energy is a new com pany that will obtain and manage renewable energy sources in Japan with the aim of supplying electric power to the Toyota Group in the future.

The Board of Directors is Toyota’s ultimate decision making and oversight body for addressing climate related issues.

The committees below are the major bodies for assessing and managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Deliberates and reports on the formulation of measures to solve climate related and other sustainability issues.

Manages the assess ment of product related risks and opportunities, formulation and imple mentation of strategy and plans, monitoring, etc.

Manages the assessment of plant and production related risks and opportunities, decisions on countermeasures, monitoring, etc.

Toyota strives to identify the various risks and opportunities that will arise from environmental issues, takes action while continuously confirming the validity of strategies, such as the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, and works to enhance its competitiveness.

In particular, climate change requires measures in a variety of areas, including the adoption of new technology and responding to tighter government regulations.

As climate change progresses, higher temperatures, rising sea levels, and increases in the severity of such natural disasters as storms and flooding are expected.

Such developments may have various impacts on Toyota’s business fields.

These impacts may pose risks to Toyota’s business.

However, we believe that responding appropriately to the impacts of climate change can lead to enhanced competitiveness and the acquisition of new business opportunities.

In accordance with this understanding, we have categorized the risks relating to climate change and identified particularly significant risks in line with risk management processes based on the degree of impact and stakeholder interest.

Fines for failure to meet fuel efficiency regulations Decrease in total vehi.

Increase in sales of electrified vehicles Increase in profits.

Maintaining top level fuel efficiency (currently the highest in Europe) Increase in investment in batteries cle sales due to delays in complying with ZEV regulations from external sales of electrification systems and shift of resources.

Start of sales of electrification systems Expansion osf electrified vehicle.

Impairment of internal combustion engine manufacturing facilities Increase in production and purchasing costs due to the introduction of carbon taxes, etc. lineup.

Reduction of CO2 emissions from vehicles currently in use.

Decrease in energy costs due to the introduction of energy saving technology.

Comprehensive reduction of energy use and promotion of renewable energy and hydrogen use.

Production suspension due to damage to pro duction sites and sup ply chain disruptions caused by natural disasters.

Increase in demand for electrified vehicles due to increased need for supply of power from automobiles during emergency situations.

Continuous adaptive improvements to business continuity plans (BCPs) in light of disaster experiences.

Reinforcement of information gather ing in collaboration with suppliers to avoid purchasing delays.

Recognizing that climate related issues may have a substantive impact on its businesses, strategy, and financial planning, Toyota reviews its strategy based on the risks and opportunities associated with climate related issues whenever necessary.

The table on page 41 describes the specific impacts on our businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

Toyota identifies risks, determines their degree of significance, and sets priorities in accordance with the Toyota Global Risk Management Standard (TGRS).

Details regarding the TGRS are provided on page 42 under Risk Management.

Products and services Social trends toward decar bonization Reflected in fuel efficiency and other regulations in many countries.

Greatly affecting product development and production.

Supply chains value chains The business of manufacture and sale of automobiles emits large amounts of CO2 and other greenhouse gases from its product production and the entire value chain.

Investments in R D Toyota’s acceleration of R D to respond to tightened regulations and changes in consumer needs caused by climate change has led to: Promotion of the R D of electri fied vehicles.

Adaptation activities and mitigation Activities Automobile manufacturing, Toyota’s main busi ness, entails a large amount of emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse gases from each process.

Influences of social trends toward decarbonization Payment of carbon taxes Emissions trading through carbon pricing Costs of use of renewable energy and hydrogen.

The following strategies were influenced: Long term strategy (2050 Target): Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 announced in 2015 Medium term strategy (2030 Target): 2030 Milestone announced in 2017 Short term strategy (2025 Target): 7th Toyota Environmental Action Plan announced in 2020.

In each of the above strate gies, the numerical target for CO2 emissions reduction was set as part of the New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

In each of the above strategies, the numerical target for CO2 emissions reduction in the entire value chain was set as part of the Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

In 2021, the decision to aim for sales of 3.5 million battery electric vehicles (BEVs) in 2030 was announced.

In each of the above strategies, the sales target for electrified vehi cles was set as part of the New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

In each of the above strategies, the numerical tar get for CO2 emissions reduction related to plant operations was set as part of the Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge.

In 2021, the decision to aim for carbon neutrality at.

The medium term strategy takes into account the following:.

In 2021, the decision to aim for plants by 2035 was announced.

Manufacturing and disposal of batteries for the manufacture of electrified vehicles.

Collaboration with suppliers Risks and opportunities related to recycling sales of 3.5 million BEVs in 2030 was announced.

R D expenditures are required to achieve this target. c) Resilience of the Organization’s Strategy, Taking into Consideration Different Climate related Scenarios, including a 2 C or Lower Scenario.

Climate change and the policies of various coun tries may expose the automobile industry and mobility society as a whole to substantial chang es.

These changes will present both risks and opportunities for Toyota.

Based on risk and opportunity analysis, using such scenarios 1 as those of the International Energy Agency (IEA), we envisioned three future storylines of society and the external environment in around 2030: the stat ed policies future storyline, 2 C future storyline, and 1.5 C or less future storyline.

In a society of the below 2 C future storyline or the 1.5 C or less future storyline, in which climate change measures make steady progress, the percentage of vehicles that are electrified (especially ZEVs 2) will increase.

In the society of the 1.5 C or less future storyline in particular, the percentage of ZEVs among new vehicle sales will likely increase greatly while the use of carbon neutral fuels 3 will also expand.

With regard to effects on production and purchasing, since the introduction of carbon taxes and increased tax rates may lead to higher costs, expanding the use of energy saving technology, renewable energy, and hydrogen will mitigate risks.

On the other hand, if adequate climate change measures are not implemented throughout soci ety, as described in the stated policies future sto ryline, production suspensions due to the increased frequency and severity of natural disas ters, such as flooding, as well as production decreases and suspensions due to supply chain disruptions are likely to increase.

In April 2021, Toyota proclaimed that it would address global scale challenges to achieve car bon neutrality by 2050.

As an initiative to this end, we have been working on environmental technol ogy development for electrified vehicles, such as hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs), plug in hybrid vehi cles (PHEVs), battery EVs (BEVs), and fuel cell vehicles (FCEVs).

We believe environmental tech nologies can contribute to reduction of CO2 emis sions only when they are widely disseminated.

Toyota currently conducts sales in over 170 countries and regions, among which economic conditions, energy and industrial policies, and customer needs vary significantly.

Therefore, it is important to have a strategy that offers a variety of electrified vehicle options to optimally meet the diverse needs of each country and region.

Based on this electrified vehicle strategy, Toyota has sold a cumulative total of over 20 million elec trified vehicles worldwide.

As one of the first com panies to respond to climate change risks, Toyota has achieved a CO2 emissions reduction of over 160 million tons through these vehicles (as of March, 2022).

Going forward, with regard to BEVs, we will successively introduce models based on a dedi cated platform in 2022 and seek to supply practi cal vehicles through battery development and production strategies.

In December 2021, we announced our aim of developing 30 types of BEVs and achieving a full lineup in the passenger and commercial segments globally by 2030, with the target of 3.5 million annual global vehicle sales by 2030.

To achieve this, we will advance the sale of electrified vehicles optimized to fit regional con ditions and customer preferences.

In addition to BEVs, we are promoting electrifi cation from all directions.

We will flexibly and stra tegically adapt total vehicle sales and other conditions in response to changes in the market while leveraging the strengths that we have gained through experience.

This will encourage customers in each region to choose us and accel erate the increased use of electrified vehicles.

Even if battery demand increases in accordance with shifts in customer needs, as in the 2 C or 1.5 C or less future storyline, we will flexibly work toward carbon neutrality by such means as enhancing collaboration with existing and new partners and swiftly establishing production struc tures at suppliers that have capital ties with Toyota.

In addition to increasing the number of electri fied vehicles, Toyota is working on CO2 reducing off cycle technology 4 (items not necessarily reflected in driving mode fuel efficiency).

Carbon neutral fuel technologies, such as hydrogen fuel and hydrogen engine vehicles, will also contribute to reducing the CO2 emissions of vehicles, includ ing vehicles currently in use.

We are therefore working to expand options for such technologies.

The United States has a system of offering credits in proportion to the amount of improvement achieved.

Initiatives must be implemented in coordination with various stakeholders, such as national governments and industry organizations.

In its global business activities, Toyota will coor dinate with national governments to establish infrastructure for promoting electrification while implementing electrified vehicle strategies that contribute to reducing CO2 emissions throughout the entire vehicle life cycle.

Initiatives in the Production Field In the production field, we have announced that we aim to achieve carbon neutrality at global plants by 2035, and we are implementing preparations to face such risks as carbon taxes.

We are promoting the reduction of CO2 emissions through compre hensive energy saving conservation and the intro duction of renewable energy and hydrogen at plants.

We have already achieved 100 percent renewable electricity use at all plants in Europe.

Toyota will prepare measures to respond to natu ral disasters, such as formulating (BCPs, strength ening supply chains by enhancing information gathering, and improving communication.

Working together with not only the automobile industry but all industries, Toyota will implement initiatives that are both practical and sustainable, continuously striving to ensure compatibility with the society of the 1.5 C or less future storyline.

To demonstrate progress and validate Toyota’s strategies, we will appropriately disclose informa tion regarding various ESG assessment indicators and enhance dialogue with stakeholders, includ ing institutional investors.

We believe that this will enable stable fund procurement and sustained corporate value enhancement.

Toyota has a Company wide risk management system that covers all risks related to its corporate activities and conduct, including climate change.

This system is called the Toyota Global Risk Management Standard (TGRS).

All risks, including climate change, are identified and assessed based on the TGRS.

Risk assessment is carried out based on the two perspectives of magnitude of impact and vul nerabilities to clarify the substantive financial or strategic impact on the Company’s business.

The magnitude of impact is assessed compre hensively based on the four elements of finance, reputation, violation of laws and regulations, and business continuity.

Financial impact is assessed on a five point scale using the ratio to sales as an indicator.

Reputation, violation of laws and regula tions, and business continuation are also assessed on a five point scale.

Vulnerabilities are assessed based on the two elements of countermeasures and clarity of responsible organizations.

These assessments are comprehensively exam ined to reach a comprehensive assessment of the level of seriousness of risks on a four point scale.

Once risks by region, function (manufacturing, sales, etc.

The group chief officers and in house company presidents supervise the activities of the in house companies and, at the subordinate level, the general managers supervise the activities of divisions and implement and mon itor countermeasures.

Furthermore, climate related risks and oppor tunities are identified and assessed by the Environmental Product Design Assessment Committee and Production Environment Committee and then deliberated by the relevant divisions and officers.

The Environmental Product Design Assessment Committee moni tors the status of efforts to deal with such issues as fuel economy regulations and procurement, while the Production Environment Committee does the same for such issues as direct opera tions, including CO2 emission regulations on plants and water risk.

Meetings of these two committees are held when an important event arises with the participa tion of executive or general manager level mem bers of relevant divisions, such as technology, environment, finance, purchasing, and sales.

These committees assess risks multiple times a year.

Important risks and opportunities that require prompt response are reported as needed to the Board of Directors Meeting, where response measures are determined.

As described above, the processes using the TGRS constitute a Company wide risk manage ment system that covers all risks and opportuni ties related to corporate activities and conduct, including climate change.

At the meetings of the Environmental Product Design Assessment Committee and Production Environment Committee, which bring together members from relevant divisions, climate related risks and opportunities are identified and assessed, and countermeasures are examined.

Toyota recognizes that setting multiple metrics to comprehensively manage climate related risks and opportunities is an important measure for adaptation to and mitigation of climate change.

As such, Toyota’s metrics include not only the amount of CO2 emissions but also other elements deeply related to climate change, such as energy, water, resource recy cling, and biodiversity.

These metrics are systematically incorporated into the following targets as the six challenges.

The Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050, a long term target for 2050.

The Seventh Toyota Environmental Action Plan, a short term target for 2025.

Toyota aims to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 based on the following three zero challenges.

The Life Cycle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, cover ing Scope 1, 2, and 3 along with voluntary initiatives The New Vehicle Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, focused on TtW of Category 11 of Scope 3.

The Plant Zero CO2 Emissions Challenge, cover ing Scopes 1 and 2 at production bases and some non consolidated affiliates (Scope 3).

Furthermore, Toyota announced in 2021 that it will aim to achieve carbon neutrality at plants by 2035.

Internally, certain carbon prices are used as indicators to examine capital investment and other activities.

Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from 2019 to 2021 were as shown in the following table.

In addition, through the sale of electrified vehicles, as of March 2022, Toyota had achieved a cumulative CO2 emission reduction effect of approximately 162 million t CO2.

In conjunction with this validation, SBTi also approved Toyota’s emission intensity targets for Scope 3 Category 11 as in line with its well below 2 C criteria.

Structure of Environmental Strategies Toyota is continuously monitoring social trends and customer opinions.

Toyota considers which issues it should focus on, quickly anticipates future issues, and addresses environmental issues by applying new ideas and technologies.

However, global environmental issues, such as climate change, water shortages, resource deple tion, and biodiversity loss continue to spread and grow more serious every day.

We formulated the Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 in 2015 and the 2030 Milestone in 2018 so that each one of us can understand better these issues and continue to tackle chal lenges from a long term perspective, looking toward the world 20 and 30 years in the future.

In 2020, we set the 2025 Target as the most recent target of the Toyota Environmental Action Plan, a five year plan for achieving the above targets.

Reduce CO2 emissions by 25 percent or more 5 throughout the entire vehicle life cycle compared to 2013 levels.

Reduced CO2 emissions by 13 percent throughout the entire vehicle life cycle compared to 2013 levels.

In 2021, four new models were assessed, and 45 of the total 61 models available for sale (74 percent coverage) in 2021 in Japan were assessed using the Eco Vehicle Assessment System (Eco VAS).

Reduced global 6 average CO2 emissions from new vehicles by 24 percent com.

Reduce global 6 average CO2 emissions (TtW, g km) from new vehicles by 35 percent or more 7 compared to 2010 levels pared to 2010 levels by improving environmental performance and expanding vehi cle lineups.

Reduce CO2 emissions from global plants by 35 percent compared to 2013 levels.

Achieved cumulative global sales of 20.3 million electrified vehicles.

Introduced innovative technologies, including a new type of paint atomizer (airless paint atomizer) that uses static electricity and promoted energy saving through daily kaizen.

Reduced CO2 emissions by 21 percent compared to 2013 levels Achieved a 13 percent introduction rate for renewable electricity Continuously conducted various verification tests to support the utilization of hydrogen Stationary fuel cell (FC) generators diverting on board FCs, use of hydrogen burners for sealer drying furnaces in the battery assembly process, production of water electrolysis based hydrogen by solar power, and use of FC forklifts.

We have built an environmental management sys tem that covers 493 companies considered con solidated subsidiaries on an accounting basis and nine unconsolidated vehicle production compa nies (as of 2021).

Under this system, we carry out the following three steps.

We will maintain and improve this system in the future so that we can further promote environ mental initiatives.

Organize internal structures (governance system) 2.

Ensure thorough risk management and compli ance (including voluntary actions) 3.

As of 2021, all plants of Toyota Motor Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries (122 companies) have obtained ISO 14001 certification, and eight of these companies have also obtained ISO 50001 certification.

For Toyota to achieve its ultimate goal of eliminat ing traffic accident causalities, the development of safe vehicles is, of course, important, but it is also essential to educate people, including drivers and pedestrians, and to ensure safe traffic infrastruc ture, including traffic signals and roads.

To achieve a safe mobility society, Toyota believes it will be important to implement an inte grated three part initiative involving people, vehi cles, and the traffic environment, as well as to pursue real world safety by learning from actual accidents and incorporating that knowledge into vehicle development.

Toyota has defined its Integrated Safety Management Concept as the basic philosophy behind its technologies for eliminating traffic casu alties and is moving forward with development.

Toyota provides optimized driver support for rea sonable safety at every stage of driving, from park ing to normal operation, the moment before a collision, during a collision, and post collision emer gency response.

People Raising awareness of traffic safety through lectures, etc.

Simulations Accident simulation to Develop preventive measures rate component.

These are the approaches behind our Integrated Safety Management Concept.

The Toyota Safety Sense system packages multiple active safety functions that help reduce serious traf fic accidents causing death or injury.

The major functions Pre Collision Safety (PCS), which assists in avoiding and mitigating damage from collisions with cars ahead or pedestrians Lane Departure Alert (LDA), which contributes to preventing acci dents caused by leaving the lane of travel and Automatic High Beam (AHB), which helps ensure optimal forward visibility during nighttime driving.

Since its market launch in 2015, Toyota Safety Sense has been installed in more than 32.5 million vehicles globally (as of July 2022).

Toyota Safety Sense is now available on nearly all passenger car models (as standard or option) in the Japanese, U.S., and European markets.

It has also been introduced in a total of 120 countries and regions, including such key markets as China, other select Asian countries, the Middle East, and Australia.

Passive safety combines vehicle bodies that absorbs the energy of collisions with devices that provide support to protect drivers, passengers, and pedes trians and thereby minimize collision damage.

Toyota created its own stringent internal target related to passive safety performance called Global Outstanding Assessment (GOA) and developed a collision safety body structure and passenger protection devices.

Since then, Toyota has continued to evolve GOA, striving to improve the real world safety performance of its vehicles in a wide variety of accidents.

To analyze vehicle related injuries, Toyota collaborated with Toyota Central R D Labs., Inc. to develop the Total Human Model for Safety (THUMS), a virtual human body model.

THUMS is being used in the research and development of a variety of safety technologies, including seat belts, airbags, and other safety devices, as well as vehi cle structures that mitigate injuries in accidents involving pedestrians.

Toyota made the THUMS software available on its website free of charge in January 2021 in the hope that as many users as possible will benefit from it.

Every minute counts in the response to an accident or medical emergency.

In the event of an accident or medical emergency, Toyota’s HELPNET emergency reporting system service contacts a dedicated oper ator that then contacts police, fire, or ambulance services to ensure the rapid dispatch of emergency vehicles.

HELPNET automatically contacts an oper ator when the airbags deploy and supports D Call Net , a service that makes quick deployment deci sions for air ambulances.

This service is provided by sending vehicle data to the HELPNET center from an on board data communication module (DCM).

Toyota has been engaged in the research and development of automated driving technologies since the 1990s.

The Mobility Teammate Concept is an automated driving concept unique to Toyota that seeks to enhance communication between drivers and their cars, enabling them to assist one another in coordinated driving as companions.

Rather than cars taking over driving from people and replacing them, drivers and cars act as part ners to protect one another so that drivers can enjoy the experience of driving while deferring to automated driving at times, achieving truly safe, secure and unrestricted mobility.

The Lexus LS and Mirai models launched in April 2021 are equipped with Toyota Lexus Teammate state of the art driving assist technology, with some grades including Advanced Drive, a system that assists driving on an expressways or other motor vehicle only roadways.

The Advanced Drive on board system will appropriately detects the vehi cle’s surroundings, make decisions, and assist driv ing under the driver’s supervision according to actual traffic conditions.

It can keep the vehicle in its lane, maintain the distance from other vehicles, nav igate a lane split, change lanes, and overtake other vehicles until leaving the roadway for the destina tion.

The system achieves high levels of safety and peace of mind, reducing driver fatigue and providing a pleasant journey to the driver’s destination.

Deep learning focused AI technologies support driving by predicting and responding to a wide vari ety of situations that could occur when driving .

In addition, Advanced Drive uses software updates.

The system continues to add features and improve performance to enhance the driving experience and provide the latest safety technologies even after the vehicle has been delivered to the customer.

Cars have many uses, and needs continue to diversify.

Accordingly, Toyota is advancing R D into automated driving technologies not only for personally owned vehicles (POVs), but also in the field of mobility as a service (MaaS).

Toyota is one of the first companies to launch advanced auto mated driving technology for vehicles sold to cor porate customers.

Data collected from these vehicles will then be collected, analyzed, and fed back into development to further evolve automat ed driving technologies for POVs.

Toyota carries out awareness raising initiatives for drivers and pedestrians to help prevent traffic accidents.

One such initiative for drivers is the Toyota Driver Communication safe driving technique seminar held periodically at Toyota Safety Education Center Mobilitas, on the grounds of Fuji Speedway.

For pedestrians, in cooperation with Toyota dealers across Japan, Toyota has been donating traffic safety teaching materials to kindergartens and nursery schools nationwide since 1969.

The origins of Toyota’s Customer First and Quality First principles lie in the Five Main Principles of Toyoda, which embody the thinking of Sakichi Toyoda, and the spirit of audit and improvement espoused by Kiichiro Toyoda.

Since its foundation, Toyota has built a corporate culture that focuses particular attention on quality that will produce customer smiles and on Kaizen (continu ous improvement) achieved through Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands on experience).

Each employee in every area maintains a constant and strong awareness of issues and a sense of own ership, making ongoing efforts to implement Kaizen and collaborate closely with personnel in other fields in order to enhance customer safety, peace of mind, and satisfaction.

Toyota sees quality as the combination of prod uct quality, sales and service quality, and, as the foundation supporting these, the quality of the work performed by each employee.

We believe that products and services that gain the confidence of customers can be created only when all employees across every process from development, purchasing, production, and sales to after sales service build quality into their work, coordinate with one another across processes, and implement the quality assurance cycle.

To foster a corporate culture in which each member is committed to building in high quality, Toyota works to develop human resources and improve work quality by holding quality awareness promotion events for all employees every year and by providing qualification specific education in quality assurance.

Furthermore, February 24, the anniversary of the day that President Akio Toyoda attended the U.S. Congressional hearings held to investigate the series of recall issues that occurred in 2010, has been des ignated Toyota Restart Day.

We have created mechanisms and are taking measures to raise awareness in order to keep the lessons learned from the series of recall issues fresh.

Dealer education and instruction Service parts warranty, etc.

Establishment of and instruction on transportation standards.

Checking and maintenance of inspection tools, equipment, etc.

Verification of supplier capability Conclusion of business con tracts, etc.

Manufacturing quality assurance Process maintenance and con trol, etc.

Product plan formulation Development target setting Quality target setting, etc.

Product basic plan formulation Design quality assurance Prototype evaluation, etc.

Process and equipment planning Process capability allocation Inspection method establish ment and measurement of initial products, etc.

Learning Center as a crucial education facility for conveying the experiences and lessons learned from the series of recall issues to future generations of employees.

Recent quality issues are added to update the Center’s program every year to maintain focus on lessons we have learned.

We have also set up customer quality learning centers unique to indi vidual plants and global sites as part of efforts to ensure employees in each region and at each plant thoroughly understand the importance of quality.

Cyber attacks are growing more sophisticated and complex.

Their corporate targets include confiden tial information, information systems, plant and vehicle control system networks, such as those for onboard devices, as well as supply chains.

Toyota strives to protect information assets against the threat and risks of cyber attacks and ensure cus tomer safety and peace of mind.

We implement measures to prevent information leakage based on the Information Security Policy.

To prevent leaks of confidential information and protect product information assets from cyber attacks, Toyota implements inspections and audits based on the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG).

ATSG ensures information security through a multi faceted approach encompassing organiza tional management, human resource management, technical security, physical security, and incident accident response.

To adapt to recent environmen tal changes, ATSG is revised periodically.

By annually inspecting the information security initiatives being implemented at consolidated subsidiaries and other Group companies in line with ATSG, Toyota works to ensure the continu ous maintenance and improvement of their infor mation security.

A specialized team continuously carries out on site audits of each company to check responses to ATSG and the status of implementation of physical security measures at each company.

Furthermore, in terms of automobile related ini tiatives, Toyota is a member of the Automotive Information Sharing Analysis Center (Auto ISAC) in Japan and the United States, a framework for sharing knowledge related to information security, and actively utilizes it to learn promptly about cases that occur within the industry and put them to use in development.

To defend against information leaks and external attacks, a specialized team performs information gathering and monitoring functions.

When prob lems arise, a response team, including members of management, is formed to resolve the situation appropriately and promptly.

The specialized team conducts training at least once a year based on assumptions of increasingly complex and sophisticated threats and prepares procedure scenarios for rapid recovery to ensure readiness in case of a large scale issue.

In addition, we receive third party evaluations based on NIST SP800 82 53, ISO 27001 27002, IEC 62443 and other standards regarding the sta tus of security measures pertaining to management and technical aspects of security systems.

We implement measures to address problems identi fied through these evaluations as needed, working to raise the level of security.

By ambitiously engaging in forward looking research and development, Toyota strives to enhance product appeal and technological prow ess, which have served as the sources of Toyota’s competitiveness.

At the core of Toyota’s products created through this research and development lies intellectual property, including inventions, know how, and brands.

This intellec tual property constitutes an important manage ment resource.

By protecting and utilizing our intellectual property in an appropriate manner, we strive to contribute to society.

To realize the mobility society of the future, Toyota is carrying out intellectual property activi ties in line with management priorities.

For exam ple, we are focusing resources on such areas as carbon neutrality, including the development of electrified vehicles and batteries, and on soft ware and connected initiatives, including con nected and automated driving technologies.

We are also reinforcing efforts to obtain and utilize intellectual property licenses in such areas to strengthen our future competitiveness.

With intellectual property functions at its R D cen ters in Japan, the United States, Europe, and China, Toyota supports technological development globally through the organic and systematic coordi nation of R D and intellectual property activities.

We work in collaboration with approximately 110 highly capable law firms around the world to collect intellectual property information and appropriately handle any intellectual property disputes that may arise in specific countries or regions.

To enhance the close coordination of manage ment, R D, and intellectual property, Toyota maintains the Intellectual Property Management Committee.

Toyota holds approximately 69,000 patents in key countries around the world (as of March 2022) and files approximately 14,000 patent applications a year domestically and internation ally.

In 2021, Toyota was the holder of the most patents among car manufacturers in Japan and the United States.

Moreover, Toyota is consis tently at the top of a ranking released by an external institution of companies filing patent applications concerning decarbonization related technologies with the Japan Patent Office.

Based on its Customer First policy, Toyota com plies with the relevant laws and regulations of the countries and regions in which it operates and respects privacy as a member of international soci ety.

Rules for the Handling of Personal Information information, Toyota strives to make ever better cars and contribute to enriching the lives of communities.

Specifically, based on our Privacy Code of Conduct and the Toyota Privacy Notice, we have set up and operate a privacy governance frame work centered on the appropriate management and protection of personal information and other data related to privacy.

While maintaining compli ance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and other laws and regulations, Toyota strives to utilize information to solve social issues and provide better products and services.

We will comply with laws and regulations when handling personal information.

In addition, in order to provide prod ucts and services that delight our customers through the appropriate handling of informa tion, we will establish a sustainable and superi or information management system and aim to be a company that sets a global standard.

When using customer related information, create services and products that suit each individual customer to achieve customer happiness.

Information management based on complying with laws and regulations.

Cooperation with our stakeholders to respect our customers’ privacy and comply with laws and regulations.

Human resource development Achieve a high standard of privacy governance.

We are promoting activities based on our Customer First policy through collaboration with our business partners, including suppliers and dealers.

Toyota promotes open and fair business prac tices and steadily implements initiatives to pro mote sustainability.

At the same time, we work closely with suppliers and dealers to improve quality and provide safety and peace of mind to our customers as we strive to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction.

Since its establishment, Toyota has worked close ly with suppliers in its manufacturing operations.

As part of these efforts, Toyota has globally imple mented its Basic Purchasing Policies in accor dance with the spirit of mutual benefit based on mutual trust between suppliers and Toyota.

Dealers Distributors promote our Customer First policy.

When conducting business transactions, we conclude contracts that clearly stipulate legal compliance, respect for human rights, and con siderations for local and global environments.

Internally, we work to raise the awareness of all our employees, including buyers, through semi nars and training.

The Purchasing Group, supervised by the chief officer and deputy chief officer for purchasing, takes the lead in promoting value chain collabora tion activities in close cooperation with relevant departments, including those responsible for the environment, human resources, and compliance, as well as the Sustainability Management Department.

The direction and challenges of sus tainability initiatives are reported to and discussed by the Sustainability Subcommittee.

Key issues are then reported to the Sustainability Meeting for consideration and decision making to ensure proper supervision.

Toyota established the Toyota Supplier Sustainability Guidelines in 2009 to share the importance of sustainability initiatives with suppli ers and request that they carry out business activ ities in line with the Guidelines.

In 2021, sections related to the environment and human rights were revised and expanded to reflect the increasing importance of environmental and human rights issues.

As of July 2022, more than 90 percent of Toyota’s domestic suppliers have endorsed the principles of the Guidelines.

Furthermore, the Guidelines stipulate that tier 1 suppliers must expand the implementation of the Guidelines to tier 2 suppliers and beyond to ensure that these principles are disseminated and implemented throughout the supply chain.

The Guidelines are also shared globally, as regional purchasing divisions apply them to over seas suppliers.

Toyota is open and fair to any and all suppliers, regardless of nationality, size, or whether they have done business with us before.

We evaluate suppliers by quality, technological capabilities, and reliability in delivering the required quantities on time, and their efforts in addressing social responsibilities, such as environmental issues.

We develop mutual benefit in long term relationships.

To foster trust, we engage in close communication with suppliers.

Checks Using Self inspection Sheets To ensure understanding and implementation of the Guidelines, all domestic Toyota suppliers are requested to periodically check the status of their implementation using a self inspection sheet.

In October 2020, around 350 tier 1 suppliers, which account for over 90 percent of our pur chase volume in Japan, submitted the results of their self inspections, indicating their status of implementation.

Self inspections based on the latest version of the Guidelines, following November 2021 revisions, are scheduled for the near future.

Responses When Problems Are Identified When a problem is identified, we communicate with the supplier concerned and ask them to make improvements.

Our stance is always that the business relationship may be reconsidered if no improvements are made.

In addition, to pre vent reoccurrences at other suppliers, we send notices explaining the issue to suppliers and ask them to ensure thorough prevention.

In 2020, for example, we asked suppliers to pro vide better assistance to foreign technical intern ship trainees who were unable to return to their home countries during the COVID 19 pandemic.

Tier 1 suppliers are requested to work with tier 2 suppliers in the same way.

In response to the global expansion of its business and societal demands, Toyota has adopted the Anti bribery Guidelines to ensure the thorough prevention of bribery and corruption.

Toyota is strengthening its preventive measures by promoting awareness of the guidelines among its suppliers.

In this way, we aim to contribute to the local society and be a good corporate citizen.

We actively procure from local suppliers, including parts, materials, tools, equipment and other materials.

Toyota is working to educate and raise awareness among all employees, including buyers.

We request that suppliers work to promote sustain ability through their own, voluntary initiatives while also working closely with them on cooperative sustainability promotion.

Dealers are the front line where Toyota’s Customer First policy is directly observed.

Toyota and its deal ers share the value of its products and services and constantly work as one to enhance customer satis faction based on a strong relationship of trust through close two way communication as partners.

Toyota follows a Customer First, Dealer Second, Manufacturer Third approach.

We work alongside dealers to meet customer expectations and raise the level of customer satisfaction.

We believe that, through these efforts, we will realize growth for both dealers and Toyota.

Regular seminars related to human rights, the environment, and other sustainability topics.

Labor relations training provided by the human resources division.

Recent seminar topics Foreign technical internship trainees (2020).

In a 2019 survey, a number of suppliers responded that they had employed foreign technical internship trainees from Vietnam.

These suppliers were given a seminar detailing Toyota’s stance and initia tives intended to ensure that trainees are not charged exorbitant fees.

Briefing on achieving carbon neutrality (2021 and 2022).

Dissemination of specific emission calculation methods and tools to help achieve CO2 reduction targets.

Presentation of items that reduce CO2 emissions Implementation of a matching service to link companies provid ing emission reduction solutions with suppliers that are having trouble reducing their emissions.

Requiring suppliers in tier 1 to encourage suppliers in tier 2 and beyond to participate in the initiatives above in order to dissemi nate this information throughout the supply chain.

Dealers implement activities related to priority topics every month in accordance with the Legal.

Compliance Manual Details: Overview and checklists related to the following laws.

Repeated notices to dealers and employees to prevent and quickly detect any legal or regulatory violations.

We hold the Corporate Executive Round table Conference to encourage corporate executives to take the initiative in carrying out sustainability activities.

Executives from Toyota attended the conference, taking part in discussions on carbon neutrality.

The participants shared information, identified issues, and planned mea sures to address said issues.

Suppliers engage in dialogue with each other to mutually enhance awareness, improve understanding, and advance initiatives.

Activities carried out by Toyota’s supplier associations Kyohokai and Eihokai.

Implemented the following initiatives in response to designated vehicle maintenance violations and improper handling of personal information by dealers. (From FY2022 onward) Compliance seminars for dealer representatives and other personnel Supporting improvement activities at dealers by disseminating Toyota Production System (TPS) know how and holding training sessions.

Supporting dealers’ initiatives through the distribution of a Privacy Governance Guidebook reflect ing amendments of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information promulgated in April 2022.

Disseminating Toyota Motor Corporation’s Human Rights Policy to dealers.

The policy has a particular focus on appropriate management of foreign technical internship train ees and creating harassment free workplaces.

Toyota refers to and respects the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) and promotes actions related to human rights based on the UNGP.

Seeking the happiness of others than ourselves is a part of Toyota’s founding principles and was a driving force that led to the invention of the automatic loom, which can be considered the beginning of Toyota.

Under the mission of producing happi ness for all, within every country and every region in which we operate, we aim to be the best company in town, one that is both loved and trusted by the people.

The automobile industry depends on the support of numerous people, including local communities, business partners (such as suppliers and dealers), and customers.

We will continue to protect the human rights of our employees, customers, and all people involved in our business activities and to improve such protections in order to benefit these stakeholders and society.

To address human rights related issues through out the supply chain, Toyota applies the Toyota Supplier Sustainability Guidelines, which specifi cally state its expectation that its suppliers respect human rights.

Working together with suppliers on risk monitoring, countermeasure development, tracking, and remediation, Toyota provides guidance and support to potentially affected stakeholders.

Furthermore, we work with NGOs and other external stakeholders to both understand societal expectations and assess our prioritized activities from a third party perspective.

By doing so, we hope to increase transparency and ensure that corporate activities are fair and appropriate.

Based on the United Kingdom’s Modern Slavery Act 2015 and similar legislation of other coun tries, 2 Toyota issues statements under the title Toyota’s action taken for Forced Labor of Migrant Workers (Statement on the Modern Slavery Acts), covering its domestic facilities and aimed at promoting efforts at both domestic and over seas production facilities.

In this statement, we disclose Toyota’s commit ment to the relevant laws and describe measures we have implemented to prevent any instance of modern slavery, including human trafficking, in either our direct operations or supply chain.

In 2020, Toyota took part in the establishment of the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards a Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP MIRAI), 3 a multi stakeholder framework for resolving issues faced by migrant workers in Japan.

In May 2022, JP MIRAI launched a grievance mechanism on a trial basis for migrant workers with the aim of understanding and resolving issues in a timely manner.

This mechanism has the support and cooperation of Toyota.

Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict affected and High risk Areas and strives to prevent such human rights violations as child labor and forced or coerced labor.

Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing the RMI Cobalt Working Group, Toyota Motor North America (U.S.) is encouraging smelters and refiners to acquire related certifications.

Since 2013, Toyota has been conducting reason able country of origin inquiries throughout its sup ply chain based on the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict affected and High risk Areas.

We request that the suppliers make cor rections if there are any errors or omissions in their responses in order to improve the effectiveness of our efforts.

In cooperation with the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), Toyota Motor North America (U.S.) takes part in the activities of the Conflict free Sourcing Working Group and the working group of the Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG) on conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Responsible Sourcing of Cobalt Cobalt, used in batteries and other products nec essary for automobile electrification, is an import ant mineral resource for Toyota.

Toyota recognizes that there are concerns associated with the mining of cobalt regarding child labor and other human rights violations and abuses.

Toyota has been advancing activities to clarify the supply chain for batteries, in which cobalt is the primary component, using the Cobalt Reporting Template, or CRT, provided by RMI.

As of March 2020, we had identified several smelters in our supply chain.

Toyota will continue conducting background surveys of smelters and implementing appropriate measures to mitigate any risks identified.

To promote correct understanding of human rights issues and non discrimination and encour age action toward open and honest communication, we implement the following human rights training for executives, employees, and business partners.

Explanation of international human rights guidelines and associated expectations, the responsibilities required of companies, and recent key human rights issues.

Learn about corporate responsibilities and their scope based on international norms using positive and negative examples, thereby helping protect human rights in daily operations.

Examples of positive labor management communications, past labor disputes, and labor management negotiations as well as the latest trends in human rights, international norms, and regulations.

Training on building healthy labor manage ment relationships at local suppliers, includ ing human rights issues, to support ordinary purchasing duties at overseas postings.

Awareness of harassment prevention in various situations FY2022 Results All senior professionals senior management and all professionals management: Approx. 8,000 employees, 3,000 hours.

All assistant managers and all those in lower ranks: Approx. 20,000 employ ees, 6,500 hours.

All shop floor employees: Approx. 42,000 employees, 14,000 hours.

On line training by psychiatry and psy chology specialists FY2022 Results Supervisors: Approx. 12,000 employees.

Toyota is working to transform from an automotive company into a mobility company by promoting continuous innovation in existing areas and taking on new frontiers.

To this end, we aim to ensure that employees with diverse skills and values can demonstrate their abilities to the fullest.

Toyota does not tolerate any form of discrimina tion, including that based on gender, age, nation ality, race, ethnicity, creed, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital sta tus, or the presence of children.

We respect diverse lifestyles and workstyles and provide opportunities for all employees to thrive according to their ambitions and abilities.

We also strive to create open, harassment free workplaces.

Although we have consistently striven to promote the professional participation and advancement of women globally, we recognize that gender diversi ty remains an issue, particularly at Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan, and we are implementing initiatives that include the following. 2002: Launch of initiatives centered on expand ing and establishing measures to support women who are trying to balance work and childcare From 2012: Focusing on initiatives for creating work environments that motivate and inspire women and on supporting their participation (especially the development of female managers).

From 2021: Unconscious bias training for all with disabilities are given fair opportunities, we dispatch sign language interpreters, provide a variety of support tools, and make workplace improvements as needed. (Toyota Motor Corporation’s rate of employment of people with disabilities, including those serving at a special purpose subsidiary, is 2.50% as of June 2022.) internal management and supervisors.

From 2022: Reinforcing diversity training (basic courses and management courses).

We provide various work opportunities in a variety of workplaces to persons with disabilities based on the concept of a harmonious society in which all persons, with or without disabilities, work and live together.

For example, to help enable such individuals to utilize their abilities, we have set up a consultation hotline that ensures privacy and introduced a spe cial holiday system that can be used by employ ees to receive medical care.

Toyota Loops Corporation began operation with employees with disabilities in April 2009.

As of June 2022, Toyota Loops employed 357 persons with disabilities.

Toyota Loops primarily handles office support work outsourced from Toyota, such as internal printing, the collection and delivery of internal mail, and document digitization.

In addition, some Toyota Loops employees par ticipate in the development of assisted mobility vehicles, a form of work and contribution uniquely available to people with disabilities.

For example, during vehicle development, wheelchair users have participated in evaluating the ease of getting in and out of vehicles and provided opinions on aspects of the development of automated driving vehicles.

To ensure respect for individuals’ sexual orienta tion and gender identity, Toyota strives to promote the development of a corporate culture of proper understanding, recognition, and acceptance.

At Toyota Motor Corporation, the prohibition on discrimination or harassment targeting LGBTQ people has been incorporated into the employee behavioral guidelines, and we no longer require new graduates to fill in their gender on job appli cations.

We have also been advancing facility related measures, such as establishing an internal consultation hotline and gender neutral restrooms.

In terms of corporate culture, we require all employees and officers to receive training cover ing basic knowledge about LGBTQ issues.

The PRIDE Index In November 2022, Toyota Motor Corporation was awarded Gold and Best Practice on the PRIDE Index 2022.

The PRIDE Index was established by work with Pride, a Japanese vol unteer organization that supports and develops diversity man agement initiatives for sexual minorities.

Top 50 Companies for Diversity 2022 In May 2022, Toyota Motor North America ranked 4th in the general division of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity 2022 ranking published by U.S. based DiversityInc.

Held company wide events during the week of International Women’s Day.

Working couple support: Telecommuting system, part time working regimes, support in finding employment for spouses of employees temporary transferred to TME.

Active hiring of promising candidates to career positions Unconscious bias awareness training for all managers Setting of targets for employment and.

Women’s career development: Mentorship system, management positions sponsorship system.

Nursing break of up to one hour each day for lactating female employees.

Annual North American Women’s Conference, to which all executive level.

Unconscious bias awareness training women and many high potential women in middle management positions, as well as male directors and executives, are invited to attend to network and encourage women’s participation and advancement in the workplace for all managers.

D I KPIs for executives and managers are scored using a diversity scorecard to encourage initiativess.

Diversity Advisory Board, which is responsible for monitoring and reporting on the progress of diversity, including career development for women.

Childcare facilities at multiple operation sites to allow flexible workstyles for employees with small children.

Leadership workshops for management to ensure acceptance of women and promote their participation and advancement in the workplace.

KPIs Related to the Promotion of Women’s Participation in the Workplace We are continuing initiatives that promote women’s participation and advancement in the workplace so that the percentage of positions held by women will consistently increase, from initial hiring to executive positions.

Events sponsored by the Business Partnering Group, which provides networking and educational opportunities to employees as an organization representing the interests of minority groups.

Healthy pregnancy program for pregnant promotes open conversation about the challenges women face in balancing their professional and personal lives employees: Guidance and advice related to health as well as orientation on breastfeeding and baby care.

Unconscious bias awareness training for all managers.

Setting of employment targets Dialogue about employee emplacement between human resources division and management to promote internal diversity Mentor system to support female leaders Soft landing Program to support employees returning to work after childbirth.

Support for nursing care costs for employees who return to work early.

Providing all employees with children with essential school supplies.

Female prayer room Reserved parking area for pregnant employees.

Toward achieving transformation into a mobility company, Toyota is committed to both realizing advanced monozukuri (manufacturing) with higher quality and efficiency based on the Toyota Production System (TPS) and taking on chal lenges in new areas.

To this end, Toyota encour ages its employees to reexamine their workstyles and hone their individual abilities, thereby enhanc ing the workplace structures.

Toyota also seeks employees equipped with both the ability to act and empathy, and recruits, trains, and evaluates employees based on these abilities.

In this process, Toyota identifies the roles and abilities of each individual, ensuring the place ment of the right person in the right position regardless of their nationality, gender, year of join ing Toyota, form of recruitment, academic back ground, job type, or other such factors, with the aim of enhancing the competitiveness of the Company and its organizations.

To recruit ideal candidates, Toyota has revised its conventional recruitment practices as follows: 1 Recruitment criteria To accelerate the introduction of workstyles based on teamwork and alliances in preparation for the launch of mobility services, recruit more people who are attractive for other employees to work with.

Place greater emphasis in recruitment on empathy and the passion to realize dreams at Toyota.

The medium term target is to increase mid career recruits to 50% (adminis trative and engineering positions).

Introduce referrals (introduction by Toyota employees) and other new means of recruitment.

Promote the recruitment of diverse people from universities from which no graduates have previ ously been hired by Toyota, technical colleges, vocational schools, and high schools. 4 Course specific recruitment of new graduates To accelerate the development of professional human resources, hire students who have a concrete vision of what they want to do at Toyota and determine the course they will be assigned to at the time of recruitment, thereby ensuring the recruitment of diverse human resources suited to the characteristics of specif ic workplaces, such as with IT related personnel.

The work roles of Toyota employees and the main focus of their work are to be fulfilled and defined in accordance with policies.

Evaluation and feed back are based on close communication between subordinates and superiors.

Specifically, employees’ roles and main focus are determined at the beginning of each fiscal year and employees consult with their supervisors periodically.

Through these consultations, supervi sors assess the employees’ self evaluations and provide feedback.

Repeating this cycle leads to employees’ capacity development.

In addition, we carry out 360 degree feedback for the purpose of employee growth.

By giving employees feedback on their strengths and weaknesses from people working with them, we help them reflect on their own actions and make improvements.

In 2019, our personnel system was revised to better reward hard workers regardless of age or qualifications.

Furthermore, in 2020, we intro duced a system for centrally managing employee information, including employee evaluations, the results of consultations with their supervisors, and questionnaire results regarding workplace man agement.

This system has made it possible to refer to each employee’s previous evaluations, personnel information, and stated intent, thereby enhancing the development and allocation of employees with consistency through job assign ment based on a better understanding of employ ee aptitude and intent.

Results for each half year are reflected in bonuses and performance abilities demonstrated over the past year are reflected in salary raises for the following year.

To develop employees capable of implementing the Toyota Philosophy globally, Toyota is providing training through global executive development, along with human resource development under taken by Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan and human resource development undertaken by affili ates in other regions.

Global Executive Human Resource Development The Global 21 Program aims to provide skilled employees around the world with knowledge suit able for global Toyota executives and enable them to exercise their strengths to the fullest in their respective areas of responsibility.

The program comprises the following three pillars.

Disseminating the Toyota Philosophy and incorpo rating it into global personnel system and training. 2 Human resource management Applying appropriate personnel evaluation stan dards and processes in each region based on Toyota’s common values 3 Assignment deployment and training programs Carrying out global assignments and executive training.

To transform into a mobility company, Toyota must promptly shift resources from existing car manufacturing and sales businesses to new areas, such as CASE and the value chain.

To that end, we are proactively advancing recruitment, reskilling, and redeployment with an eye to enhancing the potential of employees and carefully examining the roles and abilities of each individual in order to ensure the placement of the right person in the right position.

By doing so, we aim to enhance the competitiveness of the Company and its organizations.

In addition, Toyota is leveraging its strength in promoting innovation rallying all employees and management to transform into a mobility company.

To enhance the effectiveness of this comprehen sive effort, we are striving to enhance communica tion, including holding labor management talks throughout the year, and fostering a culture in which diverse human resources actively participate.

Toyota believes that a diverse workforce is what drives innovation.

One initiative in securing diverse human resources is the push to acquire new soft ware talent for CASE businesses.

We are building a software development struc ture of around 3,000 people at Toyota, Woven Planet, and Toyota Connected, and around 18,000 people across the entire Group, to advance software development globally.

To meet these targets, we are stepping up the hiring of software talent.

Specifically, we are expanding the rate of mid career hiring and aim to increase the proportion of software professionals among all mid career hires from 22% in FY2019 to 50% in FY2023.

In addition, we are working to create an in house development environment encompass ing the dispatch of personnel to different indus tries and parts of the supply chain.

As of 2021, we had dispatched more than 400 people to Woven Planet and other software development entities.

We plan to increase the number of partic ipants in reskilling education to 9,000 by 2025.

Toyota aims to provide safe workplaces in which all people working for Toyota can stay physically and mentally healthy and continue to play an active role.

Health and safety policies and KPIs are formu lated by the company safety and health supervis ing manager, and efforts are made at all workplaces in all regions to improve in line with these policies.

Toyota is taking measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases under the principle of plac ing the highest priority on the safety and security of our employees and their families, customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders.

Such measures include providing Company facilities for use as COVID 19 vaccination centers and dispatching doctors, medical staff, and facility operation staff to such centers to support local communities.

Based on the principle of putting health first, Toyota’s health initiatives are focused on preven tion, including the promotion of lifestyle disease prevention, mental health, and improvements to create more fulfilling, employee friendly work environments.

Based on a policy of promoting health through mutual awareness raising and the establishment and enhancement of a safety focused work culture, Toyota implements activities based on the three pil lars of safe people, safe work, and safe places envi ronments.

Toyota promotes safety and health activities rooted in each worksite, aiming to ultimate ly reach and maintain zero accidents at all worksites.

Leaders who take the initiative to always demonstrate a safety first attitude are the foundation of people based efforts.

Safety education programs are aimed at developing safety oriented human resources based on the experiences of our predecessors while reflecting changes in operations, encouraging us to review our daily awareness and behavior.

Equipment related measures are implemented in order of priority, as work environments are significantly affected by the production equip ment used, season, and other such factors.

Toyota proactively undertakes social contribution activities that support sustainable social prosperi ty, joining forces with stakeholders and effectively drawing on its resources to develop personnel who will lead the next generation and help solve social issues.

We approach issues in specific areas with a sense of ownership and take action on a Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands on experi ence) basis.

We work together with partners who share our aspirations for the future to address issues that are difficult to solve by ourselves.

We have identified the areas that we will focus on: contribution to a harmonious society, human capital development 3 and community co creation, as well as Mobility for All, which is Toyota’s aim in its main business.

In these areas, we take concrete action based on the kind of future we want and thereby contribute to the reali zation of the Sustainable Development Goals.

Example of initiatives Social contribution programs (in the areas of harmonious society, human capital develop ment, and community co creation).

Promotion of employee volunteer activities Support of activities undertaken by NPOs, NGOs, etc. (donations and sponsorship).

Activities to promote the understanding of auto mobile culture and Toyota corporate culture.

The sum of the components does not equal 100%, because major subsidiaries’ results have been converted to yen based on the average exchange rate for FY2022 and rounded to the nearest whole number.

Amid a period of tremendous change in the con ditions and priorities of the automotive industry, including the push toward carbon neutrality and CASE, Toyota is constantly taking on new chal lenges and has been working to reinforce its risk management structure to handle the correspond ing increase in uncertainty.

Toyota has appointed a Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Deputy Chief Risk Officer (DCRO) charged with global risk manage ment.

The CRO and DCRO are working to pre vent and mitigate the impact of risks that could arise in Toyota’s global business activities.

Beneath the CRO and DCRO are Regional CROs appointed to handle risk management in specific regions.

At head office departments (such as Accounting and Purchasing), risk management by function is assigned to chief officers and risk managers of individual divisions, while at in house companies, risk management by product is assigned to the company presidents and risk managers of individual divisions.

This structure enables coordination and cooperation between the regional head offices and sections.

In preparation for large scale disasters, such as earthquakes and floods, Toyota formulates Business Continuity Plans (BCPs) for the rapid res toration of business operations using limited resources.

Toyota works to constantly improve the practical effectiveness of its BCPs through the implementation of a PDCA cycle, including training.

These activities constitute our Business Continuity Management (BCM), promoted through coordina tion among employees and their families, Toyota Group companies and suppliers, and Toyota.

Through this process of BCP formulation and review, we aim to develop risk resilient organiza tions, workplaces, and individuals.

Since the Great East Japan Earthquake, we have worked with suppliers in each country and region to build a disaster resilient supply chain by sharing supply chain information and implementing disaster readiness measures to ensure prompt initial response and early recovery.

Toyota seeks to achieve sustainable financial performance through the Toyota Production System (TPS) and cost reduction and is commit ted to its responsibility to making appropriate tax payments as the most basic form of social contri bution in the communities in which it operates.

The Guiding Principles at Toyota state that Toyota shall honor the language and spirit of the law of every country and region, and undertake open and fair business activities to be a strong corporate citi zen of the world.

Toyota believes that by adhering to this principle in its actions, it can fulfill its corpo rate social responsibility and ensure compliance.

The Toyota Code of Conduct outlines the basic frame of mind that all Toyota personnel should adopt.

It sets forth concrete guidelines to assist them in upholding the Guiding Principles at Toyota and doing their part to ensure that Toyota carries out its corporate social responsibility.

A booklet containing the Toyota Code of Conduct is distrib uted to all employees, including seconded and dispatched employees, as part of efforts to ensure compliance.

To promote compliance awareness from top management down to each individual employee, Toyota implements a variety of compli ance education initiatives.

Toyota adopted the Anti bribery Guidelines for internal divisions and business partners in 2012 to promote the eradication of bribery and corruption.

In line with the Guidelines, we strive to prevent bribery and corruption.

Toyota’s Speak Up Hotline enables quick and appropriate responses to workplace and work related concerns, complaints, or questions that employees and other relevant parties may have.

We promote awareness of the hotline using the Company intranet and various other media.

Consultations can be submitted through a law firm, the Company website, email, telephone, or other means.

For topics related to employees or workplaces, the hotline is also open to third par ties, including employees’ family members and business partners, in addition to employees.

The content of a consultation is investigated with care to ensure that hotline users who wish to remain anonymous cannot be identified.

If the results of the investigation indicate an issue, a response is implemented immediately.

Every year, we implement checks, including at global subsidiaries, to enhance compliance.

Fields to be checked are selected by assessing risk lev els and importance to Toyota.

In FY2022, checks were carried out to examine compliance with the Antimonopoly Law, bribery corruption prevention, compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and other top ics.

Issues or matters requiring improvement iden tified through checks are incorporated into the next fiscal year’s action plans to ensure ongoing improvement and engagement.

On March 4, 2022, consolidated subsidiary Hino Motors, Ltd. confirmed and publicly gave public notice of past misconduct related to its applica tions for certification concerning the emissions and fuel economy performance of its vehicle engines for the Japanese market.

A special inves tigation committee consisting of independent out side experts commissioned by Hino investigated the matter and found that the misconduct was longstanding.

In September 2022, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism issued a correction order and revoked the type approval for engine models found to be noncom pliant with emission performance standards.

In October 2022, Hino submitted a Recurrence Prevention Report to the Ministry and published a plan for reforms to ensure that such misconduct does not occur again.

We believe that the source of the problem was deep rooted shortcomings in Hino’s corporate culture.

Management did not fully understand or appreciate the front line situation and misplaced management priorities by neglecting the develop ment of compliance awareness and establish ment of a sound culture while pursuing the expansion of revenue and sales.

In this context, Hino lost sight of its approach to vehicle manu facturing.

Going forward, Hino will implement the planned reforms throughout the company and continuously improve and strengthen its efforts through periodic reviews in conjunction with out side experts.

We believe that these measures will not pro duce immediate results, so Hino must make per sistent and continuous efforts over time to be reborn as a company worthy of the trust of its stakeholders.

Toyota will continue supporting Hino so that the measures announced will be effective.

Specifically, Toyota will support Hino in areas and operations where it can, including work related to engine certification for light duty trucks, as the company has requested.

Furthermore, Toyota will share its accumulated know how with Hino in such areas as responding to suppliers affected by the issue.

The Toyota Group regards legal compliance as the foundation of management.

We will spare no effort to regain the trust of customers and to pre vent recurrences.

Directors, concurrently serves as an Operating Officer (President).

Jan. 2002 Research Scientist of Carnegie Mellon University Jan. 2005 Assistant Professor of Carnegie Mellon University Jan. 2008 Associate Professor of Carnegie Mellon University Sep. 2009 Research Scientist of Google Inc. Jul.

Jan. 2021 Toyota Research Institute Advanced Development, Inc. changed its corporate name to Woven Core, Inc. and was reorganized into the Woven Planet Group.

Audit Supervisory Board Office Internal Audit Dept.

Toyota System Supply Digital Transformation Promotion Dept.

FY2022 Financial Highlights (Consolidated) The second of each pair of figures is the year on year change.

There are a limited number of exceptional cases in which sales are made other than in accordance with the flowchart above.

A discussion of these and other factors which may affect Toyota’s actual results, performance, achievements, or finan cial position is contained in Toyota’s annual report on Form 20 F, which is on file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

This report contains forward looking statements that reflect Toyota’s plans and expectations.

These forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause Toyota’s actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements, or financial position expressed or implied by these forward looking statements.