Act With Purpose 
for a Better World

2022

Environmental, Social,  
and Governance Report

Progress is a journey 
and we’re well on 
our way

As a global supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services, Lam’s technology is at the 
core of the semiconductor industry’s most exciting innovations. To ensure a sustainable future 
as we help transform the world with technology, we aspire to incorporate environmental, 
social, and governance (ESG) principles into everything we do. 

From the way we power our global operations to our approach to designing next-generation 
products, we remain dedicated to our pursuit of a better world. With this report, we are proud  
to share impactful stories and data that demonstrate our ESG progress throughout 2022.1

Contents

Introduction

CEO message ................................................................................1

Lam’s global edge ....................................................................... 2

Financial overview ...................................................................... 3

Living our Core Values .............................................................4

Our vision for a future of accelerated innovation ...... 5

Building momentum to achieve our ESG goals ...........6

2022 ESG scores and recognitions ................................... 7

Business and governance

Highlights ........................................................................................9

Our ESG approach ................................................................... 10

Leading with accountability ................................................. 11

Engaging our global stakeholders ................................... 12

Building an ethical culture ................................................... 13

Protecting data and intellectual property .................... 15

Engaging policymakers and complying 

   with global taxation ............................................................. 16

1 Unless stated otherwise, the data in this report reflect our performance as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Product innovation

Highlights ...................................................................................... 18

Creating our most efficient and sustainable  

   generation of products ...................................................... 19

Bringing our Tech Vision to life ......................................... 20

Developing sustainable solutions ................................... 24

Giving our customers a market edge ............................ 25

Delivering safe, high-quality products .......................... 26

Responsible supply chain

Highlights ..................................................................................... 56

Our strategy for mutual success.......................................57

Advancing climate action together ................................ 60

Upholding human rights ....................................................... 61

Ensuring responsible sourcing of minerals ................. 61

Cultivating a diverse supply chain ................................... 61

Collaborating toward ESG progress .............................. 62

Sustainable operations

Our communities

Highlights ..................................................................................... 28

Advancing our net zero roadmap .................................... 29

Optimizing energy ................................................................... 33

Accelerating water savings ................................................ 35

Maximizing value by minimizing waste ........................ 36

Our workplace

Highlights ......................................................................................41

Engaging and developing our people ........................... 42

Shaping an inclusive culture .............................................. 46

Keeping our employees safe .............................................. 53

Highlights ..................................................................................... 64

Powering breakthroughs together ................................. 65

Transformative learning ....................................................... 66

Resilient communities ........................................................... 68

Inclusive societies ................................................................... 69
Turning employees’ passion into action ...................... 70

Resources

About this report ...................................................................... 73

Assurance letter ....................................................................... 74

Additional information .......................................................... 82

Cautionary statement ........................................................... 83

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

1

Building a responsible, sustainable 
trillion-dollar industry

A MESSAGE 
FROM OUR CEO

Over the last 20 years alone, semiconductors have changed 
how we work, learn, and connect. And today, change is once 
again upon us. Artificial intelligence is becoming pervasive 
at rapid speed, and society is already adjusting. The next 
decade is expected to bring even more opportunities with 
the age of machine learning and the metaverse, in which the 
physical world will merge with an immersive virtual world. 

Growing to a trillion-dollar industry will also require a strong 
pipeline of STEM talent. To support that, Lam pledged to 
donate $10 million to the nonprofit FIRST® Global to help 
bring science and technology education to youth around the 
globe. With this partnership, we are creating opportunities 
for continuous discoveries, and ultimately inspiring the next 
generation of innovators. 

The growth of new technologies means more demand for 
chips, and the semiconductor industry will play a critical 
role in shaping the future. But greater opportunity also 
means greater responsibility: If the semiconductor industry 
is expected to grow to $1 trillion within the decade, ESG will 
play an even more important role in building a responsible 
and sustainable industry. 

While it is expected that the industry will almost double in 
size, it’s imperative our impact on the environment doesn’t 
increase at the same rate. At Lam, we have set a goal to 
achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030 and net zero by 
2050, and we have defined the key milestones to get there. 
In 2022, we became the first U.S.-based semiconductor 
equipment manufacturer to have its near-term emission 
reduction targets approved by the Science Based Targets 
initiative.1 Additionally, in 2022, we exceeded our 2025  
water savings goal. 

We are also committed to ensuring human rights across 
our operations and supply chains. That’s why we recently 
published a human rights policy that affirms and expands 
upon our ongoing commitment to upholding internationally 
recognized human rights standards. 

At Lam, we recognize the value of collaboration, so while we 
are focused on our own progress, we are also working across 
the industry—and the broader business community—to build 
a responsible and sustainable semiconductor ecosystem. 

Lam joined the UN Global Compact, the world’s largest 
sustainability initiative, with an ambition for businesses to 
take shared responsibility for achieving a better world. We 
also worked with industry leaders to form the Semiconductor 
Climate Consortium, a new partnership with SEMI to 
accelerate the industry’s response to climate change. We 
are working across our supply chain, with a goal to increase 

1 Our 2030 emissions reduction goal was validated in 2022 and was subsequently restated in 2023 in alignment with SBTi.

supplier engagement and assess their performance on 
human rights and climate action. We are also engaging 
closely with our customers because we know their use 
of our tools impacts their sustainability goals. Through 
our Semiverse™ Solutions, we are bringing our industry 
into the virtual space, improving the sustainability of our 
work, and creating new ways to build the next generation 
of the workforce quickly and efficiently. 

It’s clear that semiconductors have revolutionized 
the world, and as we continue to innovate the next 
generation of technology breakthroughs, we must do 
it in a sustainable way—for our customers, employees, 
communities, stockholders, and the planet. None of us can 
succeed alone, so let’s build the future we want together.

Tim Archer
president and chief executive officer

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

2

For decades, Lam Research has 
been challenging assumptions 
and pushing the boundaries of 
semiconductor technology. 

We create solutions that enable chipmakers to power progress— 
always thinking ahead to ask, what’s next?

Lam’s global edge1

14

primary locations, including:
Fremont, California
headquarters

11

manufacturing facilities

6

research & development labs 

19,200+ global employees, 
distributed across: 

 50.2%  United States

 20.1%   Southeast Asia & India

  8.5%   South Korea

  6.3%   Taiwan

  6.2%   Europe

  5.9%   China

  2.8%   Japan

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data.

Tualatin and 
Sherwood, OR
Manufacturing  
and labs

Springfield and 
Eaton, OH
Silicon component 
manufacturing

Villach, Austria
Manufacturing  
and labs

Osan,  
Hwaseong-si, and 
Yongin, Korea
Manufacturing  
and labs 

Fremont and 
Livermore, CA
Headquarters, 
manufacturing,  
and labs 

1 Unless stated otherwise, the data in this report are as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Taoyuan City 
and Tainan City, 
Taiwan
Manufacturing  
and lab

Bengaluru, 
India
Lab

Batu Kawan, 
Malaysia
Manufacturing 
site

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

3

Financial overview1

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PERCENTAGES  
AND PER SHARE DATA)

Revenue

Gross margin

FY 2020

FY 2021

FY 2022

$10,044,736 

$14,626,150 

$17,227,039 

$4,608,693 

$6,805,306 

$7,871,807 

 CHANGE   
FY 21 TO FY 22

17.8%

15.7%

Gross margin as a percent of total revenue

45.9%

46.5%

45.7%

(0.8)%

Total operating expenses

$1,934,891 

$2,323,283 

$2,489,985 

Research and development (R&D) expenses2

$1,252,412

$1,493,408

$1,604,248

R&D as a percent of operating expenses

64.7%

64.3%

64.4%

Net income

$2,251,753 

$3,908,458 

$4,605,286 

Net income per diluted share

$15.10 

$26.90 

$32.75 

7.2%

7.4%

0.1%

17.8%

21.7%

Revenue by region 
FY 2022

China 31%

Korea 23% 

Taiwan 17%

Japan 9%

United States 8%

Southeast Asia 8%

Europe 4%

1 This fiscal year data indicates our performance through the following periods: 2020 is for fiscal year ending June 28, 2020; 2021 is for fiscal year ending June 27, 2021; 2022 is for the fiscal year ending June 26, 2022.

2R&D expenses are included in total operating expenses.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

4

Living our Core Values 

Our Core Values are the bedrock on which Lam’s culture is 
built. They help us cultivate an environment where we can 
come together to do our best work. These values are ingrained 
in our daily operations and our efforts to propel sustainable 
growth, from the way we design new products to how we 
engage with our stakeholders and teams.

Achievement

Agility

Honesty and integrity

Inclusion and diversity

Innovation and 
continuous improvement

Mutual trust and 
respect

Open 
communication

Ownership and 
accountability

Teamwork

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

5

Our vision for a future of 
accelerated innovation

To bolster innovation we must first address and identify common barriers. Within the 
semiconductor industry, those barriers can include research and communication silos  
that keep us working apart. By sharing knowledge and insights more widely, we can  
unlock solutions for a smarter, faster, more sustainable world. 

Here’s how we’re collaborating internally and externally to realize new opportunities for what our industry can achieve:

Collaborating with customers 
to reduce our industry’s 
environmental impact by 
developing tools (the products 
we make) and processes with 
sustainability in mind

Teaming up with 
industry leaders  
to break down research 
and development silos, 
advocate for our business 
and stakeholders, and 
advance climate action 

Coaching and  
investing in startups  
to help them grow and bring 
transformative technologies and 
sustainable solutions to scale   

Collaborating internally  
by participating in cross-
functional teams, sharing 
data-based insights, 
knowledge, and best 
practices

Engaging suppliers  
to support them in their own 
environmental and social efforts, 
such as driving human rights 
programs and environmentally 
sustainable material sourcing

Partnering with universities 
and academic consortia  
to support and solicit advanced 
research on the industry’s most 
pressing challenges

Empowering employees 
through employee resource 
groups, volunteerism, and 
other programs that leverage 
employees’ passions to drive 
positive change 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

6

Building momentum to 
achieve our ESG goals

As we progress in each of Lam’s ESG pillars, our goals keep us focused and accountable. In 2022, we 
made important strides, including surpassing our water goal years ahead of schedule. We also received 
approval from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for our near-term emissions-reduction goals.1 
Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 

ESG PILLAR

Governance

•  Continue to expand our disclosure and alignment with industry-recognized frameworks and standards

GOAL

STATUS

TIMEFRAME

Product innovation

•  83% of customers measured by emissions set science-based targets (SBTs)2

Achieve net zero emissions by 2050 by meeting the following targets:
•  Achieve 100% renewable electricity by 20303
•  Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25% by 2025 and 60.6% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.  

Sustainable 
operations

By 2040, achieve net zero operations4

•  Achieve 12 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) in total energy savings from a 2019 baseline

•  Achieve zero waste to landfill for hazardous waste

•  Achieve 17 million gallons of water savings (15%) in water-stressed regions from a 2019 baseline

Workplace

•  Maintain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable injury rate at or below 0.4 annually

•  Build on our high-performance culture with best-in-class employee engagement at the global benchmark as measured by our annual employee survey

Responsible  
supply chain

Community

•  Increase the proportion of women (globally) and underrepresented employees (U.S.) across the company

•  Achieve more than 90% compliance with our social and environmental expectations across our top-tier suppliers

•  Engage with at least 50% of our top-tier suppliers on environmental sustainability opportunities

•  Increase engagement with all suppliers on social and environmental topics through assessment, training, and capacity building

•  46.5% of suppliers measured by emissions will set SBTs5

•  Determine key targets for larger-scale impact aligned to a new strategic focus

•  Implement measurement of outcomes for key program and large-scale grants

•  Increase annual unique participation rate in all employee giving programs from 10% to 30%

•  Increase employee volunteer hours by 33% from a 2019 baseline

1 Our 2030 goal was validated in 2022 and was subsequently restated in 2023 in alignment with SBTi.
2 Previously, this goal targeted SBTs for 83% of customers measured by revenue by 2025. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.
3 Previously, this goal targeted 100% renewable energy by 2030. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process. 
4 Previously, the 2030 goal targeted a 46% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Due to a previously unidentified source of Scope 1 emissions, Lam worked with SBTi to update our 2019 emissions inventory and restate our 2030 goal.
5 Previously, this goal targeted SBTs for 80% of top direct suppliers by spend by 2025 and 95% by 2030. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Annual

Cumulative from baseline

Annual

Cumulative from baseline

Cumulative from baseline

Annual

Cumulative from baseline

Annual

Annual

Annual

Annual

Annual

Annual

Cumulative from baseline

Annual

Annual

Cumulative from baseline

Cumulative from baseline

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

7

2022 ESG scores and recognitions

KEY INDEX

BEST POSSIBLE RANKING

2020

Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America1

Listing indicates top 20% sustainability performance

Unlisted

CDP Climate Change questionnaire

CDP Water Security questionnaire

A

A

ISS ESG Corporate Rating

Excellence (A+)

MSCI USA

AAA

Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating

Negligible (0)

1 Recognizes the top 20% of sustainability performers among the largest 600 U.S. and Canadian companies in the S&P Global Broad Market Index.

B

B

C

AA

17

2021

Listed

B

B

C

AA

2022

Listed

B

B

C

AAA

14.7 low risk

13.4 low risk

CORPORATE RECOGNITIONS

WORKPLACE AND INDUSTRY RECOGNITIONS

•  Institutional Investor—Top ranking for semiconductor 

industry by Sell-Side analysts for:

 – ESG: #3

 – Company Board: #3

 – Chief executive officer: #2 (awarded to Tim Archer)

 – Chief financial officer: #2 (awarded to Doug Bettinger) 

 – Investor Relations (IR) Team: #3

 – IR Professional: #2 (awarded to Ram Ganesh)

 – IR Program: #3

CUSTOMER RECOGNITIONS

•  Intel—EPIC Outstanding Supplier Award with supplier  

diversity distinction

•  Micron

 – Outstanding Performance in Front End Capital  

 – Outstanding Performance in Supplier Diversity 

•  Samsung’s “Collaboration Award”

•  TSMC—Excellent Performance Award for Excellent 

Technology Collaboration

•  Forbes

 – America’s Best-in-State Employers Oregon: #1

 – World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies: #219

 – World’s Best Employers: #555

 – America’s Best Employers: #29

•  Fortune

 – Fortune 500: #250

 – World’s Most Admired Companies: #6 in the semiconductor industry

•  Human Rights Campaign Foundation—2022 Best Places to Work for  

LGBTQ+ Equality

•  JUST 100—151st overall and 10th in the semiconductor industry

•  Newsweek—America’s Most Responsible Companies: #20

•  Silicon Valley Business Journal—2022 Community Impact Award

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

8

Business and governance

IN THIS SECTION:

  9  Highlights

 10  Our ESG approach

 11  Leading with accountability

 12  Engaging our global stakeholders

 13  Building an ethical culture

 15  Protecting data and intellectual property

 16 

 Engaging policymakers and  
complying with global taxation

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

9

We strive to 
integrate ESG 
principles into 
everything we do.

Lam’s business enables transformative technologies 

that shape the ways we live and work. Our impact can 

be felt throughout our company and value chain and 

by society at large. In our quest for semiconductor 

breakthroughs, we hold ourselves to the highest 

standards of responsible and ethical conduct. When 

the road ahead seems uncertain, our Core Values and 

robust corporate governance program guide us to do 

what’s right.

We strive to model sustainable best practices within 

our organization while catalyzing global change.  

In 2022, we focused on leading with accountability 

and strengthening Lam’s ethical culture. We 

proudly developed our first Human Rights Policy 

and celebrated our inaugural Ethics & Compliance 

(E&C) Week. As the year came to a close, we joined 

thousands of participants working to enhance 

corporate sustainability through the United  

Nations Global Compact (UNGC). 

Governance1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

Continue to expand our disclosure and 
alignment with industry-recognized 
frameworks and standards

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

•  Our efforts to increase disclosure raised our 

ratings and rankings with third parties

Developed a new 
global Human 
Rights Policy

Celebrated our first 
Ethics & Compliance 
Week

Joined the  
UN Global 
Compact

Conducted an in-depth 
ESG materiality 
assessment

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

10

Our ESG approach 

Our ESG strategy supports the success of Lam’s business 

as we act with purpose for a better world. It provides a 

framework for meaningful investments, proactive risk 

management, and globally focused action. Our approach 

emphasizes engagement, goal setting, and accountability. 

We aspire to continuously increase transparency and 

disclosure, in line with industry-recognized frameworks, 

best practices, and standards. 

Our ESG strategy consists of six pillars that reflect areas 

where Lam can make a significant positive impact. These 

pillars include:

ESG pillars

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

OUR WORKPLACE

Integrate ESG into our business operations 
and foster ownership and accountability as we 
advance our ESG strategy and goals.

Build an inclusive, diverse, and engaged 
workplace while achieving top performance 
in health and safety.

PRODUCTS AND CUSTOMERS

Innovate with ESG in mind and design for 
environment principles to be a partner of choice 
for our customers and support their ESG goals.

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

Minimize our environmental impact through 
investments in energy, water, waste, and GHG 
emissions reductions.

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

Ensure an ethical and responsible business 
ecosystem focused on human rights and  
the environment.

OUR COMMUNITIES

Be a responsible corporate citizen with 
programs focusing on transformative learning, 
resilient communities, and inclusive societies.

Aligning our strategy with the UNGC and United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 

The SDGs represent an international effort to tackle the 

world’s most pressing issues. As global citizens, we see the 

Lam is dedicated to the development, implementation, and 

disclosure of responsible business practices—qualities that 

are championed by the UNGC. Based on this alignment, we 

joined the UNGC in 2022 to underscore our commitment 

to accelerating ESG progress on a global scale. The 

organization is the world’s largest corporate sustainability 
initiative, with tens of thousands of participants worldwide. 

As a member, Lam supports the UNGC’s Ten Principles  

for labor, environment, anti-corruption, and human rights, 

as well as the advancement of the UN’s SDGs.

framework of the SDGs as another method of measuring 

Lam’s progress and ensuring our ESG initiatives serve 

the greater good. We aim to drive progress on the SDGs 

throughout Lam’s operations and supply chain, including 

through our workforce, our products, and our new social 

impact platform. Learn how Lam is working to accelerate 
progress toward priority SDGs.

Learn more about our ESG strategy

Our ESG mission
We elevate human prosperity and 
protect the environment in our 
operations, supply chain, and the 
products we create.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

11

Leading with accountability

Lam’s Board of Directors (Board) and leaders are 
committed to strong corporate governance to deliver 
stakeholder benefits over the long term. We have 
processes in place for ESG governance, which extend 
throughout our organization and lead all the way up to  
our Board. These processes establish clear 
responsibilities for the oversight, management, and 
implementation of our ESG strategy. 

In 2022, we deepened our Board’s engagement around 
ESG issues and increased the cadence of our leaders’ ESG 
briefings. Our chief communications officer presents  
ESG updates via presentations or written reports to the 

Board or its Nominating & Governance Committee 
four times per year. Additionally, our vice president 
of global trade and government affairs (GTGA) 
now briefs the Board’s Nominating & Governance 
Committee at each of its meetings. We also tied 
our executive compensation program to progress 
on Lam’s ESG goals to ensure that Lam’s executive 
leaders are accountable for driving ESG progress 
and are rewarded for their achievements. Human 
capital management and ESG goals represented 
20% of the corporate scorecard used as part  
of the determination of the annual incentive 
compensation for our named executive officers.1

1  Refers to our named executive officers for our fiscal year ended June 26, 2022, which was the fiscal year during which annual incentive program payouts for calendar year 2021 were  

made, as determined in accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

ESG governance at Lam

Lam Research Board of Directors
Overall ESG oversight

Nominating and 
Governance Committee

Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee

Audit 
Committee

ESG priorities

Workforce-related issues

Ethics and compliance and 
information security

ESG Executive Steering Committee

Guides ESG strategy, approves and supports initiatives, drives accountability

ESG Leadership Team

Net Zero Leadership Team

Proposes goals, develops and  
executes strategy, and embeds ESG into 
operations management system

Drives progress towards net zero goal 
and embeds net zero into operations 
management system

Topic-Specific 
Working Groups

Execute on key issues

I

T
H
G
S
R
E
V
O

T
N
E
M
E
G
A
N
A
M

I

N
O
T
A
T
N
E
M
E
L
P
M

I

Celebrating the legacy 
of Catherine P. Lego’s 
leadership at Lam

In 2022, Lam announced the retirement of 
Catherine P. Lego, who served on our Board 
for more than 16 years. Throughout her 
tenure, she was a chair or member of each 
of the Board’s committees. She has also 
served on other boards over a span of more 
than 30 years, including for several other 
semiconductor and technology companies.

Chairman of the Board Abhijit Y. Talwalkar 
stated, “Always highly engaged and 
thoughtful in her guidance, Cathy's 
understanding of the semiconductor industry, 
commitment to accountability, and drive for 
continuous improvement enabled her to make 
an incredible and lasting impact at Lam.”

Learn more about: 
our ESG governance 
program

our Board diversity 
metrics

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

12

Engaging our 
global stakeholders 

The semiconductor industry is dynamic, presenting new 
challenges and opportunities each day. Through regular 
engagement, we stay informed of the issues that matter 
most to our communities, customers, employees, industry 
organizations, policymakers, stockholders, and other 
stakeholders. We tailor our engagement approach to each 
group, connecting through activities such as industry 
forums, meetings, and community events.

Learn more about our approach 
to stakeholder engagement

Ensuring a focused approach: 
What we learned from our 
latest materiality assessment 

An effective ESG strategy can’t remain stagnant—it must 
be agile to address issues as our business, industry, and 
world evolve. With that in mind, Lam conducts in-depth 
ESG materiality1 assessments every three to five years or 
whenever there’s a notable shift in our industry and business. 
During this process, we engage a diverse group of internal 
and external stakeholders, whose insights help guide and 
affirm Lam’s ESG approach.  

We conducted our latest assessment in 2022, using a double 
materiality methodology in line with guidance from the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). We reviewed topics that 
are aligned with a variety of standards, frameworks, and 
rating entities and narrowed them down to identify topics 
that have the greatest relevance to our business (such as 

risk mitigation, market presence, innovation, and reputation). 
In total, we engaged more than 50 global stakeholders, 
including internal subject matter experts, customers, 
investors, suppliers, trade associations, and community 
organizations. Through surveys and interactive interviews, 
participants rated ESG topics based on their importance and 
potential internal and external impacts. We also integrated 
results from an ESG materiality employee survey to further 
incorporate our employees’ perspectives. 

Based on the results, we identified the following topics 
as being most impactful and strategically important to 
Lam’s ESG program: climate strategy, product stewardship, 
employee fulfillment, inclusion and diversity, supplier 
engagement and environmental performance, and leadership 
accountability. Other ESG topics indicated on the matrix—
such as corporate governance, ethics, labor practices, human 
rights, and community engagement—are also key to our 
success and are foundational to our business. Within this 
ESG report, we discuss the majority of the topics identified 

through the assessment. 

2022 ESG materiality matrix

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
s
o
t
e
c
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

Transparency, 
reporting, and 
disclosure

Energy sourcing and 
consumption

Leadership engagement 
and accountability

Supplier 
environmental 
performance

Supplier 
engagement and 
assessment

Climate strategy and 
emissions management

Product stewardship and design for environment

Diversity, equity, and inclusion 

Employee fulfillment and retention

Sustainable procurement and supply chain resilience

ESG integration in business strategy

Customer engagement and product safety

Privacy, data, and cybersecurity

Labor practices and human rights

Occupational health and safety

Business ethics and anti-corruption

Waste management and recycling

Water management

Responsible corporate governance

Innovation 
and industry 
leadership

Community engagement

Biodiversity

1 The identification of a topic or other matter as "material" for purposes of this report does not and should not be interpreted to mean that it is material for any other purpose, including for the purpose of our 
financial statements or the documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Impact to and from Lam

 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

13

Building an ethical culture 

Do the right thing. The concept sounds simple but putting 

our culture of integrity by forming our first regional E&C 

it into practice requires both dedication and awareness 

Steering Committee in Malaysia, which supports local 

of how to react when challenges arise. This is work we’re 

compliance objectives as well as the agenda of our global 

committed to, as we know it’s fundamental to maintaining 

E&C Steering Committee. We also launched a global 

strong internal and external relationships based on honesty, 

Ethics Ambassador program for which we selected and 

integrity, and trust. Our Global Standards of Business 

trained employees outside of E&C about promoting an 

Conduct (GSBC) supports our Core Values and details 

ethical culture and driving progress on our initiatives in our 

the behavior we expect of every employee. The GSBC is a 

ambassadors’ respective business units and regions. 

Hosting Lam’s E&C Week

In October, Lam hosted its first-ever E&C Week, which 

focused on raising awareness of E&C resources, recognizing 

and celebrating ethical behavior, and reinforcing our ethical 

values and culture. We connected with employees by holding 

regional town halls with global leaders and members of 

our E&C team. We also shared a video in which CEO staff 

members discussed the importance of our Core Values and 

building an ethical culture. Employees nominated colleagues 

for our inaugural Ethics Award, where we celebrated doing 

cornerstone of our E&C program, which is designed to meet 

evolving global requirements. 

Our global E&C team works to promote an organization-wide 

culture of ethics and compliance. The team is led by our chief 

the right thing.

Our E&C program is further strengthened by Lam’s 

compliance officer (CCO), who manages our E&C function. 

E&C Steering Committee, which provides strategic and 

The CCO reports to Lam’s chief legal officer and has  

operational guidance. In 2022, the E&C team enhanced 

dotted-line reporting to the Board’s Audit Committee.

Program focus areas: 

RISK MANAGEMENT

COMMUNICATION

INVESTIGATIONS 

POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES

TRAINING

Compliance at Lam is both a strategic enablement and 
risk management function that focuses on innovation 
and setting new boundaries. We continue to make 
investments in people, technology, and resources to 
support this vision. Our program is based on Lam’s Core 
Values, which sit at the heart of everything that we do.” 

Sangeet Dalliwall
senior director, E&C at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

14

Risk management

Communication

2022 GSBC TRAINING HIGHLIGHTS

Assessing internal and external risk on an ongoing basis  

Open communication is a Core Value at Lam and is key to 

is essential for Lam's long-term success. As we face 

building a successful E&C program. We distribute global 

challenges related to our growing global footprint and 

bulletins and regional newsletters that focus on relevant 

a shifting regulatory landscape, this work is key to the 

topics so our employees can recognize and respond 

continuity and resilience of our business. 

appropriately to potential compliance risks and ethical 

issues. On a quarterly basis, people managers receive 

With this in mind, we further operationalized our E&C global 

tailored communications on trending E&C risk areas in  

risk assessment program in 2022 by conducting a focused 

a company newsletter. We also use multiple channels to 

risk assessment; enhancing our third-party risk management 

solicit employee feedback, including deploying surveys  

program; implementing a gifts, meals, travel, and entertainment 

and conducting employee focus groups after delivering  

monitoring program; and conducting manager workshops.

in-person and virtual training. Our leadership team plays an 

Policies and procedures

Lam is committed to fair and humane employment practices 

as a core business principle. In 2022, we developed and 

published our first corporate-wide Human Rights Policy, 

which underscores our commitment to respecting human 

important role in raising awareness about our E&C program. 

In 2022, several of our global leaders participated in town 

halls and employee meetings to discuss and reinforce the 

importance of building on Lam’s ethical culture.

Training 

rights and treating our workers and business partners  

Our training program equips and empowers our employees 

99%

employee completion rate1

100+

in-person and virtual targeted training 
sessions to leadership teams and 
employees in higher risk roles covering 
E&C policies and procedures

Investigations

with dignity and respect. Our policy aligns with several 

to make ethical and compliant decisions. We deliver training 

Lam’s E&C team can’t be everywhere, so we rely on 

internationally recognized standards, including the Universal 

to increase awareness of our policies and processes through 

employees to speak up if something doesn’t seem right. All 

Declaration of Human Rights, the UN’s Guiding Principles on 

Human Rights, and the Responsible Business Alliance Code of 

a combination of in-person and virtual sessions and online 
training modules, which we refresh each year. Lam requires 

Lam employees have the right and responsibility to raise 

ethical concerns to their managers, senior management, 

Conduct. Looking ahead, we intend to build on this policy by 

employees to complete annual training that reinforces their 

human resources, or the E&C team. Employees and third 

developing and implementing a formal human rights program.

understanding of selected topics within the GSBC.  

parties—including contractors, suppliers, and customers—

We rolled out additional manager resources and mandatory 

or online. 

can make a report through our Ethics Helpline via telephone 

ethical leadership training for our people managers in 2022. 

Our newly created manager resource center provides our 

people managers with practical guidance for identifying 

and handling ethical challenges. We also held in-person 

manager workshops to provide tips and tools to our 

managers to encourage ethical behavior and support 

employees who raise concerns.

Learn more about our  
Ethics Helpline and 
approach to investigations

1 Employee completion rate was calculated by excluding: 1) employees who were on leave of absence during the reporting period; and 2) employees who left the company during the reporting period before completing the training. The reporting period was from Oct. 2022 to March 2023.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

15

Protecting data and  
intellectual property 

As we fuel our innovation pipeline, we are committed to keeping the intellectual property 

and data of our company, employees, customers, and suppliers safe. Lam holds International 

Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 certification for information security at our corporate 

headquarters and engages an independent, third-party expert to evaluate security capabilities 

against the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework 

(CSF). As we continued to mature our information security processes in 2022, we improved our 

scores across the five pillars of the NIST CSF: identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover.

Learn more about our  
information security program

INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT

Mindful care of our 
valuable assets

In an industry facing unprecedented supply chain pressures, 

balancing the need for business agility and security can be a 

challenge. One employee who understands this well is Nivedita 

(Niv) Kamat, a program manager with Lam’s Governance, Risk, 
and Compliance Information Security group. 

As part of Lam’s Sensitive Information Protection program, Niv 

runs an initiative to safeguard thousands of critical drawings. 

After discovering that one of the program’s safety protocols 

stood in the way of business agility, she met with several internal 

and external stakeholders to develop new processes to meet the 

program’s goals.

This led to the creation of a Supplier Tier Management 

application that enables Lam to secure its drawings while 

granting access to authorized users. Launched in 2022, with full 

implementation planned for 2023, the solution makes Lam even 

more nimble while keeping the company’s files safe and secure. 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

16

Engaging policymakers and complying with global taxation 

Our company and industry exist within a dynamic regulatory environment. Lam's Global 

Trade and Government Affairs group is responsible for Lam’s strategic engagement with 
Congress, the U.S. executive branch, and other regulatory bodies at the local, state and 

federal levels, as well as internationally, to help inform sound public policy in support of our 

industry and business. We pursue a collaborative approach to policy engagement, working 

alongside our customers, suppliers, and industry peers with a focus on the following issues:

 • Business operations
 • Export controls and trade policy

 • Research and development
 • Tax policy

Our lobbying and political activities are governed by our GSBC, as well as our Political 

Activity and Government Affairs Policy. 

Learn more about our policies and governance approach

In 2022, the GTGA group remained focused on addressing issues such as supply chain 

resiliency and trade compliance in the local economies in which we operate. The group 

played a central role in helping Lam navigate new export controls issued by the U.S. 

Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security in October. The controls 

restrict the export of advanced U.S. chipmaking equipment to the People’s Republic of 
China.1 These controls directly impact our industry and business, so the group worked 
closely with Lam’s leadership and Board to ensure a compliant, proactive response.

Externally, the GTGA group played a leading role in industry consortia to amplify 

Lam’s voice in the wafer fabrication equipment industry and larger semiconductor 

ecosystem. In November, Lam joined the Semiconductor Climate Consortium as a 

founding member to advocate for semiconductor industry climate action on a global 

scale. Lam has also established its political action committee, Leading American 

Microelectronics Political Action Committee (LAMPAC), as another means of 
engagement and advocacy. 

Ensuring compliance with global taxation

Our approach to global taxation is to comply with all legal, regulatory, and internal  

control requirements.

1Bureau of Industry and Security Office of Congressional and Public Affairs, “Commerce Implements New Export Controls on Advanced 
Computing and Semiconductor Manufacturing Items to the People’s Republic of China (PRC).”

Learn more about our approach to global taxation

Supporting U.S. semiconductor competitiveness

Recent challenges related to the pandemic, as well as geopolitical conflicts, have highlighted the 
importance of semiconductor manufacturing within the U.S. Headquartered in Fremont, California—
with manufacturing sites in California, Ohio, and Oregon—Lam has long represented the strength of 
American manufacturing and innovation on a global stage. 

In 2022, Lam’s president and CEO, Tim Archer, testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation. During the hearing, entitled “Developing Next Generation 
Technology for Innovation,” he discussed opportunities to bolster American competitiveness and 
address key challenges that industry leaders continue to face. 

He focused on three areas that could benefit from the committee’s consideration: leveraging existing 
infrastructure, such as the National Labs; enabling shared innovation, including through the establishment 
of the National Semiconductor Technology Center; and taking an “all-of-ecosystem” approach. 

U.S. leadership in semiconductor manufacturing 
technology remains strong because of the 
innovation, drive, and resourcefulness of American 
workers across the semiconductor ecosystem. 
I am proud of the role that Lam Research and 
our employees have played for more than four 
decades in setting the pace for innovation and in 
maintaining U.S. leadership in the global market.”

Tim Archer
president and CEO at Lam

Read the full 
transcript

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

17

Product innovation

IN THIS SECTION:

18  Highlights

19 

 Creating our most efficient and 
sustainable generation of products

20  Bringing our Tech Vision to life

24  Developing sustainable solutions

25  Giving our customers a market edge

26  Delivering safe, high-quality products

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

18

By collaborating  
with our industry  
and customers, we 
continue to define 
what’s next.

Every year, Lam strives to enable semiconductor breakthroughs 
that may have seemed impossible the year before. Through 
experimentation, collaboration, and rigorous testing, we 
continue to do what’s never been done. Today, advanced 
microchips shape everything from how we communicate to 
how we work and drive. The potential for future innovation is 
limitless, but we don’t plan to realize it alone. Instead, we’re 
prioritizing open communication and strategic investments 
in research and development (R&D). By embracing diverse 
perspectives, we can unlock a faster, smarter, and more 
sustainable world. 

In 2022, we sponsored and participated in numerous industry 
and university events to collectively address the semiconductor 
industry’s most pressing challenges. One highlight was our  
Tech Symposium, themed “Engineering a Greener Fab.” 
Internally, we focused on developing smarter, more efficient 
products and processes to measure and reduce the  
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions footprint of our tools.  
These efforts support sustainability in our industry.

Product innovation1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

83% of customers measured by 
emissions set science-based  
targets (SBTs)2

•  16.9% of customers as measured by emissions 

have set SBTs

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

Released three new 
products: Argos®, 
Prevos™, and Selis®

Began establishing a baseline 
to measure Lam’s product-based energy 

usage and emissions

Invested over 
$1.6 billion  
in R&D3

Opened new R&D labs 
in India and South Korea

RELEVANT SDGS

View SDG alignment 

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 

2  Previously, this goal targeted SBTs for 83% of customers measured by revenue by 2025. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi 

verification and approval process.

3 Based on Lam’s 2022 fiscal year.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

19

Creating our most efficient and sustainable generation of products

It starts by sparking sustainable 
innovations.

Understanding our product impact 
and opportunities is key.

The result: Breakthrough solutions that 
enhance performance, precision, and 
yield, including:

 • Investing in R&D—including over $1.6 billion  

 • Using Equipment Intelligence® sensors to 

measure the GHG emissions and energy usage 
of our products

 • Sense.i®: A smart solution that enables 
customers to reduce their energy and 
material and achieve a smaller fab footprint

 • Incorporating Design for Environment (DfE)

 • Argos®, Prevos™, and Selis®: Products that 

principles and designing for the entire  
product lifecycle

enable ultra-high selectivity and precision to 
facilitate the next generation of 3D devices

 • Embracing smart solutions to accelerate 

Industry 4.0

 • Coronus®: A bevel clean system that 
improves yield by up to 2% per wafer 

in 20221

 • Listening to our customers and imagining new 

ways to meet their needs 

 • Breaking down research silos and bringing 

experts together to explore big ideas

1Based on Lam’s 2022 fiscal year.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

20

Bringing our Tech 
Vision to life

Technology moves fast—and it’s not enough to just keep 

pace. At Lam, we’re determined to lead our industry into 

a future that works better for us all. Rather than taking a 

single-minded approach, we focus on bringing together 

our industry’s brightest minds. Together, we’re asking big 

questions, addressing persistent challenges, and realizing 

new opportunities for what semiconductors can do. 

Technology Vision

ACCELERATE
INNOVATION

DISCOVER
TOGETHER

REALIZE
OPPORTUNITY

Building an innovative workforce

Our work to accelerate large-scale innovation begins by 
inspiring Lam’s teams. Each year, our Office of the Chief 
Technology Officer organizes a variety of collaborative and 
innovation-focused internal events. We also make a point to 
highlight Lam employees who are driving innovation and 
providing opportunities to share their knowledge with others. 

In 2022, we continued our Celebrating Innovation campaign 
for the second year to highlight stories of innovation by 
employees in technical and non-technical roles (look for 
highlights in our Innovation Spotlights throughout this 
report). Lam’s leaders also engaged our global technological 
community through several sessions focused on our 
Core Values. Through our Seminar Series, we invited our 
engineering community to share their work and insights with 
their peers. Additionally, our Innovation Speaker and Book 
Series brought the outside world in to educate and inspire 
Lam employees. Topics featured during our 2022 Innovation 

Speaker Series include: the intersection of innovation and 
ESG, how to innovate inside bureaucracies, developing 
a culture of innovation, and innovations in additive 
manufacturining, among others.

Driving research-backed breakthroughs

As chip technology becomes radically small and almost 
inconceivably precise, the challenges we face become 
greater and more complex. We support academic 
research that provides insights into these challenges and 
opportunities for our industry to advance. By collaborating 
with leading universities around the world, we boost 
innovation and fuel our talent pipeline.

Learn more about how we're 
bringing our Tech Vision to life

Opening the doors to two new global hubs of R&D  

One way we accelerate learning and development cycles is through our investments 
in semiconductor R&D. In 2022, we opened two advanced facilities in South Korea 
and India.

Located in the heart of South Korea’s K-semiconductor cluster, the Korea 
Technology Center enables Lam engineers and customers to work side-by-side. 
Together, they can qualify new devices, processes, and yield improvements—
allowing for fewer and faster development cycles. The new location also lends itself 
to closer relationships with local suppliers, universities, and research institutions, 
and has the added environmental benefit of less travel.

Our India Center for Engineering specializes in the R&D, engineering, and testing of 
wafer fabrication hardware and software used to create next-generation memory 
and logic devices. The new facility doubles Lam’s footprint in India and supports 
shorter development cycles by enabling engineers to design, test, and validate new 
deposition and etch technologies on site. 

I see vast potential in the ability of our engineers 
to have hands-on access to Lam’s tools at the 
India Center for Engineering. This access will 
have a transformative impact on both the speed 
and the quality of the engineering solutions that 
are being developed there.” 

Sesha Varadarajan
senior vice president, Global Products Group at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

21

How we’re unlocking research-backed breakthroughs

Unlock Ideas 
provides awards to support the 
testing of novel ideas proposed by 
Lam's global technical community in 
collaboration with university faculty. In 
2022, the program sought proposals in 
categories including sustainability for 
the second year. 

University Collaboration 
Showcase 
brings Lam employees together to 
share results from our university 
research collaborations and Unlock 
Ideas projects. We hosted the event 
virtually for the third year in 2022.

Elevate Ideas 
provides additional funding and 
support to take successful Unlock 
Ideas projects to the next level. After 
piloting the program in 2021 with two 
awards, we awarded two new winners 
in 2022.

Celebrating the people who 
push technology forward
In May 2022, we held our 
Technical Awards Ceremony 
to celebrate some of the 
exemplary people behind 
Lam's technical achievements. 
We were proud to announce 
our newest Lam Research 
Fellow and present our annual 
Patented Innovation Award.

Lam Fellows advance the development of products, 
processes, and technologies that bring value to customers 
and industry year after year. Our newest fellow, John 
Drewery, has been with Lam since 2011. He has deep 
expertise in both deposition and etch, with his contributions 
in product development recognized at Lam and industrywide. 
Throughout his 25 years in the industry, he has secured  
49 patents. He is known as a passionate mentor who inspires 
future technical leaders at Lam.

Technological innovations keep Lam at the forefront of our 
industry with competitive differentiation and commercial 
success. Thus, our Patented Innovation Award recognizes 
the achievements of inventors who earn a U.S. patent for 
their breakthrough innovations. In 2022, we presented the 
award to a well-rounded team of 11 Lam inventors. Together, 
they secured two innovative patents in dielectric atomic layer 
deposition, an area of significant strategic importance for 
Lam’s growth objectives.    

Learn more about how we’re 
engaging universities

 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

22

Bringing experts 
together to 
engineer a 
greener fab

It’s not easy to change processes that take place on an atomic 
scale, but for the sake of our industry and planet, there’s got to 
be a greener way. That was the focus of Lam’s 2022 Technical 
Symposium, themed “Engineering a Greener Fab.”

The symposium is Lam’s premiere forum for joint academic 
and industry cooperation. The 2022 event took place at the 
University of California, Berkeley, with participants joining in 
person for the first time since 2019. 

Experts used the forum to share and discover leading-edge 
technologies aimed at advancing environmental sustainability 
for semiconductor fabrication. Highlights included faculty 
presentations, panels, student posters, and keynotes from  
our customers Intel and Micron. 

The key to innovating is 
bringing together diverse 
groups of people and 
going outside our own 
little world.” 

Rick Gottscho
executive vice president, strategic 
advisor to the CEO, and former chief 
technology officer at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

23

Supporting the next generation 
of semiconductor innovators 
with Lam Capital

Sometimes, you’ve got to disrupt the system to move it in a new direction. In that regard, Lam 
Capital invests in innovative companies that are addressing today’s most high-impact problems. 

In conjunction with the Tech Symposium, we hosted our second-annual Lam Capital Venture 
Competition in 2022. During the event, select startups pitched sustainable innovations to a panel 
of venture capital judges. Proposed solutions ranged from wastewater treatment to microfabs to 
energy-saving strategies. The winning startup, XLight, pitched an energy-efficient technology for 
photolithography. The prize: a $250,000 investment funded by Lam Capital. 

2022 TECH SYMPOSIUM BY THE NUMBERS

11

universities 
represented

11

companies 
represented

6

customer keynotes and 
faculty presentations

6

venture capital judges, plus  
a judge from Lam Capital

$250K

investment to the winning team by Lam Capital

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

24

Three new products that are 
accelerating three-dimensional 
(3D) scaling

Typically, companies talk about scaling in terms of expansion. In 
semiconductor manufacturing, it often means the opposite. One of 
our industry’s pressing challenges is to continuously scale the tiny 
devices in chips to make chips that are smaller, denser, and more 
powerful. This is driving many semiconductor manufacturers to 
move away from planar structures in favor of complex, 3D versions. 

Lam’s etch and deposition tools are at the forefront of this innovation, 
and in 2022, we announced three new precision selective etch 
innovations: Our new Argos®, Prevos™, and Selis® products are 
designed to complement and extend Lam’s industry-leading etch 
solutions portfolio. These breakthrough products are enabling 
chipmakers to etch and modify films with ultra-high selectivity and 
precision to achieve the most advanced integrated circuit 
performance capabilities and accelerate 3D scaling.

Developing sustainable solutions

We are driven to accelerate a net zero transition and a future where our company and customers can achieve 
more while using less. In that pursuit, one of the most impactful steps we can take is to track and reduce our 
product-based emissions. This will give Lam an edge in providing the solutions customers need to reduce 
their environmental impact while meeting increasing demands.  

As of 2022, emissions generated from the energy use of our products represent 55% of our total GHG 
emissions. To reduce the emissions output of our products, we’re optimizing solutions that are smarter and 
more efficient. In doing so, we’re proving that it’s possible to increase productivity while reducing the use of 
raw materials, energy, and space. 

Accelerating Industry 4.0
A new phase of the industrial revolution is beginning—known widely as Industry 4.0. It’s an era defined by 
automation, machine learning, interconnectivity, and real-time data. Our Equipment Intelligence® solutions 
combine these elements with Lam’s equipment and process expertise. By enabling faster learning cycles, 
these solutions help customers enhance productivity, efficiency, and performance while minimizing waste.  

For example, Lam’s Net Zero Product Working Group uses Equipment Intelligence® sensors to monitor and 
report the energy and resource consumption of our lab tools. In 2022, the group worked toward establishing 
baseline data for our tools’ energy consumption and GHG footprint. This will help Lam address our product-
based emissions, while supporting our customers’ sustainability goals. The working group's vision is to 
connect this data to specific fab processes, enabling customers to optimize resource planning and reduce 
their energy usage, GHG emissions, and costs. We also made progress on product sustainability by:

 •

Implementing throughput and uptime improvements, which improve the efficiency of tool operations by  
4% and yield with station matching by 60%.

 • Releasing new ECO Mode features for 2300 and Sense.i® etch tools, which save up to 30% peripheral 

energy in idle mode and result in faster tool time recovery.

 •

Increasing RF generation efficiency on our Vantex tool, which reduces the energy consumed per RF 
subcomponent by 10%.

Incorporating DfE principles

DfE principles guide us to develop products with their full lifecycle in mind. In doing so, we’re finding ways 
to reduce the environmental impact of our products while maintaining or improving quality and value. In 
2022, our working group continued to incorporate these principles into the product design process. 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

25

Lam's installed base included 

approximately 84,000 

chambers at the end  
of 2022.

Giving our customers 
a market edge

When they ask, we deliver. That’s how we build our customers’ 
trust. And what many of them want are faster, more efficient, 
and sustainable chipmaking solutions. Our customers are global 
technology leaders, and we take pride in supporting their success. 
Through close collaboration, we strive to exceed their expectations 
and continuously anticipate their long-term needs. 

Our Customer Support Business Group (CSBG) supports Lam’s 
customers across the equipment lifecycle. From solutions that 
increase system uptime to offerings that extend the product 
lifecycle, the group’s goal is to help customers optimize quality and 
cost, with the added benefit of reducing their environmental impact.

CSBG’s strategy for providing best-in-class customer support:

Customized service and 
software solutions that 
enhance productivity 
throughout the product 
lifecycle

High-quality, low-defect 
consumable and non-
consumable spare parts
designed to increase circularity 
while balancing performance, 
availability, and cost

Technology and 
productivity upgrades  
that increase productivity, 
reliability, and efficiency and 
extend product lifecycle

Reliant systems, including 
new and refurbished 
equipment, that extend 
product lifecycles, increase 
production capacity, and 
decrease waste  

Technical training, 
including software and 
hardware courses, to 
develop customers' 
knowledge and  
technical expertise

INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT

Simulating complex processes 
to get real results

Lam engineers have a knack for getting to the bottom of vexing customer 

challenges. Yet wafer-based experiments require an investment in resources and 

time. Realizing this, several have turned to our powerful SEMulator3D software 

to create renderings, simulate fabrication processes, and calculate the physical 

properties of nanostructures without ever stepping into a lab. 

Among them is Peng Fei Lyu (left), a process engineer who facilitated a special 

interest group to receive training on the software at Lam China. After learning the 

software, the team used it to identify the root cause of an issue in a customer’s etch 

process—cutting a task that would have taken approximately 10 wafers and two 

weeks in a lab down to about an hour.

Another member of the group, process engineer Tian Hao Zhang (right), used the 

software to help a customer determine their ideal etching approach. In doing so, he 

and his colleagues cut the experimentation time down from 10 weeks to four while 
using a third of the wafers required for traditional testing. By helping engineers 

deliver rapid results while reducing material waste and costs, the software is helping 

Lam build value for our company and customers. 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

26

Products that support a circular economy

When great products go further, we all win. In addition to new systems, CSBG provides 
refurbished tools, previous generation tools, and equipment upgrades. These options 
deliver great customer value while avoiding the environmental impacts of manufacturing 
new tools and sending existing equipment to landfills. Our spares offerings include the 
reuse of high-value spare parts such as electrostatic chucks, RF hardware, and 
showerheads through a variety of re-cleaning, repair, refurbishment, and re-coating 
services. Learn more about our spares offerings. 

HOW OUR CSBG OFFERINGS MAKE A DIFFERENCE:

~$400M worth of annual 
materials savings enabled by 
re-cleaning services 

~$150M worth of annual 
materials savings enabled by 
repair & refurbishment services

20% of Etch installations 
used upgrades or 
tools with refurbished 
components in 2022

33% of electrostatic chucks 
(ESCs) shipped in 2022 were 
refurbished, representing a 
70%+ increase since 2019

~8kg aluminum reused 
in each refurbished ESC 
baseplate, representing  
30 metric tons (MT)  
reused in 2022

~5kg hazardous residue 
avoided by each refurbished 
ESC baseplate, representing  
18 MT avoided in 2022

Delivering safe,  
high-quality products

Our cross-functional Quality Leadership team oversees our design teams to ensure 
the safety and quality of every product they create. We take a systematic approach 
to continuously improve our products and strive to quickly address any adjustments 
that need to be made. Lam is also certified under ISO 9001, an international 
standard that provides a framework for an effective quality management system. 

Learn more about our commitment 
to product safety

Earning recognition as an 
outstanding supplier 
Lam has proudly achieved the top honor within the Intel global supply chain: The 
Intel EPIC Outstanding Supplier Award. Of the thousands of suppliers Intel works 
with every day, Lam was one of only six companies to win this award for 2022.

In a truly unique and volatile supply chain 
environment, Lam has earned Intel’s top
supplier award through its steadfast 
commitment to safety, quality, diversity 
and inclusion, continuous innovation, and 
its close partnership with Intel toward 
operational excellence results.”  

Keyvan Esfarjani
executive vice president and global chief operations officer at Intel

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

27

Sustainable operations

IN THIS SECTION:

28  Highlights

29  Advancing our net zero roadmap

Name
Title

33  Optimizing energy

35  Accelerating water savings

36 

 Maximizing value by  
minimizing waste

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

28

Around the world 
we are stepping up 
to bring our net zero 
vision into sight. 

The way we operate speaks to who we are and what we 
value. At Lam, our Core Values drive us to take ownership, 
hold ourselves accountable, and continuously improve. These 
values shape our approach to reducing Lam’s environmental 
impact, and executing on our commitment to operating 
responsibly and improving our sustainability performance 
over time. 

Positive change requires action, so we are pursuing global 
initiatives to reduce our energy and water consumption 
and minimize waste. By 2050, we aim to achieve net zero 
emissions. It’s a bold ambition, and Lam was among the first 
in the semiconductor industry to establish such a goal. Our 
net zero roadmap outlines our path to achieving climate 
progress. It informs the way we create products, upgrade  
our facilities, and allocate our resources and time. 

In 2022, our employees mobilized to move our climate and 
environmental initiatives forward. They completed solar and 
energy-efficiency projects and exceeded our water-savings 
goal. Lam closed the year by joining the Semiconductor 
Climate Consortium as a founding member, demonstrating 
our company’s climate leadership on a global scale. As the 
work continues, we’re energized by how far we’ve come 
 and our vision for a greener future ahead.

RELEVANT SDGS

Sustainable operations1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

Achieve net zero emissions by 2050 by meeting the following targets: 

 • Achieve 100% renewable electricity by 20302

•  Sourced 44% renewable electricity globally 

in 2022

 • Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market-

based) GHG emissions 25% by 2025 and  
60.6% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.3  
By 2040, achieve net zero operations

 • Achieve 12 million kWh in total energy 

savings from a 2019 baseline

Achieve zero waste to landfill for 
hazardous waste

Achieve 17 million gallons of water savings 
(15%) in water-stressed regions from a  
2019 baseline

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

Achieved Science-Based 
Target initiative (SBTi) 
validation for our near-term 
environmental goals5

•  207% increase in Scope 1 and 2  
(market-based) GHG emissions4

•  Achieved 6.9 million kWh in energy savings

•  Diverted 99.99% of hazardous waste  

from landfills in 2022

•  Achieved 46.9 million gallons of water 
savings in water-stressed regions, 
surpassing our 2025 goal by 175%

•  Our updated goal will be to achieve 80 million 
gallons of water savings from a 2019 baseline

Exceeded our 
2025 water 
target

Completed renewable 
electricity projects 
at two sites

View SDG alignment 

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 
2 Previously, this goal targeted 100% renewable energy by 2030. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.
3  Previously, the 2030 goal targeted a 46% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions. Due to a previously unidentified source of Scope 1 emissions, Lam worked with SBTi to update our 2019 emissions 

inventory and restate our 2030 goal.

4 Primarily due to the increase in usage of a specific chemical in our testing process between 2019 and 2022.
5 The 2030 goal was validated in 2022 and was subsequently restated in 2023 in alignment with SBTi.
Note: Sustainable Operations data is comprehensive of all Lam-owned and leased facilities, including our subsidiary Silfex. Energy, waste, and water data is not currently included for Avonisys, Coventor, Metryx, SemSysco, 
Solmates, or Talus. Greenhouse gas emissions for these entities is included in our reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Talus, Metryx, and Coventor), or within our Scope 3 investment data (Avonisys, Solmates, SemSysco).

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

29

Advancing our net zero roadmap

While net zero emissions is our long-term vision, our success starts with the action we take 
today. Our net zero roadmap outlines our strategy to achieve time-based targets that keep us 
accountable and on track. Lam’s Net Zero Leadership team drives these efforts with ultimate 
oversight from our Board. 

Externally, we engage our customers and suppliers to support them in setting and  
achieving science-based targets (SBTs). We strive to lead by example, and in 2022 we 
achieved SBTi validation for our near-term GHG-reduction goals. These goals are in line  
with limiting global warming to 1.5°C, representing the most ambitious SBTi designation 
available. We recently discovered a source of Scope 1 emissions which caused a significant  
increase of our previously reported Scope 1 emissions, dating back to our 2019 baseline  
year. This led us to work with SBTi to restate our 2030 goal by targeting a 60.6% reduction  
in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions, instead of the prior target of a 46% reduction.  
We are acting with expediency with a goal to eliminate this emissions source completely.

By identifying risks related  
to climate change, we can take 
meaningful steps to make our 
company more resilient. Learn more 
about our 2021 climate change risk 
analysis assessment and how our 
practices align with frameworks, 
such as the Task Force on  
Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures

Net zero roadmap

Announced SBTi intention and 
net zero pathway

 • Reduce Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) 

GHG emissions by 25% from a  
2019 baseline

 • Achieve 12M kWh in total energy savings
 • 46.5% of suppliers and 83% of customers 

measured by emissions will set SBTs

 • Achieve net zero operations  

(Scope 1 and 2)

 • Achieve absolute reduction in supply 

chain emissions (goal to be set)

2021

2022

2025

2030

2040

2050

Achieved SBTi 
approval for three 
near-term emissions-
reduction targets 

 • Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

emissions by 60.6% from a 2019 baseline1

 • Achieve 100% renewable electricity
 • 95% of top direct suppliers measured  

by spend will set SBTs

Achieve 
net zero 
emissions

1Previously, the 2030 goal targeted a 46% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions. Lam updated this goal in 2023 following a restatement of our baseline in alignment with SBTi.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

30

Driving reductions in each scope

Each part of Lam’s value chain presents unique emissions-reduction challenges and opportunities. For instance, while we have the most control over reducing our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions, they account for only about 8% of our combined 2022 Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions. To achieve net zero emissions, we must take a value-chain-wide approach, with 
a focus on operational efficiency and supplier, employee, and customer engagement. More details on our emissions management can be found in our annual CDP Climate Change 
questionnaire submission.

Breaking down our 2022 value chain emissions

Upstream activities

Lam facilities & operations

       Downstream activities

Scope

Scope 3, indirect

Scope 2, market-based indirect

Scope 1, direct

Scope 3, indirect

GHG emissions

2,034,127 metric tons carbon 
dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e) 

63,300 MTCO2e

~433K MTCO2e

4,733,017 MTCO2e

Emissions  
details

• Purchased goods & services: 

• U.S.:

1,764,704 MTCO2e
• Capital goods: 5,759 MTCO2e
• Fuel- and energy-related 
activities: 52,793 MTCO2e
• Upstream transportation & 
distribution: 173,093 MTCO2e
• Waste generated in operations: 

8,556 MTCO2e 
• Business travel: 10,731 MTCO2e 
• Employee commuting:  

18,491 MTCO2e 

• Upstream leased assets: N/A

• Fremont, CA: 23,227 MTCO2e
• Livermore, CA: 2,382 MTCO2e
• Tualatin, OR: 8,876 MTCO2e
• Ohio: N/A

• Austria: 1,195 MTCO2e
• South Korea: 16,078 MTCO2e
• Malaysia: N/A
• Taiwan: 4,439 MTCO2e
• India: N/A
• Leased (All): 7,103 MTCO2e

• Hydrofluorocarbons: 3,673 MTCO2e
• Perfluorocarbons: 5,321 MTCO2e
• Other fluorinated: 13,591 MTCO2e
• Non-fluorinated: 506 MTCO2e
• Other refrigerants: 385,764 MTCO2e
• Diesel: 63 MTCO2e
• Natural gas: 19,468 MTCO2e
• Liquid petroleum gas: 4,587 MTCO2e
• Owned vehicles: 25 MTCO2e

• Downstream transportation & 
distribution: 607,555 MTCO2e
• Processing of sold products: N/A
• Use of sold products:  
3,704,749 MTCO2e 

• End-of-life treatment of sold 
products: 2,546 MTCO2e 
• Downstream leased assets: N/A 
• Franchises: N/A 
• Investments: 418,167 MTCO2e

How  
we’re driving 
reductions

Engaging suppliers to set SBTs and 
providing support and resources to 
help them build carbon measurement 
and reduction capabilities and 
purchasing offsets for portions of 
our business travel

Maximizing energy efficiency, 
purchasing RECs, and investing in 
large-scale projects to transition 
to renewable electricity 

Optimizing our processes and products, 
investing in emissions controls and 
energy-efficiency technologies, updating 
manufacturing and lab processes, and 
evaluating lower global warming 
potential process gas alternatives 

Developing efficient products and 
processes, establishing a baseline 
for product-based energy 
consumption and emissions, and 
engaging customers to set SBTs

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

31

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by year

2022 GHG EMISSIONS HIGHLIGHTS

e
2
O
C
s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
M

500,000

400,000

300,000

200,000

.132

100,000

0

82,296

79,313

2019

.224

75,884

.222

56,521

232,662 

288,007

.290

63,300

432,998

.300

.250

.200

.150

.100

.050

0

g
n
i
d
n
e
p
s
D
&
R
0
0
0
,
1
$
S
U
/
e
2
O
C
s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
M

2020

2021

2022

Calendar year

Scope 1

Scope 2, market-based

Normalized Scope 1 + 2 emissions

Process chemistry emissions by type

e
2
O
C
s
n
o
t
c
i
r
t
e
M

25000

20000

15000

10000

5000

0

506

651

3,673

450

633

662

426

3,241

5,321

7,763

7,097

8,299

6,698

7,276

7,347

13,591

2019

2020

2021

2022

Calendar year

Non-fluorinated

Hydrofluorocarbons

Perfluorocarbons

Other fluorinated

496,298
combined MTCO2e Scope 
1 & 2 (market-based)  
GHG emissions

92%

of Lam’s GHG footprint 
made up of Scope 3 
emissions

23%

reduction in Scope 2 (market-
based) GHG emissions from 
2019 baseline

1%

increase in Scope 3 GHG 
emissions from 2021

From 2019 to 2022, our overall Scope 1 and 2 emissions increased 
by 207% from our updated 2019 baseline. The baseline values and 
subsequent year emissions growth is primarily due to a previously 
unknown source of Scope 1 emissions. In addition, we found that 
we had not accounted for the partial abatement of certain process 
gas emissions at our Fremont, California, lab facility. We revised the 
historical data on this page to reflect these changes. In addition, we 
limited our Scope 3 emissions increase to a modest 1% despite 
seeing nearly 18% in revenue growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

32

Decarbonizing our industry together  

Lam has long been active in SEMI, the global industry association 
representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain. In 
2022, we joined SEMI’s Semiconductor Climate Consortium as a founding 
member. The consortium is the first global, ecosystem-wide collaborative of 
semiconductor companies dedicated to reducing industry-based emissions. 
Through collaboration, transparency, and ambitious goal setting, we aim 
to advance our industry's response to climate change—one of the most 
pressing challenges of our time. 

As a participant, Lam has the opportunity to: 

Shape industry 
standards on 
sustainability

Share knowledge and 
best practices, and 
collectively solve the 
industry’s big challenges

Leverage industry-
level collaborations 
to accelerate our own 
climate progress

Lam is committed to proactive climate 
action. We share the Semiconductor Climate 
Consortium’s vision to drive progress on 
climate challenges within our industry. By 
collaborating with fellow members, we hope 
to accelerate solutions with greater speed 
and scale than can be achieved alone.”  

Shawn Covell
managing director, global ESG strategy at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

33

Optimizing energy

We can’t power semiconductor breakthroughs without consuming energy—and our energy 
needs increase as our operations expand. Our goal is to adopt solutions that decouple 
Lam’s growth from increased energy use and emissions. To do so, we’re transitioning toward 
renewable electricity and optimizing our facilities and processes to be more energy efficient. 
Currently, our renewables are sourced from a mix of onsite solar and renewable energy 
credits.

Pursuing 100% renewable electricity

Our Villach, Austria, plant uses 100% renewable electricity through a combination of onsite 
solar and purchased electricity. In 2022, we completed a solar expansion project to achieve 
additional energy generation at the site, which now generates approximately 3.6 megawatt-
hours (MWh) per day. We project that the site will eventually generate 8 MWh per day 
following further expansion work planned for 2024.

Meanwhile, at our facility in Malaysia, which we opened in August 2020, we completed a 
two-part solar project. Lam’s Global Workplace Solutions (GWS) team expedited phase two 
of the solar project, completing the installation of 1,076 solar panels in December 2022. 

Our Malaysia facility’s new 
solar panels cover the 
majority of the roof’s 
800,000-square-foot rooftop and 
generate 13 MWh per day. 
They supply 20% of the site's 
electricity requirement.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

34

Using an innovative 
mindset to increase 
global energy savings

In our everyday lives, many of us adopt energy-conscious 
behaviors—from turning the thermostat down during cold-
weather months to turning the lights off when we leave a room. 
At Lam, we take a similar approach to drive energy-efficiency 
improvements. When implemented at our facilities, these 
upgrades can lead to large-scale savings in energy, emissions, 
and costs. 

Recently, we turned our attention to Lam’s new manufacturing 
site in Malaysia, a state-of-the-art facility designed with 
efficiency in mind. Lam’s outlook: Why stop there when we can 
make it even better? We challenged the site’s employees to 
push efficiency further. In response they embarked on a series 
of building improvements, including:

 • Reducing lighting during off hours

 • Reducing cooling in the office

 • Exploring the potential to reduce cleanroom  

humidity in the future

Some solutions turned out to be simple but required critical 
thinking. For example, by reducing pressure in the facility’s 
clean room, they enabled the fans to slow down—achieving 
energy savings while keeping the space contaminant free.  

Our teams also drove improvements at sites in the U.S., 
completing lighting upgrades in Livermore, California; 
commissioning a scrubber to reduce fan speed in Fremont, 
California; and installing a variable frequency drive (VFD) air 
compressor and chiller in Tualatin, Oregon. Installing a VFD 
chiller resulted in immediate energy savings. Additionally, by 
monitoring the chiller's operation and adjusting its controls, 
the Tualatin facilities team nearly doubled the energy savings 
achieved from installing the equipment itself. For 2023, we 
have enrolled in energy-efficiency programs sponsored by 
the local utilities in Oregon and California to identify and 
implement low- or no-cost improvements.  

Energy usage by type

h
W
k
n
o
i
l
l
i

M

500

400

300

200

100

0

0.00027

0.00025

0.00026

0.7

0.6

89

240

0.7

0.7

94

256

95

306

0.7

0.6

0.00035

5.1

0.00029

0.00030

107

0.3

0.00025

360

0.00020

0.00015

0.00010

0.00005

0

g
n
i
d
n
e
p
s
D
&
R
0
0
0
,
1
$
S
U
r
e
p
h
W
k
n
o
i
l
l
i

M

2019

2020

2021

2022

Electricity

Natural gas 
and liquefied 
petroleum gas

Calendar year

Diesel + vehicles

Solar + district 
heating

Normalized 
energy use

Improving seed lift

At our facility in Springfield, Ohio, we grow silicon ingots— 

large crystals that are sliced into wafers. Getting the seed  

of the ingot to lift into a defect-free crystal is a highly  

technical and energy-intensive process. In 2021, we 

implemented process improvements that reduced  

the number of attempts to achieve each high-quality  

crystal. We conducted a follow-up seed lift project  
in 2022, which enabled improved mixing and energy  

efficiency, and therefore increased energy savings and  

yield. Outcomes included:

 • Nearly 50% increase in the speed at which crystals  

are pulled

 • 13.7% increase in energy savings per wafer millimeter

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

35

Accelerating water savings

2022 WATER-SAVINGS HIGHLIGHTS

Water is a key component in semiconductor manufacturing, making it critical to our company, 
suppliers, and customers. At Lam, we rely on freshwater to operate our chillers, house 
scrubbers, process cooling water systems, and soft water treatment plants. It’s a precious 
resource that we share with our communities. 

In water-stressed regions, we know it is imperative to manage water as responsibly and 
sustainably as we can. In 2022, we exceeded our goal to achieve 17 million gallons of water 
savings in water-stressed regions from a 2019 baseline by 2025. As part of setting this goal, 
we used the World Resource Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to identify which of our 
facilities were in water-stressed regions. To date, we have identified six sites throughout 
California, South Korea, India, and Malaysia. However, regions identified as water-stressed 
shift over time, so we will continue to periodically review and update this list.

In these and other areas, our GWS team explores and invests in water-saving technologies 
and efficiency upgrades. We monitor industrial wastewater and stormwater discharges in 
accordance with local regulatory requirements, and often find ways to repurpose process-
based wastewater to support other areas of our operations. To build on our success in 
achieving our initial water-savings goal, we are updating our 2025 goal to 80 million gallons 
of water savings from a 2019 baseline.

PURSUING—AND EXCEEDING—OUR WATER-SAVINGS GOAL

Added eight water 
recovery units to our 
abatement systems 
in California.

Operationalized reuse and recovery systems and 
additional water recovery units at our sites in 
Malaysia; South Korea; and Fremont, California. 
These projects led us to drive widespread water 
savings and exceed our 2025 water-savings goal.

2020

2021

2022

Added another seven water 
recovery units in California.

Updated our 2025 goal to 
achieve 80 million gallons 
of water savings.

Learn more about our approach to responsible 
water management on our website and in our 
annual Water Security submission to CDP

33.4M

gallons of water  
savings in water-
stressed regions 

40K-45K

gallons of water saved per day at our Springfield, Ohio, 
site through water reclamation and reuse, with ongoing 
efforts to find additional water-saving opportunities 

Water use, treatment, and recycling by year

s
n
o
l
l
a
g
n
o
i
l
l
i

M

500

400

300

200

100

0

0.00023

0.00021

0.00024

.00025

378

398

276

292

150

87

126

72

170

75

176

152

2019

2020

2021

2022

Calendar year

0.00025

0.0002

0.00015

0.0001

0.00005

0

g
n
i
d
n
e
p
s
D
&
R
0
0
0
,
1
$

/

s
n
o
l
l
a
g
n
o
i
l
l
i

M

Water usage

Wastewater treated

Wastewater recycled

Normalized water usage

2022 Water usage in water-stressed regions1

Fremont

Malaysia

South Korea

Livermore

India

Total

MILLION GALLONS

% OF TOTAL USAGE

 118.6 

 25.9 

 16.9 

 10.8 

 0.3 

 172.5 

29.79%

6.49%

4.24%

2.72%

0.08%

43.33%

1 Water-stressed regions as identified through the World Resources Institute (WRI) Water Risk Atlas.

 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

36

Maximizing value by 
minimizing waste

To ensure a sustainable future, we need to reduce waste. Whether it’s operating more 
efficiently or embracing circularity, we’re committed to doing our part. 

Lam generates both non-hazardous and hazardous waste as we research, develop, and 
manufacture our products. We actively monitor this waste and manage it in accordance 
with industry best practices, and our ISO 14001 multi-site certification drives us to reduce 
our environmental impact by using materials as efficiently as we can. 

s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
M

Embracing circularity to reduce non-hazardous waste

Most of the waste we generate consists of non-hazardous materials, such as wood 
pallets, cardboard and packaging, and municipal waste. To reduce these streams, we 
employ circular practices, such as waste reduction, recovery, recycling, and reuse. 

In 2022, our teams identified strategies to better manage and reduce non-hazardous 
waste. They partnered with a third party to conduct reporting and internal audits, which 
resulted in key recommendations for efficient waste management practices. We are now 
engaging employees to implement these practices globally, while exploring an additional 
third-party partnership to examine our practices related to receptacles, signage, 
composting, compacting, and more. Lam has also joined SEMI’s Circularity working 
group to share best practices and collaborate to advance further industry innovations. 

2022 NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS

9,261 MT

of non-hazardous  
waste generated

77%

recycling rate

Non-hazardous waste generation and recycling

10,000

8,000

6,000

6,528

55%

70%

5,891

4,120

4,000

3,613

2,000

0

9,261

100%

8,505

71%

6,020

77%

7,108

0
0
1
x
)
n
o
i
t
a
r
e
n
e
g
l
a
t
o
t

/
g
n

i
l
c
y
c
e
r

l
a
t
o
T

(

80%

60%

40%

20%

0

2019

2020

2021

2022

Calendar year

Non-hazardous waste generated

Non-hazardous waste recycled

Recycling rate

Non-hazardous waste recycling by material

Wood pallets 46.21%

Mixed recycling 
and cardboard 18.40% 

Other recycling 9.34%

Metal and 
electronic waste 6.98%

Mixed plastic 
and packaging 6.18% 

Production waste 4.59%

Compost 3.54%

Silicon scrap 1.92%

Reuse 1.45%

Paper 1.39%

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

37

INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT

Reduce. Reuse. Rethink.
Sometimes it pays to challenge the status quo and test new ways to optimize 

existing processes. That was true for a manufacturing process where we shipped 
unused parts back to the warehouse to be returned to stock. 

In the past, our material handlers shipped each part in individual boxes, which were 

discarded once the parts were re-stocked and stored in bulk. Then, Willis Wah, who 

joined Lam from a global shipping company, put his expertise to work to streamline 

the process and reduce packaging waste. 

As the manager of logistics for Lam’s Fremont, California, campus, Willis worked 
with the Warehouse team to consolidate and ship the parts in reusable totes. 

Within the first month of implementation, the new process helped Lam avoid using 

approximately 275 boxes. It also led to reduced labor hours and transportation 

costs, and made stress injuries less frequent among material handlers.

Our commitment to strong environmental management

Lam holds ISO 14001 multi-site certification for environmental management, 
which covers our Fremont and Livermore, California; Tualatin, Oregon; and 
Villach, Austria; sites, and individual site certification for Osan, Korea and 
Eaton, Ohio. As an engaged member of the RBA, we also complete voluntary 
assessments across our manufacturing sites. 

In 2022, our sites’ self-assessment questionnaires (SAQ), which cover 
environmental and social topics, low-risk scores. We also earned Silver 
recognition for our first RBA-validated audit at our Livermore, California, site.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

38

0
0
1
*

)
n
o
i
t
a
r
e
n
e
g
l
a
t
o
t

/
g
n

i
l
c
y
c
e
r

l
a
t
o
T

(

Hazardous waste generation and recycling

s
n
o
t

c
i
r
t
e
M

3,000

2,500

2,000

1,500

1,000

500

0

48%

50%

30%

2,113

2,416

2,208

22%

24%

1,922

642

540

524

924

40%

30%

20%

10%

0

2019

2020

2021

2022

Calendar year

Hazardous waste generated

Hazardous waste recycled

Recycling rate

Hazardous waste by disposal method

Responsible hazardous waste management 

Our manufacturing processes and research & development (R&D) operations use chemicals that 
produce hazardous waste, such as lab debris and waste that is corrosive or flammable. We follow 
strict controls to responsibly handle each of these streams and aim to divert hazardous waste from 
landfills by finding alternative methods of disposal. As part of our commitment to environmental 
stewardship and due diligence, we conduct a periodic risk assessment of our hazardous waste 
treatment, storage, and disposal facilities (TSDF). Lam partners with CHWMEG—a nonprofit trade 
association whose members strive to efficiently steward waste—to perform comprehensive TSDF 
audits, the results of which we integrate into our risk assessment process.

Proactive chemicals management 

Chemicals enable us to manufacture leading-edge products, and they’re essential to R&D. 
Our site Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) and Product groups work together to ensure our 
employees handle these materials with caution and care. This begins even before chemicals arrive at 
Lam’s sites, as we use a chemical information management system to track and monitor our chemical 
inventories and approve site-based chemical requests. Once onsite, our teams focus on proper 
transportation, storage, and inventory management to track where and how chemicals are used and 
manage potential risks. 

In 2022, we continued to drive consistency among all Lam sites and integrate a chemical information 
management system as part of the overall chemical management process at the new sites in South 
Korea, Malaysia, and India. In 2023, we plan to improve our purchasing systems to allow easier and 
more automated environmental reporting. 
Learn more about our hazardous 
waste disposal methods

99.99%

hazardous waste diverted 
from landfills in 2022

Recycled 48.07% 

Deep-well 
injection 24.27% 

Offsite wastewater 
treatment 20.56% 

Thermal treatment 5.47% 

Waste-to-energy 1.53% 

Compressed gas 
and other treatment 0.08% 

Landfill 0.01% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

39

Embracing green chemistry practices
We use our expertise to weigh the benefits and drawbacks of various chemicals in 
terms of their effectiveness, availability, and impact on the environment. As global 
chemical regulations become more complex, we are proactively working with our 
supply chain partners, chemical suppliers, and chemicals management systems to 
ensure Lam’s ongoing compliance and to adopt emerging green chemistry practices.

We work with our engineers and designers to make decisions with the planet in 
mind. In 2022, we created a tool that engineers can use to assess the GHG emissions 
intensity of various recipes that are used to process the wafers. We plan to expand on 
this project in 2023 and share the insights we’ve gained across our organization. 

Managing air pollution

Clean air is essential for human and environmental health, and we are committed 
to doing our part to reduce air pollution. As we work to reduce emissions, our teams 
have pilot programs in place to further integrate Lam’s tools with our customers’ 
chemical systems. This allows us to minimize chemical waste and maximize 
abatement system efficiency. Sometimes we do this by using external abatement 
systems. In other cases, we focus on selecting processes that minimize the use of 
high global warming potential chemicals and thereby reduce emissions. 

Engaging employees in environmental action  

For many of Lam’s passionate employees, internal sustainability is just the start. We’re 
proud to see our employees get involved with their local communities to plant trees, 
protect biodiversity, and advocate for environmental health. A key pathway for employee-
led sustainability action is Lam’s Employee Sustainability Community (LESC). This 
employee resource group (ERG) includes more than 450 global members working to 
support sustainable change.

In 2022, LESC facilitated many volunteer and learning opportunities, including inviting 
Stacey MacNeil, Lam’s chief communications officer, to discuss our company’s net zero 
roadmap. LESC members in Malaysia planted trees to mark 50 years of industrialization 
in the country, and, in India, LESC hosted a Best out of Waste competition to showcase 
employees’ commitment to recycling and reuse.  

Because of these efforts, LESC received Lam’s 2022 Environmental Stewardship Award, 
which highlights employees’ environmental efforts, both at Lam and in our communities. 
Sponsored by EHS, the Environmental Stewardship Awards are part of a larger campaign 
for Earth Month, which, this year, included events around the globe. Many more 
environmental activities took place throughout the year, as employees acted with purpose 
for a better, greener world.

LESC Malaysia formed after learning about the 
company's net zero ambition and roadmap. We’re a 
passionate group of individuals working to spread 
awareness and directly support Lam's ESG goals. We 
strive to leverage our Core Values, cross-functional 
collaboration, and continuous improvement to make 
a positive impact on the planet.”

EC Pon
LESC Malaysia co-leader at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

40

Our workplace

IN THIS SECTION:

41  Highlights

42  Engaging and developing our people

46  Shaping an inclusive culture

53  Keeping our employees safe

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

41

We're engaging 
employees to shape  
a culture rooted in 
our Core Values.  

How do we solve the unsolvable? By bringing together 
the brightest minds and empowering them to reach 
new heights. Our workplace programs are designed to 
facilitate collaboration, enhance safety, spur innovation, 
and accelerate employee growth. We strive to offer 
inclusive development opportunities and benefits that 
meet our employees’ holistic needs. This supports our goal 
to build on our high-performance culture with best-in-
class employee engagement. It also bolsters our work to 
create a more diverse and inclusive workplace—work that 
begins by expanding our talent pipeline and collaborating 
with industry and community partners to create more 
opportunities for women and underrepresented students 
and professionals in science, technology, engineering, and 
math (STEM).  

In 2022, we opened the doors of our new India Center 
for Engineering and our Korea Technology Center. As we 
expanded Lam’s operations, our Core Values and Purpose 
kept our global workforce united and aligned. With a focus 
on engagement, we increased employee outreach and 
grew our employee resource groups (ERGs). We also rolled 
out new manager resources and cutting-edge benefits 
that further empower our employees to lead and thrive. 

RELEVANT SDGS

View SDG alignment

Workplace1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

Build on our high-performance culture 
with global employee engagement at the 
global benchmark, as measured by our 
annual employee surveys

Maintain an OSHA recordable injury rate 
at or below 0.4 annually

Increase the proportion of women 
(globally) and underrepresented 
employees (U.S.) across the company

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

Matured our engagement process 
with new data inputs and 
a pulse survey

Implemented a new Student 
Loan Assistance program in the U.S.

•  Ended the year with an engagement score  
of 78, one point below the global top tier 
benchmark of 79

•  Realized recordable injury rate of 0.35

•  Increased the proportion of women in our global 

workforce by 3.0% and underrepresented 
employees in the U.S. by 5.0% over 2021

Jumped 68 places to #219
on Forbes’ list of the World’s Top 
Female-Friendly Companies

Expanded our enhanced paid 
parental leave and paid bonding 
leave policies to our employees 
across the globe

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

42

Engaging and developing our people 

Lam has a legacy of strong employee engagement and development, and those priorities came to 
the forefront in 2022. Throughout the year, we up-skilled our people managers to help them support 
their global teams. We also made it a priority to maintain workplace flexibility while keeping our 
employees connected, inspired, and engaged. These efforts helped us land at #555 on Forbes’ list of 
the World’s Best Employers and #29 among the best employers recognized in the U.S. 

Turning our employees’ insights into action

There’s power in really listening, and we trust our employees to know what they need to succeed. 
We regularly engage employees to find out what’s working and how we can better meet their 
evolving needs. The key is to turn those insights into action—in the form of innovative development 
opportunities, benefits programs, and more. That’s how we deliver a positive employee experience 
that supports recruitment, retention, and professional growth.

Our engagement strategy:

Listen through annual, 
pulse, and lifecycle surveys; 
one-on-one meetings with 
managers; discussions with 
Lam’s leaders, and team 
meetings

Learn through sophisticated 
data collection that captures 
and cross-references key 
employee insights

Improve our workplace 
programs and practices by 
sharing key insights with 
teams who have the power 
to act

In 2022, we matured our engagement processes to improve data collection and analysis and make survey 
insights more accessible and actionable across Lam’s teams. We conducted our annual survey in June, with 
seven new data inputs to measure key engagement correlations. We also added two new data outputs to 
enable cross-program analysis and shared the results with six internal teams.

After the survey, we leveraged online learning and a new Experience Progress Roadmap to drive employee 
feedback and conversations. Another feature was a short pulse survey administered in October to continue 
engaging with employees on key topics.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

43

MAKING THE MOST OF OUR EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEYS

Survey design

Our annual engagement 
survey in June included  
17 questions across  
5 categories

ENGAGEMENT

LEADERSHIP
ACTIONS

INCLUSION 
& DIVERSITY

MANAGER
EFFECTIVENESS

CULTURE

We added 5 new questions to reflect core 
engagement drivers:

 • Cared for at work

 • Continuous improvement

 • Ethical behavior 

 • Manager support

 • Company values

And followed up with a 3-question pulse survey 
in October.

Scores

78

employee  
engagement score 

Falling one point below the 
global top-tier benchmark

Insights & actions

84%

response rate

One percentage point below 
the global top-tier benchmark

75 

2022 Inclusion Index 

Represents the combined 
scores of three questions driving 
inclusion, authenticity, and  
equal opportunity

Based on our top 3 survey insights, 
employees say they:

 • Feel supported by their managers  

Employees’ feedback indicates 
a high rate of satisfaction with 
areas including: 

and cared for at work

 • Recognition

 • Believe Lam has a strong culture  

 • Manager support

of ethics and recognition

 • Desire varied and timely 

communication

 • Feeling cared for at work

 • Career path opportunities

We responded to survey insights 
with 3 key actions:

 • Enhanced inclusion and diversity 

training with new INCLUDE 
manager training

 • Launched culture workshops for  

new employees

 • Guided managers to prioritize 
teamwide communication

Supporting a sense  
of connection
Since 2020, many new employees have worked with their 
teams remotely. To help them build a strong sense of 
connection, Lam’s global Human Resources team launched 
new culture workshops for these employees in 2022. During 
90-minute sessions, Lam’s senior leaders demonstrated how 
we put our Core Values into action. In total, they engaged 
more than 2,700 employees during 37 global sessions 
delivered in each region’s local language.

Additionally, we facilitated virtual executive employee 
engagement sessions for those hired within the past six to 
nine months, in which employees shared their experiences 
with Lam’s chief human resource officer and CEO. These 
leaders also hosted roundtables with managers of highly 
engaged teams, which our sites modeled in various regions. 
Members of Lam’s Board got involved by engaging with 
recently hired college graduates to create an opportunity  
for two-way feedback and insights.

Being able to speak 
directly with Board 
members helped me 
connect to our company's 
culture and understand 
that we are all one team 
working together.”

Xiaomin Yun
product engineer 4 at CSBG

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

44

Embracing workplace flexibility

Several years after the emergence of the pandemic, 
workplace flexibility is here to stay. In 2022, we updated our 
workplace modalities to include onsite, onsite flex, virtual flex, 
and remote. workplace flexibility supports an inclusive culture 
by enabling employees to work in ways that meet their 
unique needs. In fact, our virtual-flex employees scored the 
highest on engagement—exceeding the technology industry 
benchmark. Employees attributed their positive experiences 
to Lam’s culture, well-being programs, and strong employee 
support. We’re proud to see our people thrive in this 
environment and rolled out additional resources to support 
them in 2022. 

2022 TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
HIGHLIGHTS

56%  

increase in employees who participated in 
Lam coaching program over 2021

73%  

increase in mentorship pairs over 2021,  
with a 95%+ mentee satisfaction score

1,492  

employees participated in our  
Leap technical training program

759  

Leap certifications awarded

Our return-to-work pilot program provided employees with  
the following tools: 

 • Home office stipend to help offset remote work expenses

 • New manager training on “Leading in a Hybrid 

Environment,” along with guidance on how to host virtual 
meetings and keep remote participants engaged 

 •

Internal sites providing information on Lam’s virtual-flex 
and in-person policies  

Up-skilling our teams 

From the first day employees join us, we put them on a 
trajectory for long-term growth. We use layered development 
programs to support Lam’s employees and leaders through 
experience and education. 

To expand this programming, we launched Supervisor 
Essentials, a learning program designed specifically for 
manufacturing supervisors, in 2022. We also continued 
several ongoing development opportunities, such as 
BetterUp coaching for new managers, our Targeted Manager 
Support program, our enterprise-wide mentoring program, 
and our Leap technical training and certification program for 
new hires and Lam engineers.

Lam earned Training 
Magazine’s 2022 Training 
APEX Award, which 
recognizes organizations 
that excel in training and 
human capital development.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

45

2022 BENEFITS HIGHLIGHTS

500+ 

employees benefited from our new Student 
Loan Assistance program. 

100+  

health and well-being events, including a  
global virtual health fair, webinars, challenges, 
and more.

Explore our employee 
benefits programs

Celebrating and caring for our employees 

Our employees are high achievers. We strive to equip them 
with resources for overall health and well-being, while 
making them feel appreciated and inspired to keep reaching 
new heights. Our benefits and recognition programs support 
these aspirations and reinforce Lam’s Core Values.  

Recognizing exceptional performance 
As we mature our engagement processes, we’re delving 
into the link between engagement and recognition. Recent 
research indicates that organizations with meaningful 
recognition programs have a 14% employee engagement, 
productivity, and performance edge. The data also places 
leadership support and recognition among the top most 
effective non-financial factors for retention.1  

In 2022, we continued our Above and Beyond recognition 
program, in which employees can acknowledge their 
colleagues’ great work and embodiment of Lam’s Core 
Values. We also recognized employees’ commitment 
to enhancing sustainability through our environmental 
stewardship awards. 

For the second year, we held a Gratitude Summit, in which 
employees could attend a series of workshops sponsored by 
Workhuman. We also worked with Workhuman to conduct a 
cross-program analysis of our employee engagement survey 
results so we could better understand the intersection of 
employee recognition and engagement. 

Delivering inclusive benefits
Employees can be more present at work when they have 
a foundation of overall well-being, whether that means 
taking time off to be with family, getting regular check-ups, 
or improving financial health. We strive to continuously 
enhance our benefits to support the needs of Lam’s diverse 
employee base. Our goal is to deliver resources that support 
all aspects of our employees’ well-being and health. 

One of our focus areas is increasing family and parental 
support. In 2021, we enhanced our U.S. parental leave policy 
to give birth mothers up to six months of paid parental leave. 
We also began providing 16 weeks of paid bonding leave 
to all other new parents—regardless of gender. In 2022, we 
expanded both policies to our employees across the globe. 

In March, we teamed up with Fidelity to launch our 
new Student Loan Assistance program for eligible U.S. 
employees. The program offers $400 per month to eligible 
employees who have a qualified student loan for their 
own education in an accredited program. Employees can 
take advantage of the benefits tax-free, with the money 
transferring directly to their loan provider.

Additional benefits for 2022 include:

 • Elective fertility preservation through Anthem* 

 • Standalone ID theft protection through LifeLock*

 • Accident and hospital indemnity coverage  

through MetLife*

 • Healthcare concierge and advocacy service through 

In 2022, Lam earned GOLD Recognition 
from the American Heart Association for 
implementing best practices that build a 
culture of health for our employees.

Health Advocate* 

 • Personal Observance Day*

 • Malaysia Fitness Center

*For U.S. employees only

1Deloitte, “Recognition programmes. Are they important?” https://www2.deloitte.com/ie/en/pages/deloitte-private/articles/recognition-programmes.html

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

46

Shaping an inclusive culture

In the dynamic semiconductor industry, our culture keeps 
us strong and steady. It’s what brings us together—and 

Additionally, more than 1,700 global people managers 
participated in our new INCLUDE training which aims to 

what sets our business apart. At Lam, we’re building a 

expand inclusive leadership capabilities, and further embed 

culture based on our company’s Core Values. We welcome 

I&D as a Core Value shaping our culture. We also administered 

diverse perspectives and strive to create an environment 

our Hire Like a Champion training for the second year, which 

where every employee feels they belong. These values are 

supports inclusive hiring practices. The 2022 training included 

key to attracting, retaining, and developing highly skilled 

cohorts in the U.S. and Asia, which focused on recruiting 

talent. They fuel innovation, build mutual respect, and 

high-potential minority and female candidates.

enable us to better serve our customers, colleagues, and 

other stakeholders.  

Setting the intention

Our Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) strategy is led by  

Lam’s global head of inclusion and diversity. It  

includes three pillars:

 • Fostering inclusion

 •

Increasing diversity 

 • Sharing our progress

Our commitment to non-discrimination
We aim to maintain and cultivate a workplace where 
every person has equal opportunities to thrive. Our Global 
Employment Practices Statement declares our support of 
workers’ rights to freedom of association and collective 

bargaining, to the extent permitted under local laws.

In line with the highest ethical and legal standards of 

labor and employment laws in every country where Lam 

maintains our workforce, we are committed to equal 

opportunity and non-discrimination in all our employment 

Lam’s leaders take an intentional and progress-oriented 

practices. We prohibit unlawful discrimination, harassment, 

approach to build inclusive behaviors across our 

and retaliation in any aspect of employment, including 

organization. We aspire to increase the proportion of 

underrepresented employees and women in Lam’s 

workforce. In this regard, skill-building and accountability 

are key. As Lam’s leaders created their performance and 

development plans in 2022, we asked them to set a target 
focused on I&D for the first time.

recruiting, hiring, promotion, and compensation. In 2022, we 
published a new Human Rights policy to further ensure the 
protection, safety, and dignity of all Lam employees. 

Making our  
workplace inclusive  
for people of all abilities

Lam's Employee Relations team works 
closely with employees who have disabilities 
to provide workplace accommodations as 
needed. Together we develop creative and 
effective solutions, such as job  
modifications for physical restrictions,  
sign language interpretation, and  
schedule accommodations to  
minimize obstacles  
or barriers.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

47

Board gender diversity

Gender diversity breakdown

Board gender diversity

Our 2022 workforce at a glance

Board of Directors

Gender

33.3%
Female

66.7%
Male

0.0%
Other

Board ethnic diversity

82.4%
Male
FEMALE

0.1%
Other

MALE

1
80.7%
Male

0.1%
Other

2

3

3

Executives

Global and U.S. Gender

Global

17.5%
Female

ETHNIC DIVERSITY

Asian

U.S.

19.2%
Female

White

Managers

Global and U.S. Gender

Global

18.1%
Female

U.S.

21.3%
Female

Technical 

Employees

Global and U.S. Gender

Advancing equity at Lam 
At Lam, we are committed to promoting equity in  

Global

12.1%
Female

our workforce. To demonstrate this commitment,  

we have expanded our Employee Relations function  
U.S.
globally, providing managers and employees with a  

15.3%
Female

dedicated team to surface and resolve a wide range of  

Graduates

U.S. Gender

workplace issues. 
26.6%
U.S.
Female

81.8%
Male

0.1%
Other

78.5%
Male

0.1%
Other

87.7%
Male

0.1%
Other

84.4%
Male

0.3%
Other

73.0%
Male

0.4%
Other

All Employees 
Global and U.S. Gender
Board of Directors
Gender

Global

20.0%
Female

U.S.

22.3%
33.3%
Female
Female

Executives
Global and U.S. Gender

Global

17.5%
Female

U.S.

19.2%
Female

Managers
Global and U.S. Gender

Global

18.1%
Female

U.S.

21.3%
Female

Technical 
Employees
Global and U.S. Gender

Global

12.1%
Female

U.S.

15.3%
Female

Graduates
U.S. Gender

U.S.

26.6%
Female

To ensure accountability, we regularly measure our progress in recruiting, hiring, and retaining 

a diverse workforce. We also conduct an annual pay equity assessment of our compensation 

New Hires

Global Gender

Global

23.1%
Female

practices and systems to promote fair and equitable compensation in our workforce. 

76.2%
Male

0.7%
Other

We also leverage the expertise of a nationally recognized law firm and its data-driven statistical 

model to objectively analyze our pay practices and identify trends and patterns. We use this 

information to maintain and improve Lam's global compensation philosophy and practices.

New Hires
Global Gender

Global

23.1%
Female

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data. 

79.7%
Male

0.3%
Other

77.3%
66.7%
Male
Male

0.4%
0.0%
Other
Other

82.4%
Male

0.1%
Other

80.7%
Male

0.1%
Other

81.8%
Male

0.1%
Other

78.5%
Male

0.1%
Other

87.7%
Male

0.1%
Other

84.4%
Male

0.3%
Other

73.0%
Male

0.4%
Other

76.2%
Male

0.7%
Other

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

48

2022 Employee demographics

U.S. employees

2.6%

0.7%

0.5%

3.1%

5.8%

7.3%

30.7%

White

Asian

49.3%

Hispanic or Latinx

Chose not to disclose

Two or more races

Black or African American

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander

American Indian or Alaskan Native

U.S. gender and ethnicity

Blank/chose not to disclose

American Indian/Alaskan Native

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander

Two or More Races

4.5%
Male

0.5%
Male

0.2%
Female

0.3%
Other

8.4%
Female

2.4%
Male

0.8%
Female

39.5%
Male

White 

0.1%
Female

0.1%
Female

0.4%
Male

2.1%
Male

0.5%
Female

22.3%
Male

Asian

1.6%
Female

0.1%
Other

5.6%
Male

9.7%
Female

Black or African American

Hispanic or Latinx

U.S. veteran status1

Global employees by generation

U.S. 
veteran 8.3% 

11.0%

8.1%

Employees who disclosed their 
disability status (global)1

Disclosed disability 
status 37.7% 

Non-U.S. 
veteran 91.7% 

27.1%

53.8%

Born

1996 or after

1980-1995

1965-1979

1946-1964

Chose not 
to disclose 62.3%

1 Does not include Silfex.

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data. Data do not include Talus.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

49

Increasing opportunities for diverse talent  
in STEM

Everyone deserves the chance to succeed. Yet diverse 

talent remains largely underrepresented in STEM. Too often, 
students and candidates face institutional, social, and 

economic barriers that make it difficult to break into these 

fields and advance. At Lam, we believe it’s time for that to 

change, so we use our resources, reach, and leadership 

position to move the needle. We collaborate with universities 

and academic organizations to provide internships, fund 

fellowships, and support our recruitment goals, in addition to 

Learn more about the transformative 
learning initiatives launched through 
our new social impact program.

U.S. academic internships and fellowships
Lam serves as a key partner for the National Consortium of 

sponsoring and attending key industry events to amplify and 

Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering (GEM), which 

recruit diverse STEM professionals. 

provides graduate-level fellowships to underrepresented 

candidates in engineering and science. In 2022, we 

Our 2022 activities included attending AfroTech’s annual 

provided $460,000 to enable 20 GEM fellowships—up from 

conference, which brings together Black entrepreneurs and 

13 fellowships in 2021. GEM also provides its fellows with 

innovators. Internally, our Talent Acquisition team piloted 

exposure to industry internship programs, including our own. 

a new centralized talent-sourcing model in the U.S., which 

We were proud to welcome GEM fellows as part of a highly 

emphasizes outreach to diverse candidates and includes a 

diverse and talented intern cohort in 2022.

diverse-slate-of-candidates goal. Other ongoing pipeline-

building activities include: 

U.S. university collaborations
In 2022, we continued our collaboration with the United 

Global academic scholarship awards
When we see passion and talent, we go all in to help STEM 

students succeed. In 2022, several of our locations in Asia 

provided scholarships aimed at increasing I&D in STEM. Lam 

Negro College Fund (UNCF) for the second year. Lam 

provided Thesis Award scholarships to three universities in 

provided $100,000 to fund 20 scholarships at UNCF 

China, as well as scholarships for women in STEM in Taiwan. 

schools, including historically Black colleges and 

universities (HBCUs). We also launched new alumni  

and student recruiting relationships including:

 • Georgia Institute of Technology 

 • National Society of Black Engineers 

 • Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers 

 • Spelman College 

2022 WORKFORCE  
DIVERSITY HIGHLIGHTS

3.0%

increase in proportion of female employees 
in Lam's global workforce from 2021

5.0%

increase in proportion of underrepresented 
employees in Lam's U.S. workforce from 2021

20

fellowships funded through our collaboration 
with GEM

59%

diversity for global intern class

11

hires through partnership with National 
Society of Black Engineers

Learn more about our 
university partnerships 
and programs

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

50

Supporting women in our industry  
and workforce

Despite some improvement, women remain largely 
underrepresented in global STEM careers.1 We are 
committed to shifting this gender imbalance—especially 

in the semiconductor industry—and we know progress 

must start from within. One of our workplace goals is to 

increase the proportion of women throughout our company 

by 2025. To drive progress, we strive to amplify the voice of 

our industry’s women leaders while creating a workplace 

environment where women can excel and advance. 

In 2022, we updated our internal hiring practices to strive 

to include a female employee on every interview panel. 

Compared to 2021, we increased the proportion of women 

at our company by 3.0%. We supported female STEM 

leaders through company webinars, industry conferences, 

and global ERGs. One highlight was attending our first 

in-person Grace Hopper Celebration—the premier U.S. 

conference for women in tech. During the conference, 

three of Lam’s female leaders hosted an inclusion-focused 

career development workshop. Themed “Breaking Barriers 

Through Innovation,” the breakout session engaged more 

than 200 participants. 

Lam also sponsored the 2022 Diversity in Tech 

Symposium, themed “Advancing Climate Resilience.” 

The symposium was hosted by the University 

of California’s EDGE in Tech Initiative, which is 

committed to addressing challenges faced by 

women and other under-included identities in 

engineering and computer science. Also in California, 

Lam attended the Women in Semiconductor 

Hardware conference. We were a finalist for the 

Designing the Difference award, which recognizes 

companies that are making a significant and 

measurable impact on advancing the industry 

through I&D. 

The Lam India Women’s Network (LIWN) 
was our first ERG launched in India. LIWN 
brings female employees together to focus 
on personal and professional development, 
networking and collaboration, and business 
impact. During 2022, LIWN hosted a financial 
awareness session, career-mapping and 
Gallup Strengths profiling workshops, and 
many other events.

At Lam’s new site in  
Malaysia, our manufacturing  
leadership team boasts  

50%  

female representation.

1Catalyst, “Women in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).” https://www.catalyst.org/research/women-in-science-technology-engineering-and-mathematics-stem/#:~:text=Women%20
with%20bachelor's%20degrees%20and,women's%20overall%20underrepresentation%20in%20STEM.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

51

Connecting employees through ERGs

Lam’s ERGs create a welcoming space where employees empower each other to learn, develop, advocate, and lead. Under 

our model, each ERG develops its own charter, initiatives, and goals, which support ESG progress, mentorship, inclusion, 

community outreach, and employee engagement.

Members of our CEO staff engage closely with ERGs and serve as executive sponsors for each group. The support goes 

two ways, with sponsors often seeking feedback on emerging and ongoing company initiatives. In 2022, our leaders held 

roundtables with global ERGs, including a U.S. roundtable where over 80 participants joined Lam’s CEO. Globally, we continued 

to grow our ERG network, achieving above-average Fortune 500 participation. Our global ERGs include:

Black Employee 
Network

Community of Latinos 
and African Americans 
for Student Success  
and Outreach

Lam Employee 
Sustainability 
Community*

Lam India Women’s 
Network

Lam’s Veteran 
Community

New Professionals 
Network

PRIDE LGBTQ+ Allies

Women in Customer 
Suppport Business 
Group (CSBG)

Women in Engineering

Women@Fremont

Women in Global 
Operations (WGOP) 
U.S. Korea, and Malaysia

Women in Korea

Women in Leadership 
at Lam

Women of  
Southeast Asia

Women in Taiwan

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

52

Cultivating inclusion  
year-round 

Creating an inclusive culture is a year-round 
commitment. It’s part of how we show up at work each 
day. We also take time to highlight important moments 
throughout the year that honor, celebrate, or affect 
diverse employee groups. Examples from 2022 included:

 • Black History Month: honored with a letter to 

employees from Vince Brigman, Lam’s corporate vice 
president of global finance and corporate functions 
operations, who also sponsors two ERGs 

 •

International Women’s Day: celebrated with a “Break 
the Bias” webinar and campaign promoted by our 
LIWN ERG

 • Earth Month: included activities hosted by our global 

chapters of LESC and the local green teams

 • PRIDE: celebrated by Lam’s Pride ERG, which hit a new 

milestone by growing to 200 members

 • Global Diversity Awareness Month: featured several 

activities, including a keynote on “Reimagining Global 
Inclusion,” an interactive theatrical activity, and 
interactive conversations on “Leading from the Top”

ERG FAST FACTS 

We now have 15 ERGs in 6 countries with  
3,500+ members.1 

ERGs hosted 60+ events in 2022.

We began promoting ERGs through our 
onboarding materials to help employees get 
involved right away.

Learn more about one of  
our newest ERGs, LESC 

Women should not have to settle based on limitations 
and boundaries. At Lam, we’re asking what can be done 
to remove those barriers, instead. Our Women in Global 
Operations ERG helps members address potential barriers 
by growing their network, finding mentorship and 
guidance, and building long-term careers at Lam.” 

Soon Kuek
managing director and general manager, 
Lam Malaysia manufacturing

1Employees may belong to multiple ERGs as we encourage allyship and cross-cultural engagement.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

53

Keeping our 
employees safe

Ensuring employees’ safety is fundamental to creating 
a positive work experience—whether it be in an office, 
manufacturing plant, or lab. We follow strict safety protocols 
and prioritize training and risk controls to help employees 
safely perform their tasks.1 

Our global EHS policy applies to every employee and  
outlines our commitment to protecting all Lam personnel  
and minimizing risk. 

1Data are inclusive of Lam Research and Silfex.

We also maintain a single site certification at our Fremont, 
California, headquarters for ISO 45001, the globally 
recognized standard for occupational health and safety 
management systems. 

In 2022, our Tualatin, Oregon, site achieved Voluntary 
Protection Program Star Status, the highest health and safety 
award bestowed by OSHA’s U.S. and Oregon divisions. The 
award recognizes Lam’s low illness and injury rates and our 
commitment to a culture of safety—setting us on a bold 
trajectory for continuous improvement and accountability for 
our safety performance. Overall, we conducted more than 
264,000 Risk Management by Walking Around inspections, 
a process used to identify and track safety issues and 
implement corrective actions.  

Learn more about our safety 
program and governance

At Lam Korea, we apply a ‘planning, execution, 
validation, and problem-solving’ cycle, based on 
the safety and health management practices put 
forth by ISO 45001. We strive to monitor and 
address risks that can lead to safety and health 
issues while building a safety culture for  
all employees.”

Andy Yeo 
EHS specialist at Lam Korea

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

54

Working toward our safety goal

One of our ESG goals is to achieve an OSHA recordable injury rate at or 
below 0.4. In 2022, we achieved a rate of 0.35. Lam’s growth in 2022 posed 
additional safety challenges, as we increased the number of temporary 
employees working in our operations. To offset this challenge, we invested 
in prevention-based education, training, awareness, and emergency 
preparedness programs. 

Examples of these investments include our general health and safety training, 
physical training program, and ergonomic assessments. We also continued 
our Safety Awareness for Everyone (SAFE) program, which we use to update 
employees on emerging safety issues. We employ SAFE to prevent future 
issues by including lessons and stories based on incidents from the past.

2022 SAFETY PERFORMANCE

63,000

hours employee safety 
training completed

63% 

injuries attributed to 
strains, sprains, slips, 
trips, and falls

0

fatalities

Recordable injury rate (Lam vs. industry)

r
a
e
y
r
e
p
s
e
e
y
o
l
p
m
e
0
0
1
r
e
p
s
t
n
e
d
i
c
n
I

0.7

0.7

0.34

0.26

0.5

0.40

2019

2020

2021

2022

INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT

Innovation spotlight: Enabling a safe, smooth 
shift to next-generation product design 

Typically, engineers design products using 3D models, then deliver manufacturing information 

in 2D drawings. At Lam, we’re moving to a new model-based definition (MBD) format, in which 

engineers embed all product data—including assembly-level bills of materials (BOMs)—directly 

in their 3D models. 

Using MDB reduces design time and creates a single resource for Lam’s engineers, 

Industry average

Lam rate

Lam target

At or Below
0.4

0.35

manufacturers, suppliers, and customers. However, there are challenges in making the 

transition. For example, to create a 3D spare-parts identifier, which field technicians and 

customers use to service tools and replace parts, engineers must manually copy part numbers 

from a BOM and paste them into a computer-aided design model for verification. 

Ramanathan Kannappan, a Bangalore-based senior designer at Lam, identified several 

issues with this process. Copying the wrong part number or overwriting data can lead field 

technicians and customers to order the wrong part, and engineers risk repetitive strain injuries 

by completing the same task hundreds of times. 

As a solution, Ramanathan created a macro for the BOM that identifies duplicate parts, prevents 

data overrides, and improves project communication. Since implementing the macro, engineers 

have nearly eliminated data errors and cut project-ownership times by up to 50%.

 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

55

Responsible supply chain

IN THIS SECTION:

56  Highlights

57  Our strategy for mutual success

60  Advancing climate action together

61  Upholding human rights

61  Ensuring responsible sourcing of minerals

61  Cultivating a diverse supply chain

62  Collaborating toward ESG progress

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

56

We collaborate  
with suppliers to 
grow and scale for 
the future. 

Lam’s advanced technologies rely on specialized materials 
and components. To source them, we collaborate with 
thousands of suppliers around the world. We invest in supplier 
relationships built on shared values of open communication 
and trust. Our Core Values drive us to take ownership for 
upholding responsible, ethical practices and continuously 
improving our supply chain performance over time. 

Our supply chain focus areas include climate action, human 
rights, supplier diversity, and responsible mineral sourcing. 
To increase supplier engagement across these areas in 
2022, we matured our supply chain management processes 
and grew our Supply Chain ESG team. We also surveyed 
our suppliers on their climate performance and helped them 
accelerate progress toward their sustainability goals. By 
the year’s end, more than half of our top 100 suppliers (by 
spend) acknowledged our Climate Pledge. Together, we can 
collaborate toward mutual ESG progress and long-term, 
sustainable business growth.

RELEVANT SDGS

View SDG alignment 

Responsible supply chain1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

Achieve more than 90% compliance with 
our social and environmental expectations 
across our top-tier suppliers

Engage with at least 50% of our top-tier 
suppliers on environmental sustainability 
opportunities

Increase engagement with all suppliers on 
social and environmental topics through 
assessment, training, and capacity building

•  Exceeded our goal with 94% of suppliers 
responding to our conflict minerals survey

•  Exceeded our goal by engaging with 100% 

of top-tier suppliers in 2022

•  Deepened supplier engagement through our 
inaugural Supplier ESG Forum, new supplier 
engagement platform, new monthly webinar 
series and newsletter, and additional trainings 
via the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)

46.5% of suppliers measured by emissions 
will set SBTs2

•  14.5% of suppliers as measured by 

emissions have set SBTs

2022 HIGHLIGHTS
Launched our supplier 
engagement platform

Received Lam Climate 
Pledge acknowledgments 
from 53% of top 100 suppliers

Engaged suppliers at Lam’s 
inaugural Supplier ESG Forum

Leveraged RBA tools to assess 
supplier performance

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. 

2 Previously, this goal targeted SBTs for 80% of top direct suppliers (by spend) by 2025 and 95% by 2030. Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Note: Unless otherwise noted, data in this chapter are inclusive of direct material spend globally.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

57

Our strategy for 
mutual success

Lam’s supply chain is extensive, so we employ 
strong oversight and governance to facilitate 
comprehensive supply chain management 
across the globe. Our Supply Chain ESG team 
leads our direct supplier risk assessment 
efforts, with a focus on driving continuous 
improvements. Lam also has cross-functional 
supply chain teams that collaborate to share 
best practices around supplier engagement. 

Embedding ESG across our supply chain

We manage and monitor ESG performance throughout our 
supply chain through a strategic framework built on five pillars:

Transparency

Training

Responsibility

Risk Assessment 
and Audit

Governance

We believe it is vital that we prioritize innovation, 
competitiveness, collaboration, and supply chain security 
to maintain U.S. leadership in this critical global industry.”

Tim Archer
president and CEO of Lam
speaking about U.S. semiconductor competitiveness during his testimony before 
the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 

Learn more about his testimony

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

58

Managing the supplier lifecycle 

Lam engages suppliers early in the supplier lifecycle and 
continues to manage and facilitate their progress over time. 
We evaluate suppliers based on multiple factors, including 
known human rights risk indicators, geography, and spend. 
Upon selection, we encourage suppliers to become RBA 
members and contractually require that every supplier 
adheres to our Global Supplier Code of Conduct (GSCC), the 
RBA Code of Conduct, and applicable laws and regulations. 
Throughout the supplier lifecycle, we continue to conduct 
due diligence using a risk-based approach. This process 
may include RBA audit reports, inspections, and corrective 
actions as needed. 

In 2022, we leveraged additional RBA tools to better quantify 
risks in the regions where our suppliers operate. This included 
requesting and collecting RBA self-assessment questionnaires 
(SAQ) and audit assessments via RBA's Validated Assessment 
Program. Through the process, we identified three high-risk 
countries for child labor and migrant labor. We use country-
level risk data to inform our overall supplier engagement and 
assessment strategy. And, for any specific supplier risks, we 
apply the RBA guidelines to address those on a case-by-case 
basis by requesting corrective action plans and that follow-
up closure audits are completed. 

Europe, Middle East & Africa 6.1%

Asia 45.2%

Direct material 
spend by region 
of origin in 2022

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN BY THE NUMBERS

1,483 supplier families 

in over 25 countries support 
our global operations

11 

of our top 100 suppliers  
have established SBTs

17 

of our top 100 suppliers 
are RBA members

We source minerals 
sourced from smelters in  

51 countries

Our diverse supplier spending totaled 

$123.3M 

in 20221

269

Lam employees completed human 
rights training in 2022

INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT

Leveraging plug-and-play technology to 
expedite direct material shipments

Supply chain challenges in 2022 led to significant delivery delays for certain tools. As the team worked to address 

these challenges, one opportunity that was identified led to reduced delivery time for some shipments by more 

than 50%. How did we do it? A cellphone-sized device that costs about $40.

The idea came from Joe Picciocchi, who joined Lam’s Livermore, California, site in 2021 as senior manager of 
logistics. At the time, it took about 12 days for a shipment from our supplier in Guadalajara, Mexico, to arrive at our 

Tualatin, Oregon, site. Realizing Logistics had no way of tracking a package’s location, Joe launched an initiative to 

equip critical shipments with inexpensive trackers that provide real-time location data. This empowered Logistics 

to optimize manufacturing schedules and hold transportation vendors accountable. 

1 Represents spend of direct and indirect suppliers.

Americas 48.7%

As a result, the shipping time from Guadalajara, Mexico, to Tualatin, Oregon, now takes just four to five days. Currently, 

Logistics is tying its shipment-tracking data to Lam’s Transportation Management System. In the future, the system 

could leverage predictive analytics and artificial intelligence to automatically plan and dispatch shipments.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

59

Conducting due diligence at key steps

Screening and evaluation

Onboarding

Getting started

Managing progress

 • Lam's top direct material suppliers 
are assessed on human rights, 
environmental impact, and  
other known risk indicators  
including business volume  
and geographic location.

 • New direct suppliers are required 
to acknowledge Lam's GSCC. 

 • Existing qualified suppliers are 

contractually obligated to comply 
with the GSCC as well as the RBA 
Code of Conduct. 

 • Critical suppliers are assessed 

 • Our top suppliers are eligible to 

though our Quality Management 
System (QMS) with a focus on 
new regional suppliers supporting 
Lam's Asia manfacturing locations.

be awarded bonus points on their 
monthly Supplier Scorecard for 
diversity, ISO-14001 certification 
or RBA membership.

 • We ask our top suppliers to 
acknowledge Lam's Climate 
Pledge and provide carbon 
emissions data via our supplier 
engagement platform.

 • We offer supplier support to  

build environmental knowledge 
and capabilities that includes 
webinars and resources from 
academic institutions and subject 
matter experts.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

60

Advancing climate 
action together

2022 ESG SUPPLIER SURVEY & PLEDGE RESULTS

Beyond supporting our business and customers, our supplier 
relationships are intrinsic to our net zero targets. Upstream activities 
contribute to our Scope 3 emissions, so if we want to reduce them, 
we need top suppliers on board. 

59% 

survey completion and 53% acknowledgement 
of the Lam Climate Pledge by top 100 suppliers.

9 

suppliers completed energy audits.

21 

of our top 100 suppliers published annual 
sustainability reports.

50% 

of supplier survey respondents indicated  
they are using renewable energy.

In 2022, we engaged with 100% of our top-tier suppliers (by spend) 
on environmental sustainability opportunities, exceeding our goal of 
engaging at least 50% of our top-tier suppliers on these topics by 
2025. We also made progress toward our 2025 goal by supporting 
46.5% of top suppliers (measured by emissions) in setting SBTs. 

During the year, we surveyed our top suppliers to better understand 
their climate progress and encouraged them to commit to climate 
action by acknowledging our Climate Pledge. We also began asking 
suppliers to take a carbon footprinting class through the RBA. By 
engaging suppliers on these issues, we are encouraging them to 
measure and manage important areas of their environmental impact. 
This supports mutual progress toward our respective ESG priorities 
and goals.

Europe, Middle East & Africa 11%

Asia 23%

North 
America 66%

ESG survey 
respondents  
by region  
of origin1

1Based on ESG survey responses from 62 suppliers. Data have been rounded.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

61

Upholding 
human rights

When it comes to safe, dignified, and lawful working 
conditions, no one should be left behind. We are committed 
to protecting and supporting human rights—both in our 
supply chain and in our global operations. Not only is this a 
compliance issue; it aligns with our Core Values of honesty, 
integrity, mutual respect, and mutual trust. We expect our 
suppliers and sites to comply with laws including—but not 
limited to—the U.K. Modern Slavery Act of 2015 and the 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010.

Lam published its first Human Rights Policy in 2022, which 
outlines our expectations to uphold internationally recognized 
human rights. This policy applies to all employees and we 
expect our suppliers, as well as our business and community 
partners, to adopt similar practices. The policy aligns with 
the RBA’s Code of Conduct and builds on expectations 
outlined in our GSCC. Additionally, our Global Employment 
Practices Statement declares our support of workers’ rights 
to freedom of association and collective bargaining, to the 
extent permitted under local laws. These documents are 
distributed via email, published on our intranet, and made 
publicly available on our website.

Regular training is an important part of our human rights 
program. And in 2022, we had 269 global supply chain 
management employees complete human rights training. 
We also requested our top suppliers to complete RBA’s 
online human rights module. 

Ensuring responsible 
sourcing of minerals

Raw minerals are the building blocks of semiconductor 
technology, and we are committed to ensuring that they are 
ethically and responsibly sourced. Lam is a member of the 
Responsible Mineral Initiative (RMI), a multi-stakeholder 
organization that helps address egregious human rights 
issues in the mining of tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and 
other minerals of concern. Since 2012, we have used the 
Conflict Minerals Reporting Template developed by RMI 
to assess our suppliers. In 2022, we expanded our due 
diligence efforts related to minerals of concern to include 
cobalt and mica, as recommended by RMI. 

Cultivating a diverse 
supply chain

Inclusion and diversity are part of our Core Values at Lam, 
and we recognize the value that our relationships with 
diverse suppliers bring. During our supplier onboarding 
process, we implement measures to identify diverse 
suppliers, including minority-, women-, LGBTQ+-, and 
veteran-owned businesses, as well as businesses owned 
by people with disabilities. We also include diverse 
qualifications in our Supplier Scorecard and track and  
report spending with diverse direct material suppliers  
on a periodic basis. Our diverse supplier spend totaled  
$123.3 million in 2022.

Learn more about how we uphold 
human rights in our supply chain

Access our Conflict Minerals 
Policy Statement

Learn more about our approach 
to cultivating a diverse supplier 
network    

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

62

Collaborating toward 
ESG progress 

Our Supply Chain ESG team engages suppliers to understand their challenges, 
priorities, and needs. They also reach out with best practices and resources to help 
suppliers build capability to make progress on social and environmental goals. In 
addition to rolling out our supplier engagement platform in 2022, we launched: 

 • An ESG-focused webinar series and a monthly newsletter, which we shared with 

nearly 200 direct and indirect suppliers 

 • A dedicated email address for supplier queries

 • An ESG portal to provide suppliers with additional support and resources 

We also offered additional training sessions and tools to help suppliers calculate 
their GHG emissions.

Celebrating and connecting with top suppliers

Semiconductors are strategically important to the world. Throughout 2022, our 
suppliers played a key role in ensuring that the semiconductor ecosystem could 
continue to meet heightened demand. We presented our highest-performing 
suppliers with Excellence Awards during our annual Supplier Day at the end of 
October, recognizing their accomplishments across several categories. 

In conjunction with Supplier Day, we held our inaugural Supplier ESG Forum where 
we presented XP Power with our Supplier ESG award. The event included an expert 
panel with Lam's supply chain leaders, a keynote speaker from our customer Intel, 
and a presentation from a key supplier, Celestica. The forum was a catalyst for 
relationship-building and prioritizing environmental initiatives.

There’s a reason why open communication 
is one of Lam’s Core Values—we believe it 
translates to mutual success. This holds true 
for our approach to engaging suppliers to 
drive joint progress on climate action, human 
rights, and other issues related to ESG. By 
investing in close, collaborative partnerships, 
we can build a stronger semiconductor 
ecosystem and future for all.”

Pat Lord
chief operating officer at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

63

Our communities

IN THIS SECTION:

64  Highlights

65  Powering breakthroughs together

66  Transformative learning

Name
Title

68  Resilient communities

69 

Inclusive societies

70  Turning employees’ passion into action

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

64

We use our  
resources to foster 
communities that are 
empowered, inclusive, 
and resilient.  

Lam’s business is about powering semiconductor 
breakthroughs, and our communities know we don’t stop 
there. We fund community programs that uplift the places 
where we operate and live—in line with our Guiding 
Principle to act with purpose for a better world. Beyond our 
philanthropic work, we encourage employees to participate 
in community initiatives on the ground. Lam attracts people 
who are changemakers and problem solvers at heart—
when they see a community in need, they pitch in. 

In 2022, our employees worked alongside colleagues and 
neighbors to pack backpacks, donate textbooks, and plant 
trees. They held fundraisers and drives to support local causes 
and took part in Lam’s longtime tradition of delivering joy. As 
an organization, we launched our new social impact platform, 
which focuses our community work around three areas that 
align with our values and strengths. Lam also kicked off our 
first signature initiative, a three-year collaboration with FIRST 
Global. We look forward to working with the organization to 
inspire science and technology leadership and innovation in 
youth. It’s just one way we’re working with our community 
partners to power breakthroughs together. 

RELEVANT SDGS

Community1

GOAL

STATUS

2022 PROGRESS

Determine key targets for larger-
scale impact aligned to a new 
strategic focus

Implement measurement of 
outcomes for key program and  
large-scale grants

Increase annual unique participation 
rate in all employee giving programs 
from 10% to 30%

Increase employee volunteer hours  
by 33% from a 2019 baseline

•  Achieved our goal by launching a new social 
impact framework with three strategic focus 
areas to guide our giving and signature 
program initiatives

•  Began developing a reporting process and 

measurement outcomes

•  Increased annual unique employee participation 

rate from 10% in 2021 to 18% in 2022

•  Achieved and surpassed our goal with 

employees completing 21,133 volunteer hours 
in 2022 for a total increase of 58% from a 
2019 baseline2 and set a new goal to achieve 
40,000 by end of 2025

2022 HIGHLIGHTS
Rolled out Lam’s new  Powering 
Breakthroughs Together 
social impact platform

Committed $10M 
over three years to 
FIRST Global

Increased volunteer hours by  
65% from 2021, logging 21,133 
hours in 2022

Organized 80+  
employee-driven events for 
our Deliver Joy campaign

View SDG alignment

1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025. Data in this chapter are inclusive of Lam Research and Silfex.

2  Based on data tracked through our community engagement platform.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

65

Powering breakthroughs together

One of Lam’s Guiding Principles is to act with purpose for a better world. In 2022, we introduced 
our new social impact platform to bring that vision to life. Our new platform, Powering 
Breakthroughs Together, provides a framework for Lam to make a positive community impact 
where it matters most. Our strategy is to cultivate meaningful relationships with charitable 
organizations that share our purpose and vision. In August 2022, we closed our first cycle of 
grants with applicants supporting each of our focus areas:

Transformative learning
We’re pushing the boundaries of education to carve out new pathways for learners, 
innovators, and creative thinkers. 

Resilient communities
We’re helping communities build resilience in the face of adversity through strong 
relationships, enhanced technological capacity, preparedness, and recovery planning.

Inclusive societies
We're working to change inequitable systems and increase access to resources and 
opportunities that help communities reach their full potential and flourish. 

Our social impact manifesto   

For more than forty years, we’ve defied conventions.

Challenged assumptions.

Pushed the boundaries of technical limitations.

But we know, technology alone doesn’t enable breakthroughs.

People do.

They think big to build better communities.

To create safer, more sustainable systems.

To relentlessly pursue innovation that delivers real impact.

When people are empowered to collectively reimagine tomorrow,

we power a better world for generations to come.

Our new Powering Breakthroughs 
Together platform speaks to what 
Lam stands for and the type of social 
impact we want to make. Through 
it, we’re building meaningful 
partnerships with organizations that 
align with Lam’s Guiding Principle to 
act with purpose for a better world.” 

Christie Valdez
director of community relations at Lam

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

66

Transformative learning

Curiosity and inspired learning are key to powering breakthroughs, so we invest 
in the ongoing foundational elements that lead to continuous discoveries and 
innovations. This includes making investments in programs that are:

 • Pushing the boundaries of traditional approaches to education, with an aim 
to introduce new ways of learning, foster new discoveries, shift mindsets, and 
empower growth

 •

Inspiring the next generation of innovators to solve the world’s most pressing 
problems through engineering and/or technology

 • Equipping people with the knowledge and skillsets needed to succeed in the 

innovation workforce of the future

Launching our signature program with FIRST Global

Ready. Set. Carbon capture. That was the objective of the 2022 FIRST Global challenge, held 
in Geneva, Switzerland. The Olympics-style international robotics competition brought together 
1,550 students from 180 countries and 179 teams. Using kits of identical parts, the teams built  
and programmed robots, working together to complete tasks in a challenge themed around 
carbon capture.1

Lam provided a $1.33 million donation to support FIRST Global in 2022 and served as the premier 
sponsor for the challenge. We also engaged 17 employees who volunteered as mentors for the 
students. During the event, Lam’s chief technology officer announced Lam’s long-term FIRST 
Global commitment: A donation of $10 million over the next three years, beginning in 2023. 

The 2022 FIRST Global challenge included:
1,550 
students 
directly impacted

179 teams 
representing 180 
countries, including a 
team of refugees

65+ solutions 
developed  
to capture and store carbon 
as part of the challenge’s 
technology experience

39% female participation 
including an all-girls team

$1.33M donation 
from Lam followed by a 
commitment of $10M over three years, 
starting in 2023

FIRST Global enables transformative learning on 
a world stage…The competition is an important 
opportunity to showcase and foster the critical 
thinking required to address the challenges facing 
our industry and, more broadly, society.” 

Rick Gottscho
executive vice president, strategic advisor to the CEO,  
and former chief technology officer at Lam

1 First Global, “2022 Theme: Capture and storage of carbon dioxide.” https://first.global/archive/fgc-2022/ 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

67

TRANSFORMATIVE LEARNING INITIATIVES IN 2022

FIRST Global

“What if every child had the tools they needed to 
solve problems in their own communities?” That’s the 
question posed by FIRST Global, a nonprofit working 
to inspire science and technology leadership and 
innovation in young people from all nations through 
robotics. In 2022, Lam donated $1.33 million to the 
organization and announced an additional $10 million 
donation, to be distributed over the next three years. 

East Oakland Youth Development Center (EOYDC)

California’s EOYDC is on a mission to develop the 
social and leadership capacities of youth and young 
adults. The center works to prepare local youth for 
future employment, higher education, and leadership 
opportunities.1 Lam bolstered EOYDC’s programs with 
a $300,000 donation to foster education equity for 
1,000 Black and Latinx low-income youth.

Kids and Future Foundation Hello Coding Camp 

The vision of the Kids and Future Foundation is to  
see a world where every youth can realize their  
dreams of a better, brighter future.2 Lam’s South 
Korea site partnered with the foundation to support 
117 students’ participation in the Hello Coding Camp 
afterschool program.

Family Giving Tree and Hawks View Elementary 

For six years, the Women in Leadership at Lam ERG has 
collaborated with the Family Giving Tree in California 
for its annual backpack drive. In 2022, more than 70 
employees supported the effort, bringing in  
the help of family members and friends to fill and deliver 
1,500 backpacks for Bay Area students. Inspired by  
the drive at our headquarters, a product manager  
at Lam rallied 22 employees in Oregon to deliver  
250 backpacks filled with school supplies to Hawks 
View Elementary school students.

1EOYDC, “Building character to build community.” https://eoydc.org/ 

2Give2Asia “Kids and future foundation.” https://give2asia.org/kidsandfuture/ 

Lam received the Silicon 
Valley Business Journal’s 
2022 Community Impact 
Award, which recognizes 
businesses and nonprofits 
making a positive impact 
in Silicon Valley.

Other activities included: 

U.S.

 • Supporting Springfield High School’s STEM Learning Academy program in Ohio 

(via Silfex), which provides students with STEM experiences and supplies

 • Serving as the title sponsor for the Silicon Valley Leadership Group Foundation’s 
Heart & Soles run, whose objective is to promote Silicon Valley student success 
through increased physical activity and access to healthy foods

ASIA

 • Supporting the National Science and Technology Museum’s coding and robotics 

programs for elementary and junior high school students from remote and 
disadvantaged areas in Taiwan

 • Donating textbooks to university students majoring in engineering in South 

Korea to encourage their STEM learning journey 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

68

Resilient 
communities

We support programs to strengthen relationships, 
technology, preparedness, and recovery plans that enable 
communities to succeed in the face of adversity. This includes 
making investments in programs that are: 

 •

Implementing disaster preparedness and recovery plans 
that strengthen communities

 • Engaging and connecting with community members 
to support the adoption, maintenance, and evolution of 
preparedness, recovery, and relief efforts

 • Helping rebuild communities impacted by natural 

disasters or adverse conditions

 • Curbing climate change and mitigating its impact

Members of our LESC ERG engaged 
in year-round sustainability efforts 
in the U.S., Asia, and Europe. Learn  
how they’re supporting community 
resilience across the globe

2022 INITIATIVES FOR RESILIENT COMMUNITIES:

One Tree Planted

One dollar. One tree. One planet. That’s the idea behind 
One Tree Planted, a nonprofit organization focused on 
reforestation. Through a $100,000 donation, Lam supported 
the organization’s efforts in Europe to restore forests, 
create habitat for biodiversity, and make a positive social 
impact around the world.1

United Way Bengaluru 

The Lam Foundation supports United Way Bengaluru's 
efforts in India to restore a local school. Based on the 
school’s design and location, it has been subject to annual 
flooding and fallen into disrepair. Lam pledged $600,000 
over the next three years to support the resiliency project, 
with additional funds provided by Lam’s India site.

Tse-Xin Organic Agriculture Foundation (TOAF)

Based in Taiwan, TOAF works to restore the environment 
while improving people’s livelihoods and well-being. The 
Lam Foundation provided a grant to help TOAF establish 
coastal forests to prevent coastal erosion. In addition,  
39 Lam employees volunteered alongside family members 
to plant 1,000 trees along the island. 

GlobalGiving’s Carinthia Storm Response Campaign

In August, a series of storms near our site in Villach, Austria, 
caused widespread damage and destruction. In response,  
47 Lam employees raised over $8,000, including the 
company match, to help communities in the area rebuild, with 
additional relief funding provided by the Lam Foundation. 
Both donations went to GlobalGiving’s Caritas Carinthia 
project, providing food, medical, and financial support. 

Other activities included: 

U.S.

 • Donating over $4,000 raised by 66 employees, 
including Lam's company match to support 
communities impacted by hurricanes Ian  
and Fiona 

ASIA

 • Celebrating Lam Japan’s 30th anniversary 

through donations to three nonprofits selected 
based on a vote by regional employees

 • Collaborating with the National Nature Trust 

in support of habitat preservation, restoration 
projects, and endangered species protection 
projects in South Korea

Lam Research is a company that acts on both a global and local scale. 
Eighty-five percent of our Lam Villach employees live in Carinthia, 
so I see it as our duty to support the local area and its charitable 
organizations. It makes me proud whenever we can share our 
company’s successes with those less fortunate.”

1One Tree Planted, “About us.” https://onetreeplanted.org/pages/about-us 

Walter Lerch
managing director, business operations at Lam Villach

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

69

v

Celebrating our legacy 
of delivering joy

One of Lam’s enduring traditions is our annual campaign to Deliver 
Joy, which engages employees to support communities where 
they live and work around the world. In 2022, employees across  
18 countries organized 82 volunteer events, contributing over  
10,000 volunteer hours and raising $1.3 million in community 
donations alongside the Lam Foundation. 

On GivingTuesday, many employees took advantage of our two-for-
one corporate match. Others chose to volunteer at local food banks or 
participate in activities through their ERGs. For example, Lam Malaysia 
teamed up with the Women’s Center for Change to support initiatives 
that empower women and children. Employees donated pre-loved 
items and volunteered for a sale to raise funds for the organization. 

Other Asia-based employees assembled care packages to support 
approximately 450 teenagers experiencing homelessness, and, in 
Japan, employees gathered and delivered clothes to local foster 
children. Meanwhile, Lam China employees participated in a 
donation drive to provide remote, underprivileged students in the 
Sichuan and Yunnan provinces with recess equipment and books. 

Finally, in North America and Europe, our teams mobilized for a 
range of donation drives and community support activities. This 
included facilitating a toy drive benefiting Toys for Tots in the U.S.

Inclusive societies

Successful societies are inclusive societies. We invest in 
initiatives to facilitate equitable access and opportunities 
to help communities reach their full potential. This includes 
making investments in programs that are:

Learn more about how we’re 
collaborating with universities 
to support I&D in STEM

 • Eliminating barriers that prevent vulnerable, 

Sankalp Student Needs Program

marginalized, and/or disadvantaged groups from 
fully participating in social institutions (after-school 
programs, education systems, workplaces, etc.)

 • Leveling the playing field for underserved and 

underrepresented communities’ long-term economic 
and physical well-being

 • Driving systemic change to break the cycle of  

inequities and/or designing new systems, processes,  
and procedures with inclusion in mind

Through the efforts of Sankalp, the corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) team at Lam India, more than 
400 economically disadvantaged students from three 
local schools were provided with essentials, such as 
classwork supplies, textbooks, school clothing items, 
and nutritional snack kits to help mitigate barriers to 
obtaining an equitable education. This project was one 
of many that Sankalp supported through local Lam 
India CSR-dedicated funding, which totaled more than 
$80,000 in 2022.

INCLUSIVE SOCIETIES INITIATIVES IN 2022

International Rescue Committee

In response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, the 
Lam Foundation provided a $100,000 donation to the 
International Rescue Committee to uplift those who 
have been impacted and displaced during the war. Lam’s 
employees also rallied behind the people of Ukraine, with 
327 employees donating a total of $60,000, including the 
company match, to support the country’s refugees. 

United Negro College Fund (UNCF)

UNCF envisions a nation where all Americans have equal 
access to a college education that prepares them for 
rich intellectual lives, competitive and fulfilling careers, 
engaged citizenship, and service to our nation.1 Lam is 
proud to have partnered with this organization over the 
last several years in support of multiple activities. For the 
second year in 2022, Lam provided $100,000 to UNCF to 
fund 20 scholarships to historically Black colleges and 
universities (HBCUs). 

Stand Against Hate Fundraising Campaign

Bias- and hate-motivated crimes are a threat to 
our communities. After a deadly shooting targeting 
LGBTQ+ individuals in Colorado Springs, Colorado, 
24 Lam employees donated $6,500, including the 
company match, to a community response campaign, 
with the funds split among several organizations 
supporting services for LGBTQ+ youth and mass 
casualty crime victims. 

Singapore Children’s Society 

Established in 1952, the Singapore Children’s Society 
protects and nurtures children and youth of all 
races and religions. We provided grant support for 
youth services, anti-bullying campaigns, and the 
organization’s annual “Walk for Children.” Lam’s team 
in the region also supported the organization by 
donating school supplies to local students.

1 UNCF, “Our mission.” https://uncf.org/our-mission 

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

70

Creating a service-oriented culture 
at Silfex, a Lam subsidiary

In 2022, Silfex employees at our Eaton and Springfield, Ohio, sites 
found creative ways to uplift and serve their local communities. 
Examples include: 

 • Celebrating National Pet Month by organizing pet adoptions and 

running a pet supply drive to support local shelters

 • Supporting Pink Ribbon Girls to promote breast cancer awareness

 • Packing boxes of goods for the Second Harvest Food Bank during 

Thanksgiving (and achieving an all-time box-packing record)

 • Volunteering with Preble County Christmas for Kids to sponsor 

nearly 200 wish lists for local kids

Other activities included: 

U.S.

 • Working with Girls Inc. of the Pacific Northwest to support their STEM-focused 

Eureka! program, a five-year skills and knowledge development program for girls 
in underserved communities

 • Continuing our relationship with the Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley to 

support the Latinos in Technology scholarship initiative 

Turning employees’ passion 
into action

At Lam, we believe wholeheartedly in our employees’ potential to reimagine tomorrow. We 
encourage them to engage with their local communities to activate positive change. By 
providing opportunities for community involvement, we also give our company a competitive 
edge. Our teams work best when they feel inspired, and our community programs attract 
new employees who are passionate about this work. 

Employees can track their volunteer hours and make charitable contributions through our 
community engagement platform. Lam provides monetary matching gifts, matching dollars 
for employee volunteer time, and resources for our teams to mobilize and volunteer. We are 
also growing our Lam Cares ambassador program, which enables employees to champion 
community involvement for their teams, departments, and regions.   

In 2022, employees showed depth of impact through recurring donations, weekly 
volunteerism, and activities facilitated by our ERGs. Our partnership with Rise Against 
Hunger is just one example, in which we held meal-packing events with groups of  
100-150 employees.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

71

2022 COMMUNITY GIVING BY THE NUMBERS

2,153 

organizations supported in 2022

1,331 

employees volunteered a total of 

21,133 hours

18%  

employee participation rate 
through our community 
engagement platform

300%+ 

increase in new-hire 
engagement throughout 2022

10 

employee-led ERG events  
supported, generating 

$6.6M

donated by the 
Lam Foundation

$1.2M  

provided by the Lam Foundation  
to match employee donations

475 volunteer hours

$1.4M

raised through employee  
donations

$135K  

raised by employees 
for disaster and 
crisis relief

$1.3M 

donated by the Lam Foundation and 
employees for Deliver Joy  

10K+

volunteer hours completed by  
employees in 18 countries for Deliver Joy

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

72

Resources

IN THIS SECTION:

73  About this report

74  Assurance letter

82  Additional information

83  Cautionary statement

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

73

About this report 

Lam Research Corporation published this report to provide an overview of our company’s products, services, and operations 
related to ESG performance. This report covers calendar year 2022, with some exceptions noted, including financial data that 
is Lam’s fiscal year (June 28, 2021 – June 26, 2022). The report encompasses our wholly owned subsidiaries across the globe, 
with some data limited to particular geographies, which we note throughout the report.

We self-declare that this report is completed In Reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Universal Standards. A GRI 
index at the end of this report shows our alignment with GRI reporting elements and our priority ESG topics. We intend to 
continue to report annually.

We also report in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standard for the Technology and 
Communications Sector: Semiconductor Industry. This alignment is detailed in the SASB index.

We have noted any significant changes in scope and boundary throughout the report that may vary from our 2021 report, 
published in 2022. External assurance is limited to financial data from the consolidated financial statements in our 2022 
Annual Report on SEC Form 10-K and environmental and safety data as outlined in the third-party assurance letter included 
in this report. This ESG report has been reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board and has been 
reviewed and approved by our president and CEO.

For more information about our corporate governance, please reference our Proxy Statement.

ASSURANCE LETTER

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

74

Assurance letter

Independent Assurance Statement 

Introduction 
DNV Business Assurance USA, Inc. (DNV) has been commissioned by the management of Lam Research Corporation (Lam) to carry out an independent limited 
level assurance engagement of Selected Information for calendar year 2022 and, where marked, for Calendar Years 2019, 2020, and 2021, as presented in 
Lam’s 2022 Sustainability Disclosures (the “Report”). The assurance was carried out March through May 2022. 

Lam has sole responsibility for preparation of the data and external report. DNV, in performing our assurance work, is responsible to the management of Lam. 
Our assurance statement, however, represents our independent opinion and is intended to inform all stakeholders including Lam. 

DNV Business Assurance USA, Inc. (DNV), 1400 Ravello Dr. Katy, TX 77449 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

75

Assurance letter (continued)

Scope of Assurance 
The scope of work agreed with Lam includes the following: 

Organizational boundary 

  All global facilities under Lam’s operational control   

Data Verified for the period of January 1, 2022, to 
December 31, 2022 

  GHG Emissions Scope 1 and 2   
  Energy Consumption 
  Energy Savings 
  Water Usage 
  Water Saving 
  Waste & Waste Data Diversion Rate (including 

Hazardous Waste) 

  Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 

Data Verified for the period of January 1, 2021, to 
December 31, 2021 

  GHG Emissions Scope 1   
  Water Saving 

Data Verified for the period of January 1, 2020, to 
December 31, 2020 

  GHG Emissions Scope 1 
  Water Saving 

Data Verified for the period of January 1, 2019, to 
December 31, 2019 

  GHG Emissions Scope 1 

We do not express conclusions on other information that 
may be published on Lam’s website or sustainability 
disclosures for the current reporting period or previous 
periods. 

Topic 
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions 

Energy 
Consumption 

Accounting Metric 

(1) 2022 Gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
(2) 2021 Gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions   
(3) 2020 Gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
(4) 2019 Gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
2022 Total energy consumed 

Energy Savings 

2022 Energy savings achieved 

Water Usage 

2022 Total water usage 

Water Savings 

2020 – 2022 Total water savings 

(1)  2022 Total amount of hazardous waste 
(2)  2022 Total amount non-hazardous waste generated 
(3)  2022 Total percentage hazardous waste recycled 
(4)  2022 Total non-hazardous waste recycled 
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 

Waste 
Management 

Employee Health 
& Safety 

Progress towards 
2025 Goals 

Units 
Metric tonnes 
CO2e (MTCO2e) 

Kilowatt hours 
(kWh) 

Kilowatt hours 
(kWh) 

Gallons 

Gallons 

Metric tonnes 
(MT) 
Percentage (%) 

Rate per 
200,000 hours 

(1)  2022 GHG Scope 1 and 2 emissions (market-based) 

Percentage (%) 

change against 2019 baseline 
(2)  2022 Hazardous waste to landfill 
(3)  2022 Water savings exceed 2025 ESG goal 

2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

76

Assurance letter (continued)

Level of Assurance 

We performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (revised) – ‘Assurance 
Engagements other than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This 
standard requires that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the assurance engagement to obtain limited assurance. 

DNV applies its own management standards and compliance policies for quality control, in accordance with ISO/IEC 17029:2019 - Conformity Assessment 
Requirements  for  bodies  providing  audit  and certification of  management  systems,  and accordingly  maintains  a  comprehensive  system  of  quality  control 
including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements. 

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing and are less detailed than those undertaken during a reasonable 
assurance engagement, so the level of assurance obtained is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance 
engagement been performed. We planned and performed our work to obtain the evidence we considered sufficient to provide a basis for our opinion, so that 
the risk of this conclusion being in error is reduced, but not reduced completely. 

DNV’s assurance engagements are based on the assumption that the data and information provided by the client to us as part of our review have been provided 
in good faith. This includes but is not limited to sales and acquisitions, building occupancy rates, operating hours, and operational control. DNV expressly 
disclaims any liability or co-responsibility for any decision a person or an entity may make based on this Independent Assurance Statement. 

Assurance Methodology 

DNV is a leading provider of sustainability services, including verification of GHG emissions data and other environmental metrics. Our environmental and 
social assurance specialists work in over 100 countries. 

In that respect, the environmental footprint inventories have been evaluated against the following reporting criteria: 

  World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) / World Resources institute (WRI) Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate Accounting 

and Reporting Standard REVISED EDITION 

DNV used a risk-based approach throughout the assurance engagement, concentrating on the areas that we believe are most material for both Lam and its 
stakeholders. DNV applied a materiality threshold of five percent for all data in scope.   

The  assurance  process  involved  a  series  of  60-minute  interviews  with  the  accountable  party(ies)  and/or  senior  manager(s)  responsible  for  collating  the 
information at a corporate level to: 

Interview of managers and data users representing relevant functions for supporting the environmental inventory and safety data management process 

  Perform a walkthrough to understand how data is managed and reported and the systems, legal registers, processes, and procedures used   
 
  Review the controls in place to confirm data and information accuracy 
  Confirm the scope and boundaries of the data included 
  Requests for further evidence and documentation in support of testimony and system observation 

The assurance process includes desk review of the submitted documentation, site visit, data records and sources relating to the selected performance metrics 
and corporate environmental footprint data claims.   

  Review of the processes and tools used to collect, aggregate, and report on all data and metrics 
  Assessment of environmental and other information systems and controls, including: 

3 

 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

77

Assurance letter (continued)

o  Selection and management of all relevant environmental and safety data and information 
o  Processes for collecting, processing, consolidating, and reporting the environmental and safety data and information 
o  Systems and processes that ensure the accuracy of the performance data and information 
o  Design and maintenance of the environmental and employee workforce and safety information system 
o  Systems and processes that support the environmental and employee workforce and safety information system 
o  Performed sample-based audits of the processes for generating, gathering, and managing the data 

  Performed key data recalculations to confirm accuracy 
 

Examination of the social, governance, and environmental data and information to develop evidence for the assessment of the claims and assertions 
made 
Evaluation of whether the organization conforms to the reporting criteria 
Evaluation of whether the evidence and data are sufficient and support Lam’s environmental, social and performance claims 

 
 
  Conducted remote site assessment at Fremont, California to review GHG emissions, energy, waste, and health and safety management   

In addition to the above, specific to the environmental indicators, the following steps were conducted for energy savings, waste, and water: 

Energy Savings 

  Review of energy conservation measures implemented in the reporting year 
  Conducted sample-based review of the process for quantifying energy savings performance including:   

o  Evaluation of reasonableness and conservativeness of assumptions related to energy baseline and savings calculated from energy conservation 

measures     

o  Desk-based review of energy calculations provided by Lam and energy consultants 

Waste 

  Review of the waste segregation methodology and description of waste categorization 
  Conduct data checks for the waste data collected, transferred, and calculated 
  Perform  sample-based  assessment  of  data  reported  against  the  source  data  (waste  collected  to  landfill  and  waste  diverted)  provided  by  waste 

management companies. 

Water 

  Review water usage measures within the reporting year 
  Conducted desk review and sample selection to cross check data points provided by Lam Research 
  Review the water savings allocation methodology and the assumptions made in the water savings section 

4 

 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

78

Assurance letter (continued)

Data Verified 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions – CY 2022 

 
 
 

Scope 1 Emissions 
Scope 2 Emissions (location-based) 
Scope 2 Emissions (market-based) 

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 1 Restatement – CY 2019, CY 2020, CY 20212 

  2019 Scope 1 Emissions Restatement 
  2020 Scope 1 Emissions Restatement 
  2021 Scope 1 Emissions Restatement 

Energy Consumption – CY 2022 
  Total Energy Consumed 

Energy Savings – CY 2022 

 

Energy Savings Achieved 

Water Used – CY 2022 
  Total Water Usage 

Water Savings – CY 2020, CY 2021, CY 2022 

  Water Savings in CY2020 
  Water Savings in CY2021 
  Water Savings in CY2022 

Waste – CY2022 

  Total Hazardous Waste 
  Hazardous Waste Recycled 
  Total Non-Hazardous Waste 
  Non-hazardous Waste Recycled 
Employee Health & Safety – CY 2022 

  Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 

Progress towards 2025 ESG Goals 

  CY 2022 Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions against 2019 baseline   
  CY 2022 Hazardous Waste to Landfill 
  CY 2022 Water Savings exceed 2025 ESG goal 

1  MT CO2e stands for metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
2  Scope 1 Restatement from 2019 – 2021 is based on a newly identified refrigerant (FC-3283).   

432,998 MT CO2e1 
131,084 MT CO2e 
63,300 MT CO2e 

79,313 MT CO2e 
232,662 MT CO2e 
288,007 MT CO2e 

493,955,846 kWh 

2,243,860 kWh 

  398,130,121 Gallons 

6,767,100 Gallons 
6,767,100 Gallons 
33,380,713 Gallons 

1,922 Metric tonnes 
48% 
9,261 Metric tonnes 
77% 

0.35 

207% 
0.01% 
176%

5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

79

Assurance letter (continued)

Inherent Limitations 
Due to the selective nature (sampling) and other inherent limitations of both procedures and systems of internal control, there remains the unavoidable risk that 
errors or irregularities may not have been detected. Calculations of energy savings are subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for 
determining such data. DNV did not conduct independent measurement of the energy savings variables. This is a limitation which can influence the accuracy of 
our opinion. Finally, the selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques, in particular related to the waste and energy savings performance,    may 
result in materially different measurements.   

Assurance Opinion 
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the information 
and data within the Report is not fairly stated and has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the criteria stated.    This conclusion relates 
only to the information in the Report and is to be read in the context of this Assurance Statement.   

Independence 
DNV was not involved in the preparation of any part of Lam’s data or report. This is our first year of providing assurance for Lam. We adopt a balanced approach 
towards all stakeholders when performing our evaluation. 

DNV Business Assurance USA, Inc. 
Katy, Texas 
June 27, 2023 

Stephen Carlson 
Lead Verifier 

Owen Chen 
Lead Verifier 

Shruthi Poonacha Bachamanda 
Technical Reviewer 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

80

Assurance letter (continued)

AAppppeennddiixx..  SSeelleecctteedd  IInnffoorrmmaattiioonn’’ss  CCrriitteerriiaa 

TTooppiicc 

DDeessccrriippttiioonn  

MMeetthhooddoollooggyy  

UUnniittss  

EEnneerrggyy  SSaavviinnggss 

2022 Energy savings achieved 
Energy savings achieved as a result of energy conservation measures (ECM) 
implemented at all global facilities under Lam’s operational control in the 
reporting year. Savings quantified in comparison to energy baseline (energy 
consumption occurring without implemented ECM.) 

Total sum of energy savings achieved across all 
ECMS implemented in the reporting year. 

Kilowatt hours 
(kWh) 

WWaatteerr  UUssaaggee  

Water usage at all global facilities under Lam’s operational control in the 
reporting year. 

Total sum of water usage entered based on 
invoices. 

Gallons 

WWaatteerr  SSaavviinngg  

Water savings are achieved by installing water reduction units at the 
manufacturing plants in water-stress areas. Water savings are quantified 
based on the reduced flow rate measured by the flow meters. 

Total sum of water savings based on real-time 
flow meters and proper assumptions. 

Gallons 

7 

 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

81

Assurance letter (continued)

TTooppiicc 

DDeessccrriippttiioonn  

MMeetthhooddoollooggyy  

UUnniittss  

WWaassttee  
MMaannaaggeemmeenntt  

(1) 2022 Total amount of hazardous waste 
Hazardous waste generated at all global facilities under Lam’s operational 
control in the reporting year. 

Methodology: 
(1) Total sum of hazardous waste generated 
across global facilities in the reporting year. 

Metric tonnes 
(MT)   

Percentage (%) 

(2) 2022 Total amount non-hazardous waste generated 
Non-hazardous waste generated at all global facilities under Lam’s 
operational control in the reporting year. 

(2) Total sum of non-hazardous waste 
generated across global facilities under Lam’s 
operational control in the reporting year. 

(3) 2022 Total percentage hazardous waste recycled (%) 
Hazardous waste disposed by means of recycling across global facilities 
under Lam’s operational control in the reporting year. 

(3) Total metric tons of hazardous waste 
recycled / total metric tons of hazardous waste 
generated X 100 (%) 

(4) 2022 Total non-hazardous waste recycled (%) 
Non-hazardous waste disposed by means of recycling across global facilities 
under Lam’s operational control in the reporting year. 

(4) Total metric tons of non-hazardous waste 
recycled / total metric tons of non-hazardous 
waste generated X 100 (%) 

EEmmppllooyyeeee  HHeeaalltthh  
&&  SSaaffeettyy 

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 
Number of incidents reported per 100 full-time employees against the 
number of hours worked. In 2022 reporting year, employee hours worked 
was assumed to be 2000, per Lam full-time employees.   

(Total number of incidents X 200,000) / Full 
time equivalent headcount X 2000 

Rate per 
200,000 hrs  

8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

82

Additional information

Relevant links

Annual Reports

Code of Ethics

Community Relations

EEO-1 Report

Environmental, Social and Governance

Ethics Helpline

Global Standards of Business Conduct

Appendices

Lam Research

Lam Research Global EHS Sustainability 
Commitment Policy

Products

Supplier Code of Conduct

Supply Chain Policies

Human Rights Policy

Visit our Report Appendix for our Performance Summary, 
and our GRI, SASB, TCFD and UNSDG indexes.

Contact information

If you have questions regarding this report or Lam’s ESG activities, please contact: 
ESG@lamresearch.com.

2022 ESG Report

INTRODUCTION

BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE

PRODUCT INNOVATION

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

OUR WORKPLACE

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

OUR COMMUNITIES

RESOURCES

83

Cautionary statement

With the exception of historical facts, the statements contained in this ESG Report (“Report”) are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor 
provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain, but not all, of the forward-looking statements in this Report are specifically identified as forward-looking by 
the use of words and phrases such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “aspire,” “believe,” “build,” “commitment,” “continue,” “could,” “expand,” “expect,” “future,” “goal,” “increase,” “intend,” “maintain,” “may,” 
“objectives,” “opportunities,” “path,” “plan,” “remain,” “should,” “strategy,” “strive,” “target,” “vision,” “will,” and “would.” However, our identification of certain statements as forward-looking 
does not mean that other statements not specifically identified are not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to: economic, market, 
industry and industry segment expectations; the role of our technology and innovations in the semiconductor industry and the world; our incorporation of ESG principles into our activities; our 
environmental impact; our engagement with our suppliers in their environmental and social efforts; our contributions to climate action; our ESG goals, including our goals related to achieving 
net zero emissions; our standards for responsible and ethical conduct; our aspirations for transparency and disclosure; the role of ESG considerations in our product development; our efforts 
to build an inclusive and diverse workplace; our efforts to develop a responsible and ethical supply chain; our ethics and compliance initiatives; our commitment to ensuring human rights 
across our operations and supply chains and plans for our human rights program; our compliance with legal, regulatory, and internal control requirements with respect to taxation; our product 
innovation; our investments in R&D; the performance, productivity, quality, safety, efficiency, or sustainability of our products; the impact of our investment in opening new R&D centers; the 
technology areas that are strategically important to us; reductions in the emissions output of our products; the ability of our products to enable faster learning cycle; our use of environmental 
principles in the product design process; energy or water savings, or emissions reductions, that might be achieved by customers using our products; materials savings that might be achieved 
through our re-cleaning, repair, refurbishment or re-coating services; our commitment to diversity and inclusion; our commitment to acting responsibly and improving our sustainability 
performance over time; our initiatives to reduce our energy and water consumption and to reduce waste; our investments in transitioning to renewable energy, emissions controls and energy 
efficiency technologies; our engagement with customers and suppliers to set SBTs; our commitment to climate action; our management of water use and treatment; our management of 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste and our emissions; our ability to safely manage chemicals and our adoption of green chemistry practices; workplace flexibility; the enhancement of our 
benefit programs; our goals with respect to increasing the proportion of underrepresented employees and women in our workforce; our ability to ensure the safety of our employees; our ability 
to manage risks in our supply chain, including with respect to human rights; and the impacts of our social impact platform. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject 
to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value and effect. Some factors that may affect these forward-looking statements include: trade regulations, export controls, trade 
disputes and other geopolitical tensions may inhibit our ability to sell our products; business, political and/or regulatory conditions in the consumer electronics industry, the semiconductor 
industry and the overall economy may deteriorate or change; the actions of our customers and competitors may be inconsistent with our expectations; supply chain cost increases and other 
inflationary pressures have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our profitability; supply chain disruptions have limited and are expected to continue to limit our ability to meet 
demand for our products; the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID–19 pandemic (and the related governmental, public health, business and community responses to it), and their 
impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition, are evolving and are highly uncertain and unpredictable; and widespread outbreaks of illness may impact our operations 
and revenue in affected areas; as well as the other risks and uncertainties discussed under the headings “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” 
within Item 1A and at the beginning of Part I, respectively, of our fiscal year 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K; and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, such as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect could cause our 
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this Report and in ways that are not readily foreseeable. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-
looking statements, or to release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, to reflect the impact of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances that occur after 
the date of this Report.

As a global supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services, Lam’s technology is at the core of the semiconductor industry’s most exciting innovations.

To ensure a sustainable future as we help transform the world with technology, we aspire to incorporate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) principles into everything we do.

From the way we power our global operations to our approach to designing next generation products, we remain dedicated to our pursuit of a better world.

Over the last 20 years alone, semiconductors have changed how we work, learn, and connect.

Artificial intelligence is becoming pervasive at rapid speed, and society is already adjusting.

The next decade is expected to bring even more opportunities with the age of machine learning and the metaverse, in which the physical world will merge with an immersive virtual world.

Growing to a trillion dollar industry will also require a strong pipeline of STEM talent.

To support that, Lam pledged to donate 10 million to the nonprofit FIRST Global to help bring science and technology education to youth around the globe.

With this partnership, we are creating opportunities for continuous discoveries, and ultimately inspiring the next generation of innovators.

The growth of new technologies means more demand for chips, and the semiconductor industry will play a critical role in shaping the future.

But greater opportunity also means greater responsibility: If the semiconductor industry is expected to grow to 1 trillion within the decade, ESG will play an even more important role in building a responsible and sustainable industry.

While it is expected that the industry will almost double in size, it’s imperative our impact on the environment doesn’t increase at the same rate.

At Lam, we have set a goal to achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030 and net zero by 2050, and we have defined the key milestones to get there.

In 2022, we became the first U.S. based semiconductor equipment manufacturer to have its near term emission reduction targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.1 Additionally, in 2022, we exceeded our 2025 water savings goal.

We are also committed to ensuring human rights across our operations and supply chains.

That’s why we recently published a human rights policy that affirms and expands upon our ongoing commitment to upholding internationally recognized human rights standards.

At Lam, we recognize the value of collaboration, so while we are focused on our own progress, we are also working across the industry and the broader business community to build a responsible and sustainable semiconductor ecosystem.

Lam joined the UN Global Compact, the world’s largest sustainability initiative, with an ambition for businesses to take shared responsibility for achieving a better world.

We also worked with industry leaders to form the Semiconductor Climate Consortium, a new partnership with SEMI to accelerate the industry’s response to climate change.

We are also engaging closely with our customers because we know their use of our tools impacts their sustainability goals.

Through our Semiverse Solutions, we are bringing our industry into the virtual space, improving the sustainability of our work, and creating new ways to build the next generation of the workforce quickly and efficiently.

It’s clear that semiconductors have revolutionized the world, and as we continue to innovate the next generation of technology breakthroughs, we must do it in a sustainable way for our customers, employees, communities, stockholders, and the planet.

None of us can succeed alone, so let’s build the future we want together.

For decades, Lam Research has been challenging assumptions and pushing the boundaries of semiconductor technology.

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data.

Our Core Values are the bedrock on which Lam’s culture is built.

They help us cultivate an environment where we can come together to do our best work.

These values are ingrained in our daily operations and our efforts to propel sustainable growth, from the way we design new products to how we engage with our stakeholders and teams.

To bolster innovation we must first address and identify common barriers.

Within the semiconductor industry, those barriers can include research and communication silos that keep us working apart.

By sharing knowledge and insights more widely, we can unlock solutions for a smarter, faster, more sustainable world.

As we progress in each of Lam’s ESG pillars, our goals keep us focused and accountable.

In 2022, we made important strides, including surpassing our water goal years ahead of schedule.

We also received approval from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for our near term emissions reduction goals.1 Unless stated otherwise, we aim to complete each of our ESG goals by 2025.

Continue to expand our disclosure and alignment with industry recognized frameworks and standards.

Achieve net zero emissions by 2050 by meeting the following targets: Achieve 100% renewable electricity by 20303 Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market based) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25% by 2025 and 60.6% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.

Achieve 12 million kilowatt hours (kWh) in total energy savings from a 2019 baseline.

Achieve zero waste to landfill for hazardous waste.

Achieve 17 million gallons of water savings (15%) in water stressed regions from a 2019 baseline.

Maintain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable injury rate at or below 0.4 annually.

Build on our high performance culture with best in class employee engagement at the global benchmark as measured by our annual employee survey.

Increase the proportion of women (globally) and underrepresented employees (U.S.) across the company.

Achieve more than 90% compliance with our social and environmental expectations across our top tier suppliers.

Engage with at least 50% of our top tier suppliers on environmental sustainability opportunities.

Increase engagement with all suppliers on social and environmental topics through assessment, training, and capacity building.

Determine key targets for larger scale impact aligned to a new strategic focus.

Implement measurement of outcomes for key program and large scale grants.

Increase annual unique participation rate in all employee giving programs from 10% to 30%.

Increase employee volunteer hours by 33% from a 2019 baseline.

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Due to a previously unidentified source of Scope 1 emissions, Lam worked with SBTi to update our 2019 emissions inventory and restate our 2030 goal.

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Institutional Investor Top ranking for semiconductor industry by Sell Side analysts for:.

Intel EPIC Outstanding Supplier Award with supplier diversity distinction.

Human Rights Campaign Foundation 2022 Best Places to Work for.

JUST 100 151st overall and 10th in the semiconductor industry.

Silicon Valley Business Journal 2022 Community Impact Award.

We strive to integrate ESG principles into everything we do.

Lam’s business enables transformative technologies that shape the ways we live and work.

Our impact can be felt throughout our company and value chain and by society at large.

In our quest for semiconductor breakthroughs, we hold ourselves to the highest standards of responsible and ethical conduct.

When the road ahead seems uncertain, our Core Values and robust corporate governance program guide us to do what’s right.

We strive to model sustainable best practices within our organization while catalyzing global change.

In 2022, we focused on leading with accountability and strengthening Lam’s ethical culture.

Our efforts to increase disclosure raised our ratings and rankings with third parties.

Our ESG strategy supports the success of Lam’s business as we act with purpose for a better world.

It provides a framework for meaningful investments, proactive risk management, and globally focused action.

Our approach emphasizes engagement, goal setting, and accountability.

We aspire to continuously increase transparency and disclosure, in line with industry recognized frameworks, best practices, and standards.

Our ESG strategy consists of six pillars that reflect areas where Lam can make a significant positive impact.

Integrate ESG into our business operations and foster ownership and accountability as we advance our ESG strategy and goals.

Build an inclusive, diverse, and engaged workplace while achieving top performance in health and safety.

Innovate with ESG in mind and design for environment principles to be a partner of choice for our customers and support their ESG goals.

Minimize our environmental impact through investments in energy, water, waste, and GHG emissions reductions.

Ensure an ethical and responsible business ecosystem focused on human rights and the environment.

Be a responsible corporate citizen with programs focusing on transformative learning, resilient communities, and inclusive societies.

The SDGs represent an international effort to tackle the world’s most pressing issues.

Lam is dedicated to the development, implementation, and disclosure of responsible business practices qualities that are championed by the UNGC.

Based on this alignment, we joined the UNGC in 2022 to underscore our commitment to accelerating ESG progress on a global scale.

The organization is the world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative, with tens of thousands of participants worldwide.

Lam’s progress and ensuring our ESG initiatives serve the greater good.

We aim to drive progress on the SDGs throughout Lam’s operations and supply chain, including through our workforce, our products, and our new social impact platform.

Learn how Lam is working to accelerate progress toward priority SDGs.

Our ESG mission We elevate human prosperity and protect the environment in our operations, supply chain, and the products we create.

Lam’s Board of Directors (Board) and leaders are committed to strong corporate governance to deliver stakeholder benefits over the long term.

We have processes in place for ESG governance, which extend throughout our organization and lead all the way up to our Board.

These processes establish clear responsibilities for the oversight, management, and implementation of our ESG strategy.

In 2022, we deepened our Board’s engagement around ESG issues and increased the cadence of our leaders’ ESG briefings.

Board or its Nominating Governance Committee four times per year.

Additionally, our vice president of global trade and government affairs (GTGA) now briefs the Board’s Nominating Governance Committee at each of its meetings.

We also tied our executive compensation program to progress on Lam’s ESG goals to ensure that Lam’s executive leaders are accountable for driving ESG progress and are rewarded for their achievements.

In 2022, Lam announced the retirement of Catherine P. Lego, who served on our Board for more than 16 years.

Throughout her tenure, she was a chair or member of each of the Board’s committees.

She has also served on other boards over a span of more than 30 years, including for several other semiconductor and technology companies.

Chairman of the Board Abhijit Y. Talwalkar stated, Always highly engaged and thoughtful in her guidance, Cathy's understanding of the semiconductor industry, commitment to accountability, and drive for continuous improvement enabled her to make an incredible and lasting impact at Lam.

The semiconductor industry is dynamic, presenting new challenges and opportunities each day.

Through regular engagement, we stay informed of the issues that matter most to our communities, customers, employees, industry organizations, policymakers, stockholders, and other stakeholders.

We tailor our engagement approach to each group, connecting through activities such as industry forums, meetings, and community events.

An effective ESG strategy can’t remain stagnant it must be agile to address issues as our business, industry, and world evolve.

With that in mind, Lam conducts in depth ESG materiality1 assessments every three to five years or whenever there’s a notable shift in our industry and business.

During this process, we engage a diverse group of internal and external stakeholders, whose insights help guide and affirm Lam’s ESG approach.

We conducted our latest assessment in 2022, using a double materiality methodology in line with guidance from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).

We reviewed topics that are aligned with a variety of standards, frameworks, and rating entities and narrowed them down to identify topics that have the greatest relevance to our business (such as risk mitigation, market presence, innovation, and reputation).

In total, we engaged more than 50 global stakeholders, including internal subject matter experts, customers, investors, suppliers, trade associations, and community organizations.

Through surveys and interactive interviews, participants rated ESG topics based on their importance and potential internal and external impacts.

We also integrated results from an ESG materiality employee survey to further incorporate our employees’ perspectives.

Based on the results, we identified the following topics as being most impactful and strategically important to Lam’s ESG program: climate strategy, product stewardship, employee fulfillment, inclusion and diversity, supplier engagement and environmental performance, and leadership accountability.

Other ESG topics indicated on the matrix such as corporate governance, ethics, labor practices, human rights, and community engagement are also key to our success and are foundational to our business.

Within this ESG report, we discuss the majority of the topics identified through the assessment.

Steering Committee in Malaysia, which supports local of how to react when challenges arise.

Ethics Ambassador program for which we selected and integrity, and trust.

Conduct (GSBC) supports our Core Values and details ethical culture and driving progress on our initiatives in our the behavior we expect of every employee.

The GSBC is a ambassadors’ respective business units and regions.

In October, Lam hosted its first ever E C Week, which focused on raising awareness of E C resources, recognizing and celebrating ethical behavior, and reinforcing our ethical values and culture.

We connected with employees by holding regional town halls with global leaders and members of our E C team.

We also shared a video in which CEO staff members discussed the importance of our Core Values and building an ethical culture.

Employees nominated colleagues for our inaugural Ethics Award, where we celebrated doing cornerstone of our E C program, which is designed to meet evolving global requirements.

Our global E C team works to promote an organization wide culture of ethics and compliance.

Our E C program is further strengthened by Lam’s compliance officer (CCO), who manages our E C function.

The CCO reports to Lam’s chief legal officer and has operational guidance.

In 2022, the E C team enhanced dotted line reporting to the Board’s Audit Committee.

Compliance at Lam is both a strategic enablement and risk management function that focuses on innovation and setting new boundaries.

We continue to make investments in people, technology, and resources to support this vision.

Our program is based on Lam’s Core Values, which sit at the heart of everything that we do.

Open communication is a Core Value at Lam and is key to is essential for Lam's long term success.

We distribute global challenges related to our growing global footprint and bulletins and regional newsletters that focus on relevant a shifting regulatory landscape, this work is key to the topics so our employees can recognize and respond continuity and resilience of our business.

With this in mind, we further operationalized our E C global tailored communications on trending E C risk areas in risk assessment program in 2022 by conducting a focused a company newsletter.

We also use multiple channels to risk assessment enhancing our third party risk management solicit employee feedback, including deploying surveys program implementing a gifts, meals, travel, and entertainment and conducting employee focus groups after delivering monitoring program and conducting manager workshops.

Lam is committed to fair and humane employment practices as a core business principle.

In 2022, we developed and published our first corporate wide Human Rights Policy, which underscores our commitment to respecting human important role in raising awareness about our E C program.

In 2022, several of our global leaders participated in town halls and employee meetings to discuss and reinforce the importance of building on Lam’s ethical culture.

Our policy aligns with several to make ethical and compliant decisions.

Lam’s E C team can’t be everywhere, so we rely on internationally recognized standards, including the Universal to increase awareness of our policies and processes through employees to speak up if something doesn’t seem right.

Human Rights, and the Responsible Business Alliance Code of a combination of in person and virtual sessions and online training modules, which we refresh each year.

Looking ahead, we intend to build on this policy by employees to complete annual training that reinforces their human resources, or the E C team.

Employees and third developing and implementing a formal human rights program.

We rolled out additional manager resources and mandatory or online. can make a report through our Ethics Helpline via telephone ethical leadership training for our people managers in 2022.

Our newly created manager resource center provides our people managers with practical guidance for identifying and handling ethical challenges.

We also held in person manager workshops to provide tips and tools to our managers to encourage ethical behavior and support employees who raise concerns.

The reporting period was from Oct. 2022 to March 2023.

As we fuel our innovation pipeline, we are committed to keeping the intellectual property and data of our company, employees, customers, and suppliers safe.

In an industry facing unprecedented supply chain pressures, balancing the need for business agility and security can be a challenge.

As part of Lam’s Sensitive Information Protection program, Niv runs an initiative to safeguard thousands of critical drawings.

After discovering that one of the program’s safety protocols stood in the way of business agility, she met with several internal and external stakeholders to develop new processes to meet the program’s goals.

This led to the creation of a Supplier Tier Management application that enables Lam to secure its drawings while granting access to authorized users.

Launched in 2022, with full implementation planned for 2023, the solution makes Lam even more nimble while keeping the company’s files safe and secure.

Our company and industry exist within a dynamic regulatory environment.

Trade and Government Affairs group is responsible for Lam’s strategic engagement with Congress, the U.S. executive branch, and other regulatory bodies at the local, state and federal levels, as well as internationally, to help inform sound public policy in support of our industry and business.

Business operations Export controls and trade policy.

In 2022, the GTGA group remained focused on addressing issues such as supply chain resiliency and trade compliance in the local economies in which we operate.

The group played a central role in helping Lam navigate new export controls issued by the U.S.

Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security in October.

The controls restrict the export of advanced U.S. chipmaking equipment to the People’s Republic of China.1 These controls directly impact our industry and business, so the group worked closely with Lam’s leadership and Board to ensure a compliant, proactive response.

Lam’s voice in the wafer fabrication equipment industry and larger semiconductor ecosystem.

In November, Lam joined the Semiconductor Climate Consortium as a founding member to advocate for semiconductor industry climate action on a global scale.

Microelectronics Political Action Committee (LAMPAC), as another means of engagement and advocacy.

Our approach to global taxation is to comply with all legal, regulatory, and internal control requirements.

Recent challenges related to the pandemic, as well as geopolitical conflicts, have highlighted the importance of semiconductor manufacturing within the U.S. Headquartered in Fremont, California with manufacturing sites in California, Ohio, and Oregon Lam has long represented the strength of American manufacturing and innovation on a global stage.

In 2022, Lam’s president and CEO, Tim Archer, testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.

During the hearing, entitled Developing Next Generation Technology for Innovation, he discussed opportunities to bolster American competitiveness and address key challenges that industry leaders continue to face.

He focused on three areas that could benefit from the committee’s consideration: leveraging existing infrastructure, such as the National Labs enabling shared innovation, including through the establishment of the National Semiconductor Technology Center and taking an all of ecosystem approach.

U.S. leadership in semiconductor manufacturing technology remains strong because of the innovation, drive, and resourcefulness of American workers across the semiconductor ecosystem.

I am proud of the role that Lam Research and our employees have played for more than four decades in setting the pace for innovation and in maintaining U.S. leadership in the global market.

By collaborating with our industry and customers, we continue to define what’s next.

Every year, Lam strives to enable semiconductor breakthroughs that may have seemed impossible the year before.

Through experimentation, collaboration, and rigorous testing, we continue to do what’s never been done.

Today, advanced microchips shape everything from how we communicate to how we work and drive.

The potential for future innovation is limitless, but we don’t plan to realize it alone.

Instead, we’re prioritizing open communication and strategic investments in research and development (R D).

By embracing diverse perspectives, we can unlock a faster, smarter, and more sustainable world.

In 2022, we sponsored and participated in numerous industry and university events to collectively address the semiconductor industry’s most pressing challenges.

One highlight was our Tech Symposium, themed Engineering a Greener Fab.

Internally, we focused on developing smarter, more efficient products and processes to measure and reduce the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions footprint of our tools.

These efforts support sustainability in our industry.

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Understanding our product impact and opportunities is key.

Using Equipment Intelligence sensors to measure the GHG emissions and energy usage of our products.

Sense.i : A smart solution that enables customers to reduce their energy and material and achieve a smaller fab footprint.

Argos , Prevos , and Selis : Products that principles and designing for the entire product lifecycle enable ultra high selectivity and precision to facilitate the next generation of 3D devices.

Coronus : A bevel clean system that improves yield by up to 2% per wafer in 20221.

Listening to our customers and imagining new ways to meet their needs.

Breaking down research silos and bringing experts together to explore big ideas.

Technology moves fast and it’s not enough to just keep pace.

At Lam, we’re determined to lead our industry into a future that works better for us all.

Rather than taking a single minded approach, we focus on bringing together our industry’s brightest minds.

Together, we’re asking big questions, addressing persistent challenges, and realizing new opportunities for what semiconductors can do.

Our work to accelerate large scale innovation begins by inspiring Lam’s teams.

Each year, our Office of the Chief Technology Officer organizes a variety of collaborative and innovation focused internal events.

We also make a point to highlight Lam employees who are driving innovation and providing opportunities to share their knowledge with others.

In 2022, we continued our Celebrating Innovation campaign for the second year to highlight stories of innovation by employees in technical and non technical roles (look for highlights in our Innovation Spotlights throughout this report).

Lam’s leaders also engaged our global technological community through several sessions focused on our Core Values.

Through our Seminar Series, we invited our engineering community to share their work and insights with their peers.

Additionally, our Innovation Speaker and Book Series brought the outside world in to educate and inspire Lam employees.

Speaker Series include: the intersection of innovation and ESG, how to innovate inside bureaucracies, developing a culture of innovation, and innovations in additive manufacturining, among others.

As chip technology becomes radically small and almost inconceivably precise, the challenges we face become greater and more complex.

We support academic research that provides insights into these challenges and opportunities for our industry to advance.

By collaborating with leading universities around the world, we boost innovation and fuel our talent pipeline.

One way we accelerate learning and development cycles is through our investments in semiconductor R D. In 2022, we opened two advanced facilities in South Korea and India.

Located in the heart of South Korea’s K semiconductor cluster, the Korea Technology Center enables Lam engineers and customers to work side by side.

Together, they can qualify new devices, processes, and yield improvements allowing for fewer and faster development cycles.

The new location also lends itself to closer relationships with local suppliers, universities, and research institutions, and has the added environmental benefit of less travel.

Our India Center for Engineering specializes in the R D, engineering, and testing of wafer fabrication hardware and software used to create next generation memory and logic devices.

The new facility doubles Lam’s footprint in India and supports shorter development cycles by enabling engineers to design, test, and validate new deposition and etch technologies on site.

I see vast potential in the ability of our engineers to have hands on access to Lam’s tools at the India Center for Engineering.

This access will have a transformative impact on both the speed and the quality of the engineering solutions that are being developed there.

Unlock Ideas provides awards to support the testing of novel ideas proposed by Lam's global technical community in collaboration with university faculty.

In 2022, the program sought proposals in categories including sustainability for the second year.

University Collaboration Showcase brings Lam employees together to share results from our university research collaborations and Unlock Ideas projects.

We hosted the event virtually for the third year in 2022.

Elevate Ideas provides additional funding and support to take successful Unlock Ideas projects to the next level.

After piloting the program in 2021 with two awards, we awarded two new winners in 2022.

Celebrating the people who push technology forward In May 2022, we held our Technical Awards Ceremony to celebrate some of the exemplary people behind Lam's technical achievements.

We were proud to announce our newest Lam Research Fellow and present our annual Patented Innovation Award.

Lam Fellows advance the development of products, processes, and technologies that bring value to customers and industry year after year.

Our newest fellow, John Drewery, has been with Lam since 2011.

He has deep expertise in both deposition and etch, with his contributions in product development recognized at Lam and industrywide.

Throughout his 25 years in the industry, he has secured 49 patents.

He is known as a passionate mentor who inspires future technical leaders at Lam.

Technological innovations keep Lam at the forefront of our industry with competitive differentiation and commercial success.

Thus, our Patented Innovation Award recognizes the achievements of inventors who earn a U.S. patent for their breakthrough innovations.

In 2022, we presented the award to a well rounded team of 11 Lam inventors.

Together, they secured two innovative patents in dielectric atomic layer deposition, an area of significant strategic importance for Lam’s growth objectives.

It’s not easy to change processes that take place on an atomic scale, but for the sake of our industry and planet, there’s got to be a greener way.

That was the focus of Lam’s 2022 Technical Symposium, themed Engineering a Greener Fab.

The symposium is Lam’s premiere forum for joint academic and industry cooperation.

The 2022 event took place at the University of California, Berkeley, with participants joining in person for the first time since 2019.

Experts used the forum to share and discover leading edge technologies aimed at advancing environmental sustainability for semiconductor fabrication.

Highlights included faculty presentations, panels, student posters, and keynotes from our customers Intel and Micron.

The key to innovating is bringing together diverse groups of people and going outside our own little world.

Sometimes, you’ve got to disrupt the system to move it in a new direction.

In that regard, Lam Capital invests in innovative companies that are addressing today’s most high impact problems.

In conjunction with the Tech Symposium, we hosted our second annual Lam Capital Venture Competition in 2022.

During the event, select startups pitched sustainable innovations to a panel of venture capital judges.

Proposed solutions ranged from wastewater treatment to microfabs to energy saving strategies.

The winning startup, XLight, pitched an energy efficient technology for photolithography.

The prize: a 250,000 investment funded by Lam Capital.

Typically, companies talk about scaling in terms of expansion.

In semiconductor manufacturing, it often means the opposite.

One of our industry’s pressing challenges is to continuously scale the tiny devices in chips to make chips that are smaller, denser, and more powerful.

This is driving many semiconductor manufacturers to move away from planar structures in favor of complex, 3D versions.

Lam’s etch and deposition tools are at the forefront of this innovation, and in 2022, we announced three new precision selective etch innovations: Our new Argos , Prevos , and Selis products are designed to complement and extend Lam’s industry leading etch solutions portfolio.

These breakthrough products are enabling chipmakers to etch and modify films with ultra high selectivity and precision to achieve the most advanced integrated circuit performance capabilities and accelerate 3D scaling.

We are driven to accelerate a net zero transition and a future where our company and customers can achieve more while using less.

In that pursuit, one of the most impactful steps we can take is to track and reduce our product based emissions.

This will give Lam an edge in providing the solutions customers need to reduce their environmental impact while meeting increasing demands.

As of 2022, emissions generated from the energy use of our products represent 55% of our total GHG emissions.

To reduce the emissions output of our products, we’re optimizing solutions that are smarter and more efficient.

In doing so, we’re proving that it’s possible to increase productivity while reducing the use of raw materials, energy, and space.

Accelerating Industry 4.0 A new phase of the industrial revolution is beginning known widely as Industry 4.0.

It’s an era defined by automation, machine learning, interconnectivity, and real time data.

Our Equipment Intelligence solutions combine these elements with Lam’s equipment and process expertise.

By enabling faster learning cycles, these solutions help customers enhance productivity, efficiency, and performance while minimizing waste.

For example, Lam’s Net Zero Product Working Group uses Equipment Intelligence sensors to monitor and report the energy and resource consumption of our lab tools.

In 2022, the group worked toward establishing baseline data for our tools’ energy consumption and GHG footprint.

This will help Lam address our product based emissions, while supporting our customers’ sustainability goals.

The working group's vision is to connect this data to specific fab processes, enabling customers to optimize resource planning and reduce their energy usage, GHG emissions, and costs.

Implementing throughput and uptime improvements, which improve the efficiency of tool operations by 4% and yield with station matching by 60%.

Releasing new ECO Mode features for 2300 and Sense.i etch tools, which save up to 30% peripheral energy in idle mode and result in faster tool time recovery.

Increasing RF generation efficiency on our Vantex tool, which reduces the energy consumed per RF subcomponent by 10%.

DfE principles guide us to develop products with their full lifecycle in mind.

In doing so, we’re finding ways to reduce the environmental impact of our products while maintaining or improving quality and value.

In 2022, our working group continued to incorporate these principles into the product design process.

Lam's installed base included approximately 84,000 chambers at the end of 2022.

And what many of them want are faster, more efficient, and sustainable chipmaking solutions.

Our customers are global technology leaders, and we take pride in supporting their success.

Through close collaboration, we strive to exceed their expectations and continuously anticipate their long term needs.

Our Customer Support Business Group (CSBG) supports Lam’s customers across the equipment lifecycle.

From solutions that increase system uptime to offerings that extend the product lifecycle, the group’s goal is to help customers optimize quality and cost, with the added benefit of reducing their environmental impact.

Lam engineers have a knack for getting to the bottom of vexing customer challenges.

Yet wafer based experiments require an investment in resources and time.

Realizing this, several have turned to our powerful SEMulator3D software to create renderings, simulate fabrication processes, and calculate the physical properties of nanostructures without ever stepping into a lab.

Among them is Peng Fei Lyu (left), a process engineer who facilitated a special interest group to receive training on the software at Lam China.

After learning the software, the team used it to identify the root cause of an issue in a customer’s etch process cutting a task that would have taken approximately 10 wafers and two weeks in a lab down to about an hour.

Another member of the group, process engineer Tian Hao Zhang (right), used the software to help a customer determine their ideal etching approach.

In doing so, he and his colleagues cut the experimentation time down from 10 weeks to four while using a third of the wafers required for traditional testing.

In addition to new systems, CSBG provides refurbished tools, previous generation tools, and equipment upgrades.

These options deliver great customer value while avoiding the environmental impacts of manufacturing new tools and sending existing equipment to landfills.

Our spares offerings include the reuse of high value spare parts such as electrostatic chucks, RF hardware, and showerheads through a variety of re cleaning, repair, refurbishment, and re coating services.

Our cross functional Quality Leadership team oversees our design teams to ensure the safety and quality of every product they create.

We take a systematic approach to continuously improve our products and strive to quickly address any adjustments that need to be made.

Lam is also certified under ISO 9001, an international standard that provides a framework for an effective quality management system.

Earning recognition as an outstanding supplier Lam has proudly achieved the top honor within the Intel global supply chain: The Intel EPIC Outstanding Supplier Award.

Of the thousands of suppliers Intel works with every day, Lam was one of only six companies to win this award for 2022.

In a truly unique and volatile supply chain environment, Lam has earned Intel’s top supplier award through its steadfast commitment to safety, quality, diversity and inclusion, continuous innovation, and its close partnership with Intel toward operational excellence results.

Around the world we are stepping up to bring our net zero vision into sight.

The way we operate speaks to who we are and what we value.

At Lam, our Core Values drive us to take ownership, hold ourselves accountable, and continuously improve.

These values shape our approach to reducing Lam’s environmental impact, and executing on our commitment to operating responsibly and improving our sustainability performance over time.

Positive change requires action, so we are pursuing global initiatives to reduce our energy and water consumption and minimize waste.

It’s a bold ambition, and Lam was among the first in the semiconductor industry to establish such a goal.

Our net zero roadmap outlines our path to achieving climate progress.

It informs the way we create products, upgrade our facilities, and allocate our resources and time.

In 2022, our employees mobilized to move our climate and environmental initiatives forward.

They completed solar and energy efficiency projects and exceeded our water savings goal.

Lam closed the year by joining the Semiconductor Climate Consortium as a founding member, demonstrating our company’s climate leadership on a global scale.

As the work continues, we’re energized by how far we’ve come and our vision for a greener future ahead.

Sourced 44% renewable electricity globally in 2022.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market based) GHG emissions 25% by 2025 and 60.6% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.3 By 2040, achieve net zero operations.

Achieve 12 million kWh in total energy savings from a 2019 baseline.

Diverted 99.99% of hazardous waste from landfills in 2022.

Achieved 46.9 million gallons of water savings in water stressed regions, surpassing our 2025 goal by 175%.

Our updated goal will be to achieve 80 million gallons of water savings from a 2019 baseline.

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Due to a previously unidentified source of Scope 1 emissions, Lam worked with SBTi to update our 2019 emissions inventory and restate our 2030 goal.

Note: Sustainable Operations data is comprehensive of all Lam owned and leased facilities, including our subsidiary Silfex.

Energy, waste, and water data is not currently included for Avonisys, Coventor, Metryx, SemSysco, Solmates, or Talus.

Greenhouse gas emissions for these entities is included in our reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Talus, Metryx, and Coventor), or within our Scope 3 investment data (Avonisys, Solmates, SemSysco).

While net zero emissions is our long term vision, our success starts with the action we take today.

Our net zero roadmap outlines our strategy to achieve time based targets that keep us accountable and on track.

Lam’s Net Zero Leadership team drives these efforts with ultimate oversight from our Board.

Externally, we engage our customers and suppliers to support them in setting and achieving science based targets (SBTs).

We strive to lead by example, and in 2022 we achieved SBTi validation for our near term GHG reduction goals.

These goals are in line with limiting global warming to 1.5 C, representing the most ambitious SBTi designation available.

We recently discovered a source of Scope 1 emissions which caused a significant increase of our previously reported Scope 1 emissions, dating back to our 2019 baseline year.

This led us to work with SBTi to restate our 2030 goal by targeting a 60.6% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (market based) emissions, instead of the prior target of a 46% reduction.

We are acting with expediency with a goal to eliminate this emissions source completely.

By identifying risks related to climate change, we can take meaningful steps to make our company more resilient.

Achieve 12M kWh in total energy savings 46.5% of suppliers and 83% of customers measured by emissions will set SBTs.

Achieve absolute reduction in supply chain emissions (goal to be set).

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 60.6% from a 2019 baseline1.

Achieve 100% renewable electricity 95% of top direct suppliers measured by spend will set SBTs.

Lam updated this goal in 2023 following a restatement of our baseline in alignment with SBTi.

Each part of Lam’s value chain presents unique emissions reduction challenges and opportunities.

For instance, while we have the most control over reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, they account for only about 8% of our combined 2022 Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions.

To achieve net zero emissions, we must take a value chain wide approach, with a focus on operational efficiency and supplier, employee, and customer engagement.

More details on our emissions management can be found in our annual CDP Climate Change questionnaire submission.

Fremont, CA: 23,227 MTCO2e Livermore, CA: 2,382 MTCO2e Tualatin, OR: 8,876 MTCO2e Ohio: N A.

Austria: 1,195 MTCO2e South Korea: 16,078 MTCO2e Malaysia: N A Taiwan: 4,439 MTCO2e India: N A Leased (All): 7,103 MTCO2e.

Hydrofluorocarbons: 3,673 MTCO2e Perfluorocarbons: 5,321 MTCO2e Other fluorinated: 13,591 MTCO2e Non fluorinated: 506 MTCO2e Other refrigerants: 385,764 MTCO2e Diesel: 63 MTCO2e Natural gas: 19,468 MTCO2e Liquid petroleum gas: 4,587 MTCO2e Owned vehicles: 25 MTCO2e.

Downstream transportation distribution: 607,555 MTCO2e Processing of sold products: N A Use of sold products: 3,704,749 MTCO2e.

End of life treatment of sold products: 2,546 MTCO2e Downstream leased assets: N A Franchises: N A Investments: 418,167 MTCO2e.

From 2019 to 2022, our overall Scope 1 and 2 emissions increased by 207% from our updated 2019 baseline.

The baseline values and subsequent year emissions growth is primarily due to a previously unknown source of Scope 1 emissions.

In addition, we found that we had not accounted for the partial abatement of certain process gas emissions at our Fremont, California, lab facility.

We revised the historical data on this page to reflect these changes.

In addition, we limited our Scope 3 emissions increase to a modest 1% despite seeing nearly 18% in revenue growth.

Lam has long been active in SEMI, the global industry association representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain.

In 2022, we joined SEMI’s Semiconductor Climate Consortium as a founding member.

The consortium is the first global, ecosystem wide collaborative of semiconductor companies dedicated to reducing industry based emissions.

Through collaboration, transparency, and ambitious goal setting, we aim to advance our industry's response to climate change one of the most pressing challenges of our time.

We share the Semiconductor Climate Consortium’s vision to drive progress on climate challenges within our industry.

By collaborating with fellow members, we hope to accelerate solutions with greater speed and scale than can be achieved alone.

We can’t power semiconductor breakthroughs without consuming energy and our energy needs increase as our operations expand.

Our goal is to adopt solutions that decouple Lam’s growth from increased energy use and emissions.

To do so, we’re transitioning toward renewable electricity and optimizing our facilities and processes to be more energy efficient.

Currently, our renewables are sourced from a mix of onsite solar and renewable energy credits.

Our Villach, Austria, plant uses 100% renewable electricity through a combination of onsite solar and purchased electricity.

In 2022, we completed a solar expansion project to achieve additional energy generation at the site, which now generates approximately 3.6 megawatt hours (MWh) per day.

We project that the site will eventually generate 8 MWh per day following further expansion work planned for 2024.

Meanwhile, at our facility in Malaysia, which we opened in August 2020, we completed a two part solar project.

Lam’s Global Workplace Solutions (GWS) team expedited phase two of the solar project, completing the installation of 1,076 solar panels in December 2022.

Our Malaysia facility’s new solar panels cover the majority of the roof’s 800,000 square foot rooftop and generate 13 MWh per day.

They supply 20% of the site's electricity requirement.

In our everyday lives, many of us adopt energy conscious behaviors from turning the thermostat down during cold weather months to turning the lights off when we leave a room.

At Lam, we take a similar approach to drive energy efficiency improvements.

When implemented at our facilities, these upgrades can lead to large scale savings in energy, emissions, and costs.

Recently, we turned our attention to Lam’s new manufacturing site in Malaysia, a state of the art facility designed with efficiency in mind.

Lam’s outlook: Why stop there when we can make it even better We challenged the site’s employees to push efficiency further.

Exploring the potential to reduce cleanroom humidity in the future.

Some solutions turned out to be simple but required critical thinking.

For example, by reducing pressure in the facility’s clean room, they enabled the fans to slow down achieving energy savings while keeping the space contaminant free.

Our teams also drove improvements at sites in the U.S., completing lighting upgrades in Livermore, California commissioning a scrubber to reduce fan speed in Fremont, California and installing a variable frequency drive (VFD) air compressor and chiller in Tualatin, Oregon.

Installing a VFD chiller resulted in immediate energy savings.

Additionally, by monitoring the chiller's operation and adjusting its controls, the Tualatin facilities team nearly doubled the energy savings achieved from installing the equipment itself.

For 2023, we have enrolled in energy efficiency programs sponsored by the local utilities in Oregon and California to identify and implement low or no cost improvements.

At our facility in Springfield, Ohio, we grow silicon ingots large crystals that are sliced into wafers.

Getting the seed of the ingot to lift into a defect free crystal is a highly technical and energy intensive process.

In 2021, we implemented process improvements that reduced the number of attempts to achieve each high quality crystal.

We conducted a follow up seed lift project in 2022, which enabled improved mixing and energy efficiency, and therefore increased energy savings and yield.

Nearly 50% increase in the speed at which crystals are pulled.

Water is a key component in semiconductor manufacturing, making it critical to our company, suppliers, and customers.

At Lam, we rely on freshwater to operate our chillers, house scrubbers, process cooling water systems, and soft water treatment plants.

It’s a precious resource that we share with our communities.

In water stressed regions, we know it is imperative to manage water as responsibly and sustainably as we can.

In 2022, we exceeded our goal to achieve 17 million gallons of water savings in water stressed regions from a 2019 baseline by 2025.

As part of setting this goal, we used the World Resource Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to identify which of our facilities were in water stressed regions.

To date, we have identified six sites throughout California, South Korea, India, and Malaysia.

However, regions identified as water stressed shift over time, so we will continue to periodically review and update this list.

In these and other areas, our GWS team explores and invests in water saving technologies and efficiency upgrades.

We monitor industrial wastewater and stormwater discharges in accordance with local regulatory requirements, and often find ways to repurpose process based wastewater to support other areas of our operations.

To build on our success in achieving our initial water savings goal, we are updating our 2025 goal to 80 million gallons of water savings from a 2019 baseline.

Added eight water recovery units to our abatement systems in California.

Operationalized reuse and recovery systems and additional water recovery units at our sites in Malaysia South Korea and Fremont, California.

These projects led us to drive widespread water savings and exceed our 2025 water savings goal.

Added another seven water recovery units in California.

Updated our 2025 goal to achieve 80 million gallons of water savings.

To ensure a sustainable future, we need to reduce waste.

Whether it’s operating more efficiently or embracing circularity, we’re committed to doing our part.

Lam generates both non hazardous and hazardous waste as we research, develop, and manufacture our products.

We actively monitor this waste and manage it in accordance with industry best practices, and our ISO 14001 multi site certification drives us to reduce our environmental impact by using materials as efficiently as we can.

Most of the waste we generate consists of non hazardous materials, such as wood pallets, cardboard and packaging, and municipal waste.

To reduce these streams, we employ circular practices, such as waste reduction, recovery, recycling, and reuse.

In 2022, our teams identified strategies to better manage and reduce non hazardous waste.

They partnered with a third party to conduct reporting and internal audits, which resulted in key recommendations for efficient waste management practices.

We are now engaging employees to implement these practices globally, while exploring an additional third party partnership to examine our practices related to receptacles, signage, composting, compacting, and more.

Lam has also joined SEMI’s Circularity working group to share best practices and collaborate to advance further industry innovations.

Sometimes it pays to challenge the status quo and test new ways to optimize existing processes.

That was true for a manufacturing process where we shipped unused parts back to the warehouse to be returned to stock.

In the past, our material handlers shipped each part in individual boxes, which were discarded once the parts were re stocked and stored in bulk.

Then, Willis Wah, who joined Lam from a global shipping company, put his expertise to work to streamline the process and reduce packaging waste.

As the manager of logistics for Lam’s Fremont, California, campus, Willis worked with the Warehouse team to consolidate and ship the parts in reusable totes.

Within the first month of implementation, the new process helped Lam avoid using approximately 275 boxes.

It also led to reduced labor hours and transportation costs, and made stress injuries less frequent among material handlers.

Lam holds ISO 14001 multi site certification for environmental management, which covers our Fremont and Livermore, California Tualatin, Oregon and Villach, Austria sites, and individual site certification for Osan, Korea and Eaton, Ohio.

As an engaged member of the RBA, we also complete voluntary assessments across our manufacturing sites.

In 2022, our sites’ self assessment questionnaires (SAQ), which cover environmental and social topics, low risk scores.

We also earned Silver recognition for our first RBA validated audit at our Livermore, California, site.

Our manufacturing processes and research development (R D) operations use chemicals that produce hazardous waste, such as lab debris and waste that is corrosive or flammable.

We follow strict controls to responsibly handle each of these streams and aim to divert hazardous waste from landfills by finding alternative methods of disposal.

As part of our commitment to environmental stewardship and due diligence, we conduct a periodic risk assessment of our hazardous waste treatment, storage, and disposal facilities (TSDF).

Lam partners with CHWMEG a nonprofit trade association whose members strive to efficiently steward waste to perform comprehensive TSDF audits, the results of which we integrate into our risk assessment process.

Chemicals enable us to manufacture leading edge products, and they’re essential to R D. Our site Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) and Product groups work together to ensure our employees handle these materials with caution and care.

This begins even before chemicals arrive at Lam’s sites, as we use a chemical information management system to track and monitor our chemical inventories and approve site based chemical requests.

Once onsite, our teams focus on proper transportation, storage, and inventory management to track where and how chemicals are used and manage potential risks.

In 2022, we continued to drive consistency among all Lam sites and integrate a chemical information management system as part of the overall chemical management process at the new sites in South Korea, Malaysia, and India.

In 2023, we plan to improve our purchasing systems to allow easier and more automated environmental reporting.

Embracing green chemistry practices We use our expertise to weigh the benefits and drawbacks of various chemicals in terms of their effectiveness, availability, and impact on the environment.

As global chemical regulations become more complex, we are proactively working with our supply chain partners, chemical suppliers, and chemicals management systems to ensure Lam’s ongoing compliance and to adopt emerging green chemistry practices.

We work with our engineers and designers to make decisions with the planet in mind.

In 2022, we created a tool that engineers can use to assess the GHG emissions intensity of various recipes that are used to process the wafers.

We plan to expand on this project in 2023 and share the insights we’ve gained across our organization.

Clean air is essential for human and environmental health, and we are committed to doing our part to reduce air pollution.

As we work to reduce emissions, our teams have pilot programs in place to further integrate Lam’s tools with our customers’ chemical systems.

This allows us to minimize chemical waste and maximize abatement system efficiency.

Sometimes we do this by using external abatement systems.

In other cases, we focus on selecting processes that minimize the use of high global warming potential chemicals and thereby reduce emissions.

For many of Lam’s passionate employees, internal sustainability is just the start.

We’re proud to see our employees get involved with their local communities to plant trees, protect biodiversity, and advocate for environmental health.

A key pathway for employee led sustainability action is Lam’s Employee Sustainability Community (LESC).

This employee resource group (ERG) includes more than 450 global members working to support sustainable change.

In 2022, LESC facilitated many volunteer and learning opportunities, including inviting Stacey MacNeil, Lam’s chief communications officer, to discuss our company’s net zero roadmap.

LESC members in Malaysia planted trees to mark 50 years of industrialization in the country, and, in India, LESC hosted a Best out of Waste competition to showcase employees’ commitment to recycling and reuse.

Because of these efforts, LESC received Lam’s 2022 Environmental Stewardship Award, which highlights employees’ environmental efforts, both at Lam and in our communities.

Sponsored by EHS, the Environmental Stewardship Awards are part of a larger campaign for Earth Month, which, this year, included events around the globe.

Many more environmental activities took place throughout the year, as employees acted with purpose for a better, greener world.

LESC Malaysia formed after learning about the company's net zero ambition and roadmap.

We’re a passionate group of individuals working to spread awareness and directly support Lam's ESG goals.

We strive to leverage our Core Values, cross functional collaboration, and continuous improvement to make a positive impact on the planet.

We're engaging employees to shape a culture rooted in our Core Values.

How do we solve the unsolvable By bringing together the brightest minds and empowering them to reach new heights.

Our workplace programs are designed to facilitate collaboration, enhance safety, spur innovation, and accelerate employee growth.

We strive to offer inclusive development opportunities and benefits that meet our employees’ holistic needs.

This supports our goal to build on our high performance culture with best in class employee engagement.

It also bolsters our work to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace work that begins by expanding our talent pipeline and collaborating with industry and community partners to create more opportunities for women and underrepresented students and professionals in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM).

In 2022, we opened the doors of our new India Center for Engineering and our Korea Technology Center.

As we expanded Lam’s operations, our Core Values and Purpose kept our global workforce united and aligned.

With a focus on engagement, we increased employee outreach and grew our employee resource groups (ERGs).

We also rolled out new manager resources and cutting edge benefits that further empower our employees to lead and thrive.

Implemented a new Student Loan Assistance program in the U.S.

Ended the year with an engagement score of 78, one point below the global top tier benchmark of 79.

Increased the proportion of women in our global workforce by 3.0% and underrepresented employees in the U.S. by 5.0% over 2021.

Lam has a legacy of strong employee engagement and development, and those priorities came to the forefront in 2022.

Throughout the year, we up skilled our people managers to help them support their global teams.

We also made it a priority to maintain workplace flexibility while keeping our employees connected, inspired, and engaged.

These efforts helped us land at 555 on Forbes’ list of the World’s Best Employers and 29 among the best employers recognized in the U.S.

There’s power in really listening, and we trust our employees to know what they need to succeed.

We regularly engage employees to find out what’s working and how we can better meet their evolving needs.

The key is to turn those insights into action in the form of innovative development opportunities, benefits programs, and more.

That’s how we deliver a positive employee experience that supports recruitment, retention, and professional growth.

In 2022, we matured our engagement processes to improve data collection and analysis and make survey insights more accessible and actionable across Lam’s teams.

We conducted our annual survey in June, with seven new data inputs to measure key engagement correlations.

We also added two new data outputs to enable cross program analysis and shared the results with six internal teams.

After the survey, we leveraged online learning and a new Experience Progress Roadmap to drive employee feedback and conversations.

Another feature was a short pulse survey administered in October to continue engaging with employees on key topics.

And followed up with a 3 question pulse survey in October.

Enhanced inclusion and diversity training with new INCLUDE manager training.

Guided managers to prioritize teamwide communication.

Supporting a sense of connection Since 2020, many new employees have worked with their teams remotely.

To help them build a strong sense of connection, Lam’s global Human Resources team launched new culture workshops for these employees in 2022.

During 90 minute sessions, Lam’s senior leaders demonstrated how we put our Core Values into action.

In total, they engaged more than 2,700 employees during 37 global sessions delivered in each region’s local language.

Additionally, we facilitated virtual executive employee engagement sessions for those hired within the past six to nine months, in which employees shared their experiences with Lam’s chief human resource officer and CEO.

These leaders also hosted roundtables with managers of highly engaged teams, which our sites modeled in various regions.

Members of Lam’s Board got involved by engaging with recently hired college graduates to create an opportunity for two way feedback and insights.

Being able to speak directly with Board members helped me connect to our company's culture and understand that we are all one team working together.

Several years after the emergence of the pandemic, workplace flexibility is here to stay.

In 2022, we updated our workplace modalities to include onsite, onsite flex, virtual flex, and remote.

In fact, our virtual flex employees scored the highest on engagement exceeding the technology industry benchmark.

Employees attributed their positive experiences to Lam’s culture, well being programs, and strong employee support.

We’re proud to see our people thrive in this environment and rolled out additional resources to support them in 2022.

Home office stipend to help offset remote work expenses.

From the first day employees join us, we put them on a trajectory for long term growth.

We use layered development programs to support Lam’s employees and leaders through experience and education.

To expand this programming, we launched Supervisor Essentials, a learning program designed specifically for manufacturing supervisors, in 2022.

We also continued several ongoing development opportunities, such as BetterUp coaching for new managers, our Targeted Manager Support program, our enterprise wide mentoring program, and our Leap technical training and certification program for new hires and Lam engineers.

Lam earned Training Magazine’s 2022 Training APEX Award, which recognizes organizations that excel in training and human capital development.

We strive to equip them with resources for overall health and well being, while making them feel appreciated and inspired to keep reaching new heights.

Our benefits and recognition programs support these aspirations and reinforce Lam’s Core Values.

Recognizing exceptional performance As we mature our engagement processes, we’re delving into the link between engagement and recognition.

Recent research indicates that organizations with meaningful recognition programs have a 14% employee engagement, productivity, and performance edge.

In 2022, we continued our Above and Beyond recognition program, in which employees can acknowledge their colleagues’ great work and embodiment of Lam’s Core Values.

We also recognized employees’ commitment to enhancing sustainability through our environmental stewardship awards.

For the second year, we held a Gratitude Summit, in which employees could attend a series of workshops sponsored by Workhuman.

We also worked with Workhuman to conduct a cross program analysis of our employee engagement survey results so we could better understand the intersection of employee recognition and engagement.

Delivering inclusive benefits Employees can be more present at work when they have a foundation of overall well being, whether that means taking time off to be with family, getting regular check ups, or improving financial health.

We strive to continuously enhance our benefits to support the needs of Lam’s diverse employee base.

Our goal is to deliver resources that support all aspects of our employees’ well being and health.

One of our focus areas is increasing family and parental support.

In 2021, we enhanced our U.S. parental leave policy to give birth mothers up to six months of paid parental leave.

We also began providing 16 weeks of paid bonding leave to all other new parents regardless of gender.

In 2022, we expanded both policies to our employees across the globe.

In March, we teamed up with Fidelity to launch our new Student Loan Assistance program for eligible U.S. employees.

The program offers 400 per month to eligible employees who have a qualified student loan for their own education in an accredited program.

Employees can take advantage of the benefits tax free, with the money transferring directly to their loan provider.

Accident and hospital indemnity coverage through MetLife.

In 2022, Lam earned GOLD Recognition from the American Heart Association for implementing best practices that build a culture of health for our employees.

In the dynamic semiconductor industry, our culture keeps us strong and steady.

Additionally, more than 1,700 global people managers participated in our new INCLUDE training which aims to what sets our business apart.

At Lam, we’re building a expand inclusive leadership capabilities, and further embed culture based on our company’s Core Values.

We also administered diverse perspectives and strive to create an environment our Hire Like a Champion training for the second year, which where every employee feels they belong.

These values are supports inclusive hiring practices.

The 2022 training included key to attracting, retaining, and developing highly skilled cohorts in the U.S. and Asia, which focused on recruiting talent.

They fuel innovation, build mutual respect, and high potential minority and female candidates.

Our commitment to non discrimination We aim to maintain and cultivate a workplace where every person has equal opportunities to thrive.

Our Global Employment Practices Statement declares our support of workers’ rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining, to the extent permitted under local laws.

Lam’s leaders take an intentional and progress oriented practices.

We prohibit unlawful discrimination, harassment, approach to build inclusive behaviors across our and retaliation in any aspect of employment, including organization.

We aspire to increase the proportion of underrepresented employees and women in Lam’s workforce.

In this regard, skill building and accountability are key.

As Lam’s leaders created their performance and development plans in 2022, we asked them to set a target focused on I D for the first time.

In 2022, we published a new Human Rights policy to further ensure the protection, safety, and dignity of all Lam employees.

Lam's Employee Relations team works closely with employees who have disabilities to provide workplace accommodations as needed.

Together we develop creative and effective solutions, such as job modifications for physical restrictions, sign language interpretation, and schedule accommodations to minimize obstacles or barriers.

To ensure accountability, we regularly measure our progress in recruiting, hiring, and retaining a diverse workforce.

We also leverage the expertise of a nationally recognized law firm and its data driven statistical model to objectively analyze our pay practices and identify trends and patterns.

We use this information to maintain and improve Lam's global compensation philosophy and practices.

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data.

Note: Minimal rounding has been applied to these data.

Yet diverse talent remains largely underrepresented in STEM.

Too often, students and candidates face institutional, social, and economic barriers that make it difficult to break into these fields and advance.

At Lam, we believe it’s time for that to change, so we use our resources, reach, and leadership position to move the needle.

Learn more about the transformative learning initiatives launched through our new social impact program.

Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering (GEM), which recruit diverse STEM professionals.

Internally, our Talent Acquisition team piloted exposure to industry internship programs, including our own.

We were proud to welcome GEM fellows as part of a highly emphasizes outreach to diverse candidates and includes a diverse and talented intern cohort in 2022. diverse slate of candidates goal.

Global academic scholarship awards When we see passion and talent, we go all in to help STEM students succeed.

In 2022, several of our locations in Asia provided scholarships aimed at increasing I D in STEM.

China, as well as scholarships for women in STEM in Taiwan.

Despite some improvement, women remain largely underrepresented in global STEM careers.1 We are committed to shifting this gender imbalance especially in the semiconductor industry and we know progress must start from within.

One of our workplace goals is to increase the proportion of women throughout our company by 2025.

To drive progress, we strive to amplify the voice of our industry’s women leaders while creating a workplace environment where women can excel and advance.

In 2022, we updated our internal hiring practices to strive to include a female employee on every interview panel.

Compared to 2021, we increased the proportion of women at our company by 3.0%.

We supported female STEM leaders through company webinars, industry conferences, and global ERGs.

One highlight was attending our first in person Grace Hopper Celebration the premier U.S. conference for women in tech.

During the conference, three of Lam’s female leaders hosted an inclusion focused career development workshop.

Through Innovation, the breakout session engaged more than 200 participants.

The symposium was hosted by the University of California’s EDGE in Tech Initiative, which is committed to addressing challenges faced by women and other under included identities in engineering and computer science.

Designing the Difference award, which recognizes companies that are making a significant and measurable impact on advancing the industry through I D.

The Lam India Women’s Network (LIWN) was our first ERG launched in India.

LIWN brings female employees together to focus on personal and professional development, networking and collaboration, and business impact.

During 2022, LIWN hosted a financial awareness session, career mapping and Gallup Strengths profiling workshops, and many other events.

Lam’s ERGs create a welcoming space where employees empower each other to learn, develop, advocate, and lead.

Under our model, each ERG develops its own charter, initiatives, and goals, which support ESG progress, mentorship, inclusion, community outreach, and employee engagement.

Members of our CEO staff engage closely with ERGs and serve as executive sponsors for each group.

The support goes two ways, with sponsors often seeking feedback on emerging and ongoing company initiatives.

In 2022, our leaders held roundtables with global ERGs, including a U.S. roundtable where over 80 participants joined Lam’s CEO.

Globally, we continued to grow our ERG network, achieving above average Fortune 500 participation.

Creating an inclusive culture is a year round commitment.

We also take time to highlight important moments throughout the year that honor, celebrate, or affect diverse employee groups.

Black History Month: honored with a letter to employees from Vince Brigman, Lam’s corporate vice president of global finance and corporate functions operations, who also sponsors two ERGs.

Earth Month: included activities hosted by our global chapters of LESC and the local green teams.

PRIDE: celebrated by Lam’s Pride ERG, which hit a new milestone by growing to 200 members.

Global Diversity Awareness Month: featured several activities, including a keynote on Reimagining Global Inclusion, an interactive theatrical activity, and interactive conversations on Leading from the Top.

We began promoting ERGs through our onboarding materials to help employees get involved right away.

Women should not have to settle based on limitations and boundaries.

At Lam, we’re asking what can be done to remove those barriers, instead.

Our Women in Global Operations ERG helps members address potential barriers by growing their network, finding mentorship and guidance, and building long term careers at Lam.

Ensuring employees’ safety is fundamental to creating a positive work experience whether it be in an office, manufacturing plant, or lab.

Our global EHS policy applies to every employee and outlines our commitment to protecting all Lam personnel and minimizing risk.

We also maintain a single site certification at our Fremont, California, headquarters for ISO 45001, the globally recognized standard for occupational health and safety management systems.

In 2022, our Tualatin, Oregon, site achieved Voluntary Protection Program Star Status, the highest health and safety award bestowed by OSHA’s U.S. and Oregon divisions.

The award recognizes Lam’s low illness and injury rates and our commitment to a culture of safety setting us on a bold trajectory for continuous improvement and accountability for our safety performance.

Overall, we conducted more than 264,000 Risk Management by Walking Around inspections, a process used to identify and track safety issues and implement corrective actions.

At Lam Korea, we apply a planning, execution, validation, and problem solving’ cycle, based on the safety and health management practices put forth by ISO 45001.

We strive to monitor and address risks that can lead to safety and health issues while building a safety culture for all employees.

One of our ESG goals is to achieve an OSHA recordable injury rate at or below 0.4.

Lam’s growth in 2022 posed additional safety challenges, as we increased the number of temporary employees working in our operations.

To offset this challenge, we invested in prevention based education, training, awareness, and emergency preparedness programs.

Examples of these investments include our general health and safety training, physical training program, and ergonomic assessments.

We also continued our Safety Awareness for Everyone (SAFE) program, which we use to update employees on emerging safety issues.

We employ SAFE to prevent future issues by including lessons and stories based on incidents from the past.

Typically, engineers design products using 3D models, then deliver manufacturing information in 2D drawings.

At Lam, we’re moving to a new model based definition (MBD) format, in which engineers embed all product data including assembly level bills of materials (BOMs) directly in their 3D models.

However, there are challenges in making the transition.

For example, to create a 3D spare parts identifier, which field technicians and customers use to service tools and replace parts, engineers must manually copy part numbers from a BOM and paste them into a computer aided design model for verification.

Ramanathan Kannappan, a Bangalore based senior designer at Lam, identified several issues with this process.

Copying the wrong part number or overwriting data can lead field technicians and customers to order the wrong part, and engineers risk repetitive strain injuries by completing the same task hundreds of times.

As a solution, Ramanathan created a macro for the BOM that identifies duplicate parts, prevents data overrides, and improves project communication.

Since implementing the macro, engineers have nearly eliminated data errors and cut project ownership times by up to 50%.

We collaborate with suppliers to grow and scale for the future.

Lam’s advanced technologies rely on specialized materials and components.

To source them, we collaborate with thousands of suppliers around the world.

We invest in supplier relationships built on shared values of open communication and trust.

Our Core Values drive us to take ownership for upholding responsible, ethical practices and continuously improving our supply chain performance over time.

Our supply chain focus areas include climate action, human rights, supplier diversity, and responsible mineral sourcing.

To increase supplier engagement across these areas in 2022, we matured our supply chain management processes and grew our Supply Chain ESG team.

We also surveyed our suppliers on their climate performance and helped them accelerate progress toward their sustainability goals.

By the year’s end, more than half of our top 100 suppliers (by spend) acknowledged our Climate Pledge.

Together, we can collaborate toward mutual ESG progress and long term, sustainable business growth.

Exceeded our goal with 94% of suppliers responding to our conflict minerals survey.

Exceeded our goal by engaging with 100% of top tier suppliers in 2022.

Deepened supplier engagement through our inaugural Supplier ESG Forum, new supplier engagement platform, new monthly webinar series and newsletter, and additional trainings via the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA).

Lam updated this goal in 2022 per the SBTi verification and approval process.

Note: Unless otherwise noted, data in this chapter are inclusive of direct material spend globally.

Lam’s supply chain is extensive, so we employ strong oversight and governance to facilitate comprehensive supply chain management across the globe.

Our Supply Chain ESG team leads our direct supplier risk assessment efforts, with a focus on driving continuous improvements.

Lam also has cross functional supply chain teams that collaborate to share best practices around supplier engagement.

We believe it is vital that we prioritize innovation, competitiveness, collaboration, and supply chain security to maintain U.S. leadership in this critical global industry.

Tim Archer president and CEO of Lam speaking about U.S. semiconductor competitiveness during his testimony before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.

Lam engages suppliers early in the supplier lifecycle and continues to manage and facilitate their progress over time.

We evaluate suppliers based on multiple factors, including known human rights risk indicators, geography, and spend.

Upon selection, we encourage suppliers to become RBA members and contractually require that every supplier adheres to our Global Supplier Code of Conduct (GSCC), the RBA Code of Conduct, and applicable laws and regulations.

Throughout the supplier lifecycle, we continue to conduct due diligence using a risk based approach.

This process may include RBA audit reports, inspections, and corrective actions as needed.

In 2022, we leveraged additional RBA tools to better quantify risks in the regions where our suppliers operate.

This included requesting and collecting RBA self assessment questionnaires (SAQ) and audit assessments via RBA's Validated Assessment Program.

Through the process, we identified three high risk countries for child labor and migrant labor.

We use country level risk data to inform our overall supplier engagement and assessment strategy.

And, for any specific supplier risks, we apply the RBA guidelines to address those on a case by case basis by requesting corrective action plans and that follow up closure audits are completed.

Supply chain challenges in 2022 led to significant delivery delays for certain tools.

As the team worked to address these challenges, one opportunity that was identified led to reduced delivery time for some shipments by more than 50%.

How did we do it A cellphone sized device that costs about 40.

The idea came from Joe Picciocchi, who joined Lam’s Livermore, California, site in 2021 as senior manager of logistics.

Realizing Logistics had no way of tracking a package’s location, Joe launched an initiative to equip critical shipments with inexpensive trackers that provide real time location data.

This empowered Logistics to optimize manufacturing schedules and hold transportation vendors accountable.

As a result, the shipping time from Guadalajara, Mexico, to Tualatin, Oregon, now takes just four to five days.

Logistics is tying its shipment tracking data to Lam’s Transportation Management System.

In the future, the system could leverage predictive analytics and artificial intelligence to automatically plan and dispatch shipments.

Lam's top direct material suppliers are assessed on human rights, environmental impact, and other known risk indicators including business volume and geographic location.

New direct suppliers are required to acknowledge Lam's GSCC.

Existing qualified suppliers are contractually obligated to comply with the GSCC as well as the RBA Code of Conduct.

Our top suppliers are eligible to though our Quality Management System (QMS) with a focus on new regional suppliers supporting Lam's Asia manfacturing locations. be awarded bonus points on their monthly Supplier Scorecard for diversity, ISO 14001 certification or RBA membership.

We ask our top suppliers to acknowledge Lam's Climate Pledge and provide carbon emissions data via our supplier engagement platform.

We offer supplier support to build environmental knowledge and capabilities that includes webinars and resources from academic institutions and subject matter experts.

Beyond supporting our business and customers, our supplier relationships are intrinsic to our net zero targets.

Upstream activities contribute to our Scope 3 emissions, so if we want to reduce them, we need top suppliers on board.

In 2022, we engaged with 100% of our top tier suppliers (by spend) on environmental sustainability opportunities, exceeding our goal of engaging at least 50% of our top tier suppliers on these topics by 2025.

We also made progress toward our 2025 goal by supporting 46.5% of top suppliers (measured by emissions) in setting SBTs.

During the year, we surveyed our top suppliers to better understand their climate progress and encouraged them to commit to climate action by acknowledging our Climate Pledge.

We also began asking suppliers to take a carbon footprinting class through the RBA.

By engaging suppliers on these issues, we are encouraging them to measure and manage important areas of their environmental impact.

This supports mutual progress toward our respective ESG priorities and goals.

When it comes to safe, dignified, and lawful working conditions, no one should be left behind.

We are committed to protecting and supporting human rights both in our supply chain and in our global operations.

Not only is this a compliance issue it aligns with our Core Values of honesty, integrity, mutual respect, and mutual trust.

We expect our suppliers and sites to comply with laws including but not limited to the U.K. Modern Slavery Act of 2015 and the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010.

Lam published its first Human Rights Policy in 2022, which outlines our expectations to uphold internationally recognized human rights.

This policy applies to all employees and we expect our suppliers, as well as our business and community partners, to adopt similar practices.

The policy aligns with the RBA’s Code of Conduct and builds on expectations outlined in our GSCC.

Additionally, our Global Employment Practices Statement declares our support of workers’ rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining, to the extent permitted under local laws.

These documents are distributed via email, published on our intranet, and made publicly available on our website.

Regular training is an important part of our human rights program.

And in 2022, we had 269 global supply chain management employees complete human rights training.

We also requested our top suppliers to complete RBA’s online human rights module.

Raw minerals are the building blocks of semiconductor technology, and we are committed to ensuring that they are ethically and responsibly sourced.

Lam is a member of the Responsible Mineral Initiative (RMI), a multi stakeholder organization that helps address egregious human rights issues in the mining of tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and other minerals of concern.

Since 2012, we have used the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template developed by RMI to assess our suppliers.

In 2022, we expanded our due diligence efforts related to minerals of concern to include cobalt and mica, as recommended by RMI.

Inclusion and diversity are part of our Core Values at Lam, and we recognize the value that our relationships with diverse suppliers bring.

During our supplier onboarding process, we implement measures to identify diverse suppliers, including minority , women , LGBTQ , and veteran owned businesses, as well as businesses owned by people with disabilities.

We also include diverse qualifications in our Supplier Scorecard and track and report spending with diverse direct material suppliers on a periodic basis.

Our diverse supplier spend totaled 123.3 million in 2022.

Our Supply Chain ESG team engages suppliers to understand their challenges, priorities, and needs.

They also reach out with best practices and resources to help suppliers build capability to make progress on social and environmental goals.

An ESG focused webinar series and a monthly newsletter, which we shared with nearly 200 direct and indirect suppliers.

An ESG portal to provide suppliers with additional support and resources.

We also offered additional training sessions and tools to help suppliers calculate their GHG emissions.

Semiconductors are strategically important to the world.

Throughout 2022, our suppliers played a key role in ensuring that the semiconductor ecosystem could continue to meet heightened demand.

We presented our highest performing suppliers with Excellence Awards during our annual Supplier Day at the end of October, recognizing their accomplishments across several categories.

In conjunction with Supplier Day, we held our inaugural Supplier ESG Forum where we presented XP Power with our Supplier ESG award.

The event included an expert panel with Lam's supply chain leaders, a keynote speaker from our customer Intel, and a presentation from a key supplier, Celestica.

The forum was a catalyst for relationship building and prioritizing environmental initiatives.

There’s a reason why open communication is one of Lam’s Core Values we believe it translates to mutual success.

This holds true for our approach to engaging suppliers to drive joint progress on climate action, human rights, and other issues related to ESG.

By investing in close, collaborative partnerships, we can build a stronger semiconductor ecosystem and future for all.

We use our resources to foster communities that are empowered, inclusive, and resilient.

Lam’s business is about powering semiconductor breakthroughs, and our communities know we don’t stop there.

We fund community programs that uplift the places where we operate and live in line with our Guiding Principle to act with purpose for a better world.

Beyond our philanthropic work, we encourage employees to participate in community initiatives on the ground.

Lam attracts people who are changemakers and problem solvers at heart when they see a community in need, they pitch in.

In 2022, our employees worked alongside colleagues and neighbors to pack backpacks, donate textbooks, and plant trees.

They held fundraisers and drives to support local causes and took part in Lam’s longtime tradition of delivering joy.

As an organization, we launched our new social impact platform, which focuses our community work around three areas that align with our values and strengths.

Lam also kicked off our first signature initiative, a three year collaboration with FIRST Global.

We look forward to working with the organization to inspire science and technology leadership and innovation in youth.

It’s just one way we’re working with our community partners to power breakthroughs together.

Achieved our goal by launching a new social impact framework with three strategic focus areas to guide our giving and signature program initiatives.

Began developing a reporting process and measurement outcomes.

Increased annual unique employee participation rate from 10% in 2021 to 18% in 2022.

Achieved and surpassed our goal with employees completing 21,133 volunteer hours in 2022 for a total increase of 58% from a 2019 baseline2 and set a new goal to achieve 40,000 by end of 2025.

Data in this chapter are inclusive of Lam Research and Silfex.

One of Lam’s Guiding Principles is to act with purpose for a better world.

In 2022, we introduced our new social impact platform to bring that vision to life.

Our new platform, Powering Breakthroughs Together, provides a framework for Lam to make a positive community impact where it matters most.

Our strategy is to cultivate meaningful relationships with charitable organizations that share our purpose and vision.

Transformative learning We’re pushing the boundaries of education to carve out new pathways for learners, innovators, and creative thinkers.

Resilient communities We’re helping communities build resilience in the face of adversity through strong relationships, enhanced technological capacity, preparedness, and recovery planning.

Inclusive societies We're working to change inequitable systems and increase access to resources and opportunities that help communities reach their full potential and flourish.

For more than forty years, we’ve defied conventions.

But we know, technology alone doesn’t enable breakthroughs.

To relentlessly pursue innovation that delivers real impact.

When people are empowered to collectively reimagine tomorrow, we power a better world for generations to come.

Our new Powering Breakthroughs Together platform speaks to what Lam stands for and the type of social impact we want to make.

Through it, we’re building meaningful partnerships with organizations that align with Lam’s Guiding Principle to act with purpose for a better world.

Curiosity and inspired learning are key to powering breakthroughs, so we invest in the ongoing foundational elements that lead to continuous discoveries and innovations.

Pushing the boundaries of traditional approaches to education, with an aim to introduce new ways of learning, foster new discoveries, shift mindsets, and empower growth.

Equipping people with the knowledge and skillsets needed to succeed in the innovation workforce of the future.

That was the objective of the 2022 FIRST Global challenge, held in Geneva, Switzerland.

The Olympics style international robotics competition brought together 1,550 students from 180 countries and 179 teams.

Lam provided a 1.33 million donation to support FIRST Global in 2022 and served as the premier sponsor for the challenge.

We also engaged 17 employees who volunteered as mentors for the students.

During the event, Lam’s chief technology officer announced Lam’s long term FIRST Global commitment: A donation of 10 million over the next three years, beginning in 2023.

FIRST Global enables transformative learning on a world stage The competition is an important opportunity to showcase and foster the critical thinking required to address the challenges facing our industry and, more broadly, society.

What if every child had the tools they needed to solve problems in their own communities That’s the question posed by FIRST Global, a nonprofit working to inspire science and technology leadership and innovation in young people from all nations through robotics.

In 2022, Lam donated 1.33 million to the organization and announced an additional 10 million donation, to be distributed over the next three years.

California’s EOYDC is on a mission to develop the social and leadership capacities of youth and young adults.

The center works to prepare local youth for future employment, higher education, and leadership opportunities.1 Lam bolstered EOYDC’s programs with a 300,000 donation to foster education equity for 1,000 Black and Latinx low income youth.

The vision of the Kids and Future Foundation is to see a world where every youth can realize their dreams of a better, brighter future.2 Lam’s South Korea site partnered with the foundation to support 117 students’ participation in the Hello Coding Camp afterschool program.

For six years, the Women in Leadership at Lam ERG has collaborated with the Family Giving Tree in California for its annual backpack drive.

In 2022, more than 70 employees supported the effort, bringing in the help of family members and friends to fill and deliver 1,500 backpacks for Bay Area students.

Inspired by the drive at our headquarters, a product manager at Lam rallied 22 employees in Oregon to deliver 250 backpacks filled with school supplies to Hawks View Elementary school students.

Lam received the Silicon Valley Business Journal’s 2022 Community Impact Award, which recognizes businesses and nonprofits making a positive impact in Silicon Valley.

Supporting Springfield High School’s STEM Learning Academy program in Ohio.

Serving as the title sponsor for the Silicon Valley Leadership Group Foundation’s Heart Soles run, whose objective is to promote Silicon Valley student success through increased physical activity and access to healthy foods.

Supporting the National Science and Technology Museum’s coding and robotics programs for elementary and junior high school students from remote and disadvantaged areas in Taiwan.

Donating textbooks to university students majoring in engineering in South.

We support programs to strengthen relationships, technology, preparedness, and recovery plans that enable communities to succeed in the face of adversity.

Engaging and connecting with community members to support the adoption, maintenance, and evolution of preparedness, recovery, and relief efforts.

Helping rebuild communities impacted by natural disasters or adverse conditions.

Members of our LESC ERG engaged in year round sustainability efforts in the U.S., Asia, and Europe.

That’s the idea behind One Tree Planted, a nonprofit organization focused on reforestation.

The Lam Foundation supports United Way Bengaluru's efforts in India to restore a local school.

Based on the school’s design and location, it has been subject to annual flooding and fallen into disrepair.

Lam pledged 600,000 over the next three years to support the resiliency project, with additional funds provided by Lam’s India site.

Based in Taiwan, TOAF works to restore the environment while improving people’s livelihoods and well being.

The Lam Foundation provided a grant to help TOAF establish coastal forests to prevent coastal erosion.

In addition, 39 Lam employees volunteered alongside family members to plant 1,000 trees along the island.

In August, a series of storms near our site in Villach, Austria, caused widespread damage and destruction.

In response, 47 Lam employees raised over 8,000, including the company match, to help communities in the area rebuild, with additional relief funding provided by the Lam Foundation.

Both donations went to GlobalGiving’s Caritas Carinthia project, providing food, medical, and financial support.

Donating over 4,000 raised by 66 employees, including Lam's company match to support communities impacted by hurricanes Ian and Fiona.

Celebrating Lam Japan’s 30th anniversary through donations to three nonprofits selected based on a vote by regional employees.

Collaborating with the National Nature Trust in support of habitat preservation, restoration projects, and endangered species protection projects in South Korea.

Lam Research is a company that acts on both a global and local scale.

Eighty five percent of our Lam Villach employees live in Carinthia, so I see it as our duty to support the local area and its charitable organizations.

It makes me proud whenever we can share our company’s successes with those less fortunate.

One of Lam’s enduring traditions is our annual campaign to Deliver Joy, which engages employees to support communities where they live and work around the world.

In 2022, employees across 18 countries organized 82 volunteer events, contributing over 10,000 volunteer hours and raising 1.3 million in community donations alongside the Lam Foundation.

On GivingTuesday, many employees took advantage of our two for one corporate match.

Others chose to volunteer at local food banks or participate in activities through their ERGs.

For example, Lam Malaysia teamed up with the Women’s Center for Change to support initiatives that empower women and children.

Employees donated pre loved items and volunteered for a sale to raise funds for the organization.

Other Asia based employees assembled care packages to support approximately 450 teenagers experiencing homelessness, and, in Japan, employees gathered and delivered clothes to local foster children.

Meanwhile, Lam China employees participated in a donation drive to provide remote, underprivileged students in the Sichuan and Yunnan provinces with recess equipment and books.

Finally, in North America and Europe, our teams mobilized for a range of donation drives and community support activities.

This included facilitating a toy drive benefiting Toys for Tots in the U.S.

We invest in initiatives to facilitate equitable access and opportunities to help communities reach their full potential.

Leveling the playing field for underserved and underrepresented communities’ long term economic and physical well being.

Driving systemic change to break the cycle of inequities and or designing new systems, processes, and procedures with inclusion in mind.

Through the efforts of Sankalp, the corporate social responsibility (CSR) team at Lam India, more than 400 economically disadvantaged students from three local schools were provided with essentials, such as classwork supplies, textbooks, school clothing items, and nutritional snack kits to help mitigate barriers to obtaining an equitable education.

This project was one of many that Sankalp supported through local Lam India CSR dedicated funding, which totaled more than 80,000 in 2022.

In response to the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, the Lam Foundation provided a 100,000 donation to the International Rescue Committee to uplift those who have been impacted and displaced during the war.

Lam’s employees also rallied behind the people of Ukraine, with 327 employees donating a total of 60,000, including the company match, to support the country’s refugees.

UNCF envisions a nation where all Americans have equal access to a college education that prepares them for rich intellectual lives, competitive and fulfilling careers, engaged citizenship, and service to our nation.1 Lam is proud to have partnered with this organization over the last several years in support of multiple activities.

For the second year in 2022, Lam provided 100,000 to UNCF to fund 20 scholarships to historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs).

Bias and hate motivated crimes are a threat to our communities.

After a deadly shooting targeting LGBTQ individuals in Colorado Springs, Colorado, 24 Lam employees donated 6,500, including the company match, to a community response campaign, with the funds split among several organizations supporting services for LGBTQ youth and mass casualty crime victims.

Established in 1952, the Singapore Children’s Society protects and nurtures children and youth of all races and religions.

We provided grant support for youth services, anti bullying campaigns, and the organization’s annual Walk for Children.

Lam’s team in the region also supported the organization by donating school supplies to local students.

In 2022, Silfex employees at our Eaton and Springfield, Ohio, sites found creative ways to uplift and serve their local communities.

Celebrating National Pet Month by organizing pet adoptions and running a pet supply drive to support local shelters.

Supporting Pink Ribbon Girls to promote breast cancer awareness.

Packing boxes of goods for the Second Harvest Food Bank during.

Volunteering with Preble County Christmas for Kids to sponsor nearly 200 wish lists for local kids.

Working with Girls Inc. of the Pacific Northwest to support their STEM focused.

Continuing our relationship with the Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley to support the Latinos in Technology scholarship initiative.

At Lam, we believe wholeheartedly in our employees’ potential to reimagine tomorrow.

We encourage them to engage with their local communities to activate positive change.

By providing opportunities for community involvement, we also give our company a competitive edge.

Our teams work best when they feel inspired, and our community programs attract new employees who are passionate about this work.

Employees can track their volunteer hours and make charitable contributions through our community engagement platform.

Lam provides monetary matching gifts, matching dollars for employee volunteer time, and resources for our teams to mobilize and volunteer.

We are also growing our Lam Cares ambassador program, which enables employees to champion community involvement for their teams, departments, and regions.

In 2022, employees showed depth of impact through recurring donations, weekly volunteerism, and activities facilitated by our ERGs. Our partnership with Rise Against Hunger is just one example, in which we held meal packing events with groups of 100 150 employees.

Lam Research Corporation published this report to provide an overview of our company’s products, services, and operations related to ESG performance.

This report covers calendar year 2022, with some exceptions noted, including financial data that is Lam’s fiscal year (June 28, 2021 June 26, 2022).

The report encompasses our wholly owned subsidiaries across the globe, with some data limited to particular geographies, which we note throughout the report.

We self declare that this report is completed In Reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Universal Standards.

A GRI index at the end of this report shows our alignment with GRI reporting elements and our priority ESG topics.

We also report in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standard for the Technology and Communications Sector: Semiconductor Industry.

We have noted any significant changes in scope and boundary throughout the report that may vary from our 2021 report, published in 2022.

External assurance is limited to financial data from the consolidated financial statements in our 2022 Annual Report on SEC Form 10 K and environmental and safety data as outlined in the third party assurance letter included in this report.

This ESG report has been reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board and has been reviewed and approved by our president and CEO.

For more information about our corporate governance, please reference our Proxy Statement.

Introduction DNV Business Assurance USA, Inc. (DNV) has been commissioned by the management of Lam Research Corporation (Lam) to carry out an independent limited level assurance engagement of Selected Information for calendar year 2022 and, where marked, for Calendar Years 2019, 2020, and 2021, as presented in Lam’s 2022 Sustainability Disclosures (the Report ).

The assurance was carried out March through May 2022.

Lam has sole responsibility for preparation of the data and external report.

DNV, in performing our assurance work, is responsible to the management of Lam.

Our assurance statement, however, represents our independent opinion and is intended to inform all stakeholders including Lam.

We do not express conclusions on other information that may be published on Lam’s website or sustainability disclosures for the current reporting period or previous periods.

We performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.

This standard requires that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the assurance engagement to obtain limited assurance.

DNV applies its own management standards and compliance policies for quality control, in accordance with ISO IEC 17029:2019 Conformity Assessment Requirements for bodies providing audit and certification of management systems, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing and are less detailed than those undertaken during a reasonable assurance engagement, so the level of assurance obtained is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

We planned and performed our work to obtain the evidence we considered sufficient to provide a basis for our opinion, so that the risk of this conclusion being in error is reduced, but not reduced completely.

DNV’s assurance engagements are based on the assumption that the data and information provided by the client to us as part of our review have been provided in good faith.

This includes but is not limited to sales and acquisitions, building occupancy rates, operating hours, and operational control.

DNV expressly disclaims any liability or co responsibility for any decision a person or an entity may make based on this Independent Assurance Statement.

DNV is a leading provider of sustainability services, including verification of GHG emissions data and other environmental metrics.

Our environmental and social assurance specialists work in over 100 countries.

DNV used a risk based approach throughout the assurance engagement, concentrating on the areas that we believe are most material for both Lam and its stakeholders.

DNV applied a materiality threshold of five percent for all data in scope.

The assurance process includes desk review of the submitted documentation, site visit, data records and sources relating to the selected performance metrics and corporate environmental footprint data claims.

Review of the waste segregation methodology and description of waste categorization Conduct data checks for the waste data collected, transferred, and calculated Perform sample based assessment of data reported against the source data (waste collected to landfill and waste diverted) provided by waste management companies.

Inherent Limitations Due to the selective nature (sampling) and other inherent limitations of both procedures and systems of internal control, there remains the unavoidable risk that errors or irregularities may not have been detected.

Calculations of energy savings are subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for determining such data.

DNV did not conduct independent measurement of the energy savings variables.

This is a limitation which can influence the accuracy of our opinion.

Finally, the selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques, in particular related to the waste and energy savings performance, may result in materially different measurements.

Assurance Opinion Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the information and data within the Report is not fairly stated and has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the criteria stated.

This conclusion relates only to the information in the Report and is to be read in the context of this Assurance Statement.

Independence DNV was not involved in the preparation of any part of Lam’s data or report.

This is our first year of providing assurance for Lam.

We adopt a balanced approach towards all stakeholders when performing our evaluation.

Total sum of energy savings achieved across all ECMS implemented in the reporting year.

Water usage at all global facilities under Lam’s operational control in the reporting year.

Total sum of water usage entered based on invoices.

Water savings are achieved by installing water reduction units at the manufacturing plants in water stress areas.

Water savings are quantified based on the reduced flow rate measured by the flow meters.

Total sum of water savings based on real time flow meters and proper assumptions.

Methodology: (1) Total sum of hazardous waste generated across global facilities in the reporting year.

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) Number of incidents reported per 100 full time employees against the number of hours worked.

In 2022 reporting year, employee hours worked was assumed to be 2000, per Lam full time employees.

Visit our Report Appendix for our Performance Summary, and our GRI, SASB, TCFD and UNSDG indexes.

If you have questions regarding this report or Lam’s ESG activities, please contact: ESG lamresearch.com.

With the exception of historical facts, the statements contained in this ESG Report ( Report ) are forward looking statements.

Forward looking statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Certain, but not all, of the forward looking statements in this Report are specifically identified as forward looking by the use of words and phrases such as aim, anticipate, aspire, believe, build, commitment, continue, could, expand, expect, future, goal, increase, intend, maintain, may, objectives, opportunities, path, plan, remain, should, strategy, strive, target, vision, will, and would.

However, our identification of certain statements as forward looking does not mean that other statements not specifically identified are not forward looking.

Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to: economic, market, industry and industry segment expectations the role of our technology and innovations in the semiconductor industry and the world our incorporation of ESG principles into our activities our environmental impact our engagement with our suppliers in their environmental and social efforts our contributions to climate action our ESG goals, including our goals related to achieving net zero emissions our standards for responsible and ethical conduct our aspirations for transparency and disclosure the role of ESG considerations in our product development our efforts to build an inclusive and diverse workplace our efforts to develop a responsible and ethical supply chain our ethics and compliance initiatives our commitment to ensuring human rights across our operations and supply chains and plans for our human rights program our compliance with legal, regulatory, and internal control requirements with respect to taxation our product innovation our investments in R D the performance, productivity, quality, safety, efficiency, or sustainability of our products the impact of our investment in opening new R D centers the technology areas that are strategically important to us reductions in the emissions output of our products the ability of our products to enable faster learning cycle our use of environmental principles in the product design process energy or water savings, or emissions reductions, that might be achieved by customers using our products materials savings that might be achieved through our re cleaning, repair, refurbishment or re coating services our commitment to diversity and inclusion our commitment to acting responsibly and improving our sustainability performance over time our initiatives to reduce our energy and water consumption and to reduce waste our investments in transitioning to renewable energy, emissions controls and energy efficiency technologies our engagement with customers and suppliers to set SBTs our commitment to climate action our management of water use and treatment our management of hazardous and non hazardous waste and our emissions our ability to safely manage chemicals and our adoption of green chemistry practices workplace flexibility the enhancement of our benefit programs our goals with respect to increasing the proportion of underrepresented employees and women in our workforce our ability to ensure the safety of our employees our ability to manage risks in our supply chain, including with respect to human rights and the impacts of our social impact platform.

Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value and effect.

Some factors that may affect these forward looking statements include: trade regulations, export controls, trade disputes and other geopolitical tensions may inhibit our ability to sell our products business, political and or regulatory conditions in the consumer electronics industry, the semiconductor industry and the overall economy may deteriorate or change the actions of our customers and competitors may be inconsistent with our expectations supply chain cost increases and other inflationary pressures have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our profitability supply chain disruptions have limited and are expected to continue to limit our ability to meet demand for our products the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID 19 pandemic (and the related governmental, public health, business and community responses to it), and their impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition, are evolving and are highly uncertain and unpredictable and widespread outbreaks of illness may impact our operations and revenue in affected areas as well as the other risks and uncertainties discussed under the headings Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements within Item 1A and at the beginning of Part I, respectively, of our fiscal year 2022 Annual Report on Form 10 K and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as our quarterly reports on Form 10 Q and current reports on Form 8 K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this Report and in ways that are not readily foreseeable.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us.

We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward looking statements, or to release the results of any revisions to these forward looking statements, to reflect the impact of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances that occur after the date of this Report.