Sustainability
Report
2022

About 
this report

This is our eighth annual sustainability 
report and it describes our approach 
and progress from 1 January 2022 to 31 
December 2022, unless otherwise stated. 
The content is based on those sustainability 
focus areas deemed material through 
comprehensive stakeholder engagement 
and analysis. All our business operations 
worldwide are in scope regardless of their 
function, unless otherwise stated.

Online resources:

AstraZeneca Sustainability Data Summary: provides 
performance measures and targets with at least three years 
of data, where available, and a United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals index.

AstraZeneca Sustainability webpages: cover additional 
topics of interest to our stakeholders.

Infographics: show our processes and practices.

Policies and company standards: state our positions 
and guidance on key topics.

2022 Annual Report: includes how sustainability 
is integrated across our business model and our 
risk management.

Contents

Sustainability overview 

Message from the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 

What sustainability means at AstraZeneca 

2022 performance highlights  

About us 

Contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals 

Sustainability governance 

Stakeholder engagement 

Access to healthcare 

Overview 

Equitable access 

Affordability and pricing 

Health system resilience 

3

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

14

16

Environmental protection 

Overview 

Ambition Zero Carbon  

Product sustainability 

Natural resources   

Ethics and transparency 

Overview 

Ethical business culture 

Inclusion and diversity 

Workforce safety and health 

Footnotes 

18

19

20

23

25

27

28

29

31

33

35

Assurance

Bureau Veritas has provided limited assurance for sustainability activities reported in the Sustainability Data Summary 2022 and in 
the Annual Report 2022. Details are described in the Letters of Assurance, which are publicly available. Assurance is in accordance 
with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3410 – ‘Assurance 
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements’ (‘ISAE 3410’), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. 

AstraZeneca has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, 
with reference to the GRI Standards. 

Next generation therapeutics 
Advancements in biotechnology have expanded 
our toolkit of drug modalities. This provides an 
opportunity to design therapeutics for disease 
mechanisms previously considered difficult, 
if not impossible, to target and enables our 
scientists to pioneer new approaches to drug 
discovery.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

2

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesMessage 
from the 
CEO

Caption placeholder: Ulpa alis volo del ipis et esto maximus aut 
landi blauditatem necaboritat laborrum lis volo del ipisut landi 
blauditatem laborrum.

Pascal Soriot, AstraZeneca CEO and Champion of the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI) Health Systems Task Force speaking at COP27, Egypt 2022.

Putting health at the heart 
of a sustainable future 

As we navigate current socio-economic 
and environmental challenges, we must 
prioritise building sustainable, resilient 
and equitable health systems that protect 
current and future generations.

During 2022, AstraZeneca demonstrated 
its continued commitment to innovate for 
patients and improve health outcomes 
worldwide. Our pandemic response and 
global vaccine delivery are testament to 
this, with over six million lives saved in 
the first year1 and a focus on equitable 
access.

I am equally proud of our efforts to 
address climate change, the greatest 
public health crisis of our time, which is 
causing a rise in chronic diseases and 
health inequalities, as well as increasing 
pressures on health systems. 

As highlighted in this Report, we are 
making important progress with our 
science-led Ambition Zero Carbon 
strategy. By the end of December 2022, 
we had achieved a 59.3% reduction in 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions compared to our 2015 
baseline, with our AZ Forest programme 
working in parallel to help restore nature 
and biodiversity, and over 10.5 million 
trees planted since 2020.

We also continued to drive change 
across the health sector, including 
through the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI). Ahead of COP27, the 
SMI Health Systems Task Force, which I 
am honoured to champion, announced 
shared commitments and actions to 
reduce emissions in line with the 1.5°C 
pathway and accelerate the transition to 
net-zero health systems.  

Furthermore, the Partnership for Health 
System Sustainability and Resilience 
(PHSSR), which we co-founded in 
2020, has now expanded to more than 
30 countries. Our top three ranking in 
the 2022 Access to Medicine Index 
recognises our strategic focus on 
increasing equitable and affordable 
access to life-changing treatments. 

How we achieve results is of vital 
importance, and we are guided by 
our Values in all that we do. Through 
our Code of Ethics and standards, we 
strive for a safe, responsible and ethical 
business culture for our employees 

and partners. We also take pride in 
championing a culture of inclusion and 
belonging, recognising the power of 
diversity in fostering innovation. 

2023 will see us further accelerate our 
efforts in delivering our sustainability 
goals. By working with others to prioritise 
health, we will play our part in ensuring 
communities and societies thrive, 
economies prosper, and the planet 
recovers. 

Pascal Soriot, 
AstraZeneca CEO

Inaugurating a Green Field Hospital with the Egyptian Health Authority during COP27 to 
support sustainable healthcare delivery.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

3

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesWhat 
sustainability 
means at 
AstraZeneca 

Sustainability at AstraZeneca 
means harnessing the power 
of science and innovation 
and our global reach to build 
a healthy future for people, 
society, and the planet. 

We are playing our part in tackling the 
biggest challenges of our time, from 
climate change to access to healthcare and 
disease prevention. By using a science-led 
approach and ensuring we act with integrity 
and in accordance with our Values, we are 
transforming the future of healthcare and 
making a positive impact.

We seek to create value beyond the 
impact of our life-changing medicines, by 
embedding sustainability into everything 
we do – from the lab to the patient. 

s to health c

s
e
c
c
A

H e a lthy people

e

r

a

Sustainability
at AstraZeneca

Building a healthy
future – for people, 
society, and the planet 

E

n

v
i
r

o

n

m

e

n

t

a

l

p
r
o
t
e
c
t
i
o
n

H

e

a

l

t

h

y

s

o

c
i
e
t

y

E
t

hics and transp a r e n c

y

t
e
n

Healthy pla

Our sustainability strategy 

The results of our 2021 materiality 
assessment identified the issues that matter 
most to AstraZeneca and our stakeholders, 
and showed where we can have a positive 
impact. We have nine focus areas, each 
with their own targets, grouped under three 
interconnected priorities:

Access to healthcare

Environmental protection

Ethics and transparency

Our ambitions 

Increasing access to life-saving treatments, 
promoting prevention, and strengthening 
global healthcare resilience and 
sustainability. 

Accelerating the delivery of net-zero 
healthcare, proactively managing our 
environmental impact across all activities, 
and investing in nature and biodiversity.

Ensuring ethical, open, and inclusive 
behaviour across our organisation and 
value chain.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

4

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotes 
 
2022 
performance 
highlights

Sustainability  
strategy 

Access to 
healthcare

Environmental 
protection
(changes are from 2015 baseline)

Ethics and 
transparency

14

public & private sector organisations 
convened by AstraZeneca CEO 
through the SMI to accelerate 
transition to net-zero health systems

126,684

healthcare workers 
trained since 2010 
(cumulative)

87%

of employee survey 
respondents say that they 
understand their contributions 
to our sustainability priorities

>44.63 
million

people reached through access 
to healthcare programmes 
(cumulative)

59.3%

reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions  

49.5%

senior middle management 
roles held by women

18.7%

reduction in our water use

8 countries

with supplier diversity 
programmes

25/27 

of sustainability targets in 
Sustainability Data Summary 
are ‘On plan’

>12.83 
million

people reached through our patient 
assistance programmes (cumulative)

18.6%

reduction in our waste

83%

of employee survey respondents 
feel we have a 'speak up' culture

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

5

Sustainability overviewSee Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesAbout us

Our purpose:

We push the boundaries of science to deliver 
life-changing medicines.  

To transform healthcare for billions of people, we are focused on: 

•  Science and innovation to deliver new medicines that address unmet medical need
•  Transforming outcomes for patients, increasing access to healthcare, and making 
healthcare systems more resilient, while growing the success of our company

•  Contributing sustainably to people, society, and the planet

Our strategic priorities drive our efforts, while working inclusively and collaboratively 
across our company and with others, always in line with our Values.

Our Values

Our strategic priorities

83,500 

employees worldwide

Employees by 
reporting region

Strategic R&D centres:

Cambridge, UK (HQ); Boston, MA, US; Gaithersburg, MD, US; 
Gothenburg, Sweden

1,200
Canada

16,500
US

4,000
Central and 
South America

7,100
Sweden

2,000
Russia

10,700
UK

11,400
Other Europe 

2,400
Middle East 
and Africa

Science & 
Innovation

Growth & 
Therapy Area 
Leadership

People & 
Sustainability

Europe 38%

Emerging markets 35%

US 20%

Established rest of 
the world 7%

Our recognition

Other R&D centres and offices:

San Francisco, CA, US; New York, NY, US; New Haven, CT, US; 
Alderley Park and Macclesfield, UK; Shanghai, China; Osaka, Japan.

16,500
China

3,500
Japan

7,200
Other Asia Pacific

1,000
Australia and 
New Zealand

We follow the science

We put patients first

We play to win

We do the right thing

We are entrepreneurial

3rd in 2022 Access to Medicine 
Index, 1st for product delivery

Bloomberg 
Gender-Equality Index 

A list for Climate 
and Water Security

World and Europe Global 
constituent Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index

FTSE4Good 

DiversityInc Top 50 
Companies for Diversity 
List (US) 

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

6

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesContribution to 
the Sustainable 
Development 
Goals (SDGs)

The 17 United Nations SDGs are a global call 
to action to address poverty, injustice, and 
inequality, while tackling climate change.

To evaluate our contribution we have mapped how our progress 
and metrics impact the SDG targets.

SDG 3 | Good health and wellbeing

3.4 Reduce premature mortality from 
non-communicable diseases (NCDs)

•  1,258 health facilities activated (cumulative) through 

Healthy Heart Africa programme

3.8 Achieve universal health coverage

•  More than 12.8 million people reached by 
patient access programmes (cumulative) 

•  More than 44.6 million people reached through 

•  NCD prevention information reached 39 countries 

healthcare programmes (cumulative)

through our Young Health Programme

3.6 By 2030, halve the number of global deaths 
and injuries from road traffic accidents

3.c Substantially increase health workforce 
in developing countries

•  More than 126,000 healthcare workers trained 

•  Driver safety: 49% reduction in collision rate 

(cumulative)

since 2015

SDG 12 | Responsible consumption and production 

12.2 Achieve the sustainable management and 
efficient use of natural resources

•  67% of new products have met their defined resource 

efficiency targets at launch since 2015

12.5 By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation 
through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse

•  18.6% decrease in total waste generation from 2015 

baseline 

•  In 2022, avoided 2,129 tonnes of waste by selling it as a 

by-product

SDG 5 | Gender equality 

SDG 6 | Clean water and sanitation 

5.5 Ensure women’s full and effective 
participation and equal opportunities 
for leadership at all levels of decision-
making in political, economic and 
public life

•  49.5% senior middle management roles held 

by women 

•  38.5% of Board of Directors occupied by women
•  Approximately 1,000 employees attended our 

dedicated leadership development programmes 
for women2

SDG 7 | Affordable and clean energy 

7.3 By 2030, double the global rate of 
improvement in energy efficiency

•  89.7% increase in energy productivity (million US 
dollars of revenue per GWh energy consumption) 
from a 2015 baseline

•  Reduced energy use by 14.4% since 2015 

baseline

6.3 By 2030, improve water quality by 
reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and 
minimising release of hazardous chemicals 
and materials

•  100% of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients 
(API) discharges from AstraZeneca sites and 
92% of discharges from direct suppliers were 
in compliance with target3

6.4 By 2030, substantially increase water-
use efficiency across all sectors and ensure 
sustainable withdrawals and supply of 
freshwater to address water scarcity

•  18.7% reduction in water use since 2015 baseline

SDG 13 | Climate action 

13.2 Integrate climate change measures into 
national policies, strategies and planning

•  Reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 59.3% since 

2015  baseline

•  Leading Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) Health 
Systems Task Force to accelerate the transition to 
net-zero health systems

SDG 15 | Life on land

•  Over 10.5 million trees planted since 2020 through 

AZ Forest 

•  97.5% of paper-based product packaging materials 

used were supplied from sustainable sources4

SDG 8 | Decent work and economic growth 

SDG 17 | Partnership for the goals  

8.8 Protect labour rights and promote safe 
and secure working environments for all 
workers

•  72% reduction in reportable injury rate since 2015

17.17 Encourage and promote effective public, 
public–private and civil society partnerships

•  PHSSR continues to expand and act as a driver for 

policy improvements in the countries where it is active

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

7

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesThe AstraZeneca Board of Directors approves our 
sustainability strategy and reviews our internal 
sustainability scorecard each quarter. 

Board of 
Directors

Leif Johansson 

Non-Executive Chair 
of the Board

Pascal Soriot

CEO and Executive 
Director of the Board

Sustainability 
governance

Our sustainability strategy is developed 
by our Senior Executive Team (SET) 
with governance provided by our Board of 
Directors and relevant Board Committees, 
in particular the Board Sustainability 
Committee, which assesses progress and 
helps ensure we move forward in the most 
impactful way.

With effect from January 2023, on the retirement of the EVP 
Sustainability and Chief Compliance Officer, responsibility for 
Sustainability passed to our EVP Operations, Information 
Technology and Sustainability.

In 2021, the Board established a Sustainability Committee 
to monitor the implementation of our sustainability 
strategy, oversee communication of sustainability activities 
with stakeholders, and provide input to the Board and 
other Board Committees on sustainability matters. 

During 2022, the Committee held two formal meetings 
and considered topics such as: embedding sustainability 
across AstraZeneca, including in the product lifecycle; 
reviewing how environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
risks are managed; reviewing the enterprise-wide approach 
to our Access to healthcare strategy; and supporting work 
on the compensation of ESG objectives. 

In addition, the Committee facilitated a deep dive session 
for the Board on progress against our Ambition Zero 
Carbon targets. 

Committee members also visited AstraZeneca’s R&D 
and Manufacturing supply site in Macclesfield, UK, 
and met with a range of employees working across our 
sustainability strategic priorities. 

The SET, led by our CEO, develops our sustainability 
strategy and is accountable for specific sustainability 
initiatives. They review our internal sustainability scorecard 
each quarter. In 2022, the EVP Sustainability and Chief 
Compliance Officer was responsible for the overall 
sustainability strategy execution, including measuring 
progress on targets and working with leaders to ensure 
alignment with business priorities. 

Board 
Sustainability 
Committee

Nazneen Rahman

Non-Executive Director of the Board and 
Chair of the Sustainability Committee

Sheri McCoy

Non-Executive Director of the Board

Marcus Wallenberg

Non-Executive Director of the Board

Andreas Rummelt 

Non-Executive Director of the Board 

Senior 
Executive 
Team (SET)

Pascal Soriot

CEO and Executive 
Director of the Board

Katarina Ageborg

EVP, Sustainability and Chief 
Compliance Officer, President 
AstraZeneca AB, Sweden

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

8

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotesStakeholder engagement in 
action 

Considering the interests of our stakeholders 
is fundamental to our Sustainability strategy. 
Foremost among our stakeholder groups as 
a company are our patients – including via 
patient communities and advocacy groups. 
Other priority stakeholders are payers including 
governments, particularly in relation to access 
to healthcare, the investor community on ESG 
matters and healthcare professionals (HCPs), 
with a focus on development and delivery of 
medicines. We also work closely with academia 
and R&D partners across the healthcare and 
environmental fields, as well as our industry 
peers and other major companies with a shared 
ambition to tackle sustainability challenges, 
through global policy and industry forums.  

We partner with governmental and non-
governmental bodies across our sustainability 
priorities. In addition, our suppliers are key to 
the achievement of many of our environmental 
targets and our commitments to ethical 
behaviour and transparency. We also aim to 
have a positive impact in the communities 
where we operate. Last but not least, we have 
an extensive process of communication and 
engagement with our employees, who are 
critical to the achievement of our sustainability 
goals. 

For more details on the interests, engagements, 
and outcomes of contact with these and other 
stakeholder groups, please see 'Connecting 
with our stakeholders' in the Corporate 
Governance section of our Annual Report 
(pages 86-88 and 217).

Stakeholder 
engagement 

We value the diverse perspectives of internal 
and external stakeholders, which help to 
shape our sustainability strategy and guide 
its implementation.

We periodically seek input from stakeholders through materiality 
assessments, as well as through regular engagements. We 
welcome transparent dialogue through a range of communication 
channels – online, face to face and in groups. Our Code of Ethics 
supports our approach.

Materiality assessment 

Our sustainability strategy is guided by the materiality assessment we conducted in 2021, which identified the issues that matter most to 
AstraZeneca and our stakeholders and showed where we can have a positive impact. We assess the relevance of our strategy and material focus 
areas annually, through continuous dialogue with our stakeholders and horizon-scanning for emerging sustainability topics. This process confirmed 
that our existing focus areas remained a priority in 2022.

Material focus areas

We have nine material focus 
areas grouped under three 
interconnected strategic 
priority pillars, each of which is 
detailed in this Report, along 
with relevant targets, goals 
and examples of sustainability 
in action.

3 
interconnected 
 priority pillars
9 
material 
focus areas

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

9

Sustainability overviewEquitable accessAffordability and pricingHealth system resilienceAmbition Zero CarbonProduct sustainabilityNatural resourcesEthical business cultureInclusion and diversityWorkforce safety and healthAccesstohealthcareEnvironmentalprotectionEthicsandtransparencySustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotes 
 
 
 
 
Access to 
healthcare

Health is key for people 
and our planet to thrive 

Our ambition

To promote prevention, increase access 
to life-saving treatments, and strengthen 
global healthcare resilience and 
sustainability

Connection to health

Innovative and sustainable healthcare 
solutions are essential to improving 
global health outcomes

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, 
a universal blueprint for prosperity for people 
and the planet, now and into the future.
SDG 3 | Good health and wellbeing
SDG 17 | Partnerships for the goals

2022 performance

>44.63 
million

people reached through access 
to healthcare programmes 
(cumulative)1

>12.83 
million

people reached though 
our patient assistance 
programmes (cumulative)2

126,684

healthcare workers 
trained (cumulative)3 

3,899

total healthcare 
facilities activated4

See Sustainability Data Summary 
for full metrics and methodology

Our material focus areas

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

10

Access to healthcareEquitable accessAffordability and pricingHealth system resilienceSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesAccess to healthcare overview

Access to 
healthcare 
overview

We want to transform 
healthcare to secure a 
future where all people 
have access to affordable, 
sustainable, and innovative 
healthcare.

The big picture 

Everyone should have access to 
healthcare, no matter who they are 
or where they live. This is critical  
across the patient care pathway – from 
prevention, early detection and diagnosis 
to the effective treatment of disease.

Approach

We are working to remove barriers 
to access and innovating to deliver our 
life-changing medicines in a sustainable 
and equitable way, through global, 
regional and local partnerships.

Central to this is our commitment 
to promoting prevention, increasing 
access to treatments, and strengthening 
global health system resilience and 
sustainability.

In 2022, the Access to Medicine 
Foundation recognised AstraZeneca 
as third overall out of the 20 companies 
on the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, 
and first for Product Delivery, with second 
place for Governance of Access and sixth 
for Research and Development, 
our highest ranking to date.

Material focus areas

We are focused on:

•  Innovating to deliver life-changing 
medicines and future-proof global 
health systems 

•  Partnering to improve health equity 
for patients now and in the long-term

•  Transforming healthcare to secure a 
future where all people have equitable 
access to treatment

Governance

We collaborate on our Access to 
healthcare material focus areas on a 
cross-functional basis to deliver our 
strategy and measure progress.

3rd

out of 20 companies 
on the 2022 Access 
to Medicine Index

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

11

Equitable accessAffordability and pricingHealth system resilienceSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEquitable access

Equitable access

Why it matters

Your health should not be determined by who you are, 
where you live or where you were born. We are working 
to remove barriers to healthcare and give everyone the 
chance to be as healthy as possible.

Description

Embed practices into the product portfolio to drive equitable access to healthcare – 
including digital health, clinical trial diversity, patient centricity, investing in rare diseases, 
open innovation, and Intellectual Property (IP) sharing arrangements.

Approach

Rare diseases 

Key targets and progress

AstraZeneca is committed to improving 
equitable access to healthcare for patients 
globally, including to our innovative 
product portfolio. Our approach 
includes integrating programmes into 
local systems and delivering affordable 
medicines to patients. We seek to drive 
positive global health outcomes by: 

•  Addressing unmet medical 
need and barriers to access 

•  Increasing the speed and 
breadth of patient access 
•  Driving excellence in product 

life cycle management 

•  Understanding the long-term 
impacts of scientific advances 

We are playing our part to address health 
inequities and eliminate discrimination 
from the delivery of healthcare. As a 
company at the forefront of scientific 
and medical innovation, we are also 
harnessing the latest digital technologies 
to support improved access. This includes 
using the power of data and analytics for 
early diagnosis, and expanding access to 
the latest medical research and training 
for healthcare professionals.

Diversity in clinical trials 

We are committed to designing clinical 
programmes with equity at the forefront 
– from idea inception to patient care. Our 
approach includes increasing the diversity 
of clinical trial participants so trials better 
reflect the patients who may use our 
medicines, which ensures we have a 
robust and reliable body of evidence.  

Therapies are only available for 5% 
of more than 7,000 rare diseases.5 
We believe people with rare diseases 
deserve the same attention and 
investment into finding therapies as 
anyone else. We supply medicines for 
rare diseases through our patient support 
and expanded access programmes and 
are working to expand the geographies 
where our rare disease medicines are 
available. 

Challenges

In every society, economic and 
supply barriers as well as geographic 
impediments inhibit universal access to 
high quality evidence-based healthcare. 
In developing countries there is an 
epidemiological shift from the prevalence 
of communicable to non-communicable 
diseases,6 but local healthcare provision 
varies in quality, and the systems may not 
be in place to tackle this growing burden. 
Programmes to control priority public 
health conditions also need to recognise 
the importance of the economic and 
social determinants of health. 

We have therefore aligned our access 
initiatives towards improving health equity 
by addressing two specific local needs: 

1. Creating holistic approaches 

to localisation, which includes 
collaboration with governments and 
utilising local expertise to identify 
and address shared priorities. 

2. Collaborating in cross-sector 

partnerships to improve health 
outcomes.

2025 target

2022 update

Reach 50 million people (cumulative) 
through Healthy Heart Africa, Young 
Health Programme (YHP), and Healthy 
Lung programme.

More than 44.63 million people reached 
(cumulative) through Healthy Heart Africa, 
Young Health Programme and Healthy 
Lung programme.1

Status: On plan

Philanthropy

2022 update

In 2022, 

$108.06m

Total community investment, 
sponsorships, partnerships and 
charitable donations (not including 
Patient Assistance Programmes).7

44.63 
million

people reached1

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

12

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEquitable access

Sustainability in action

Interconnected and 
dynamic global network 
of health innovation hubs 

Our A.Catalyst Network is comprised 
of more than 20 AstraZeneca health 
innovation hubs, combining physical 
locations and virtual partnerships. 
Our collective ambition is to:

•  Address current healthcare challenges
•  Increase affordable and equitable 

access to healthcare

•  Scale and showcase patient-enabled 
innovation through partnerships within 
the health ecosystem

The network embodies AstraZeneca’s 
commitment to advancing cutting-edge 
science and building a sustainable future, 
acting as a catalyst to develop life-
changing solutions for patients.

In 2022, we expanded the network by 
adding new hubs in Colombia, Peru and 
Spain. In 2022, over 2 million patients 
were reached across the A.Catalyst 
Network through innovative solutions.

Project Heart Beat, using India-
based Tricog Health’s InstaECG 
machine enabling local HCPs to upload 
electrocardiograms (ECGs) to the 
cloud, where the data are interpreted by 
specialists using a purpose-built app. 
If the screening process confirms the 
diagnosis of a heart attack, the patient 
is referred to an appropriate health 
facility. On average, detection using this 
technology takes just three minutes, and 
has helped doctors at poorly equipped 
primary healthcare centres to correctly 
diagnose 44,235 patients with a total of 
21,348 cases of myocardial infarction 
identified and referred to tertiary care 
centres for appropriate intervention by 
cardiologists.

Fuel Africa, a health innovation 
programme launched by Futurize in 
partnership with AstraZeneca and 
Microsoft, and co-funded by Bristol 
Myers Squibb and Famfa Oil, is making 
connections across African universities 
via a virtual, immersive programme and 
competition to create new healthcare 
solutions. Harnessing digital technology 
has helped to create one of the largest 
cross-university and international 
innovation programmes in Africa, turning 
students into entrepreneurs who are 
generating digital healthcare solutions. 
In 2022, we connected 1,200 students 
from 12 universities in seven African 
countries. 

Our A.Catalyst Network 
collective ambition 
is to address current 
healthcare challenges, 
increase affordable 
and equitable access to 
healthcare, and scale 
and showcase patient-
enabled innovation 
through partnerships.

Leading role in the response to COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the science behind vaccines and preventative 
medicines. We have delivered billions of doses of a COVID-19 vaccine to more than 
180 countries across the world and on an equitable basis, supplying our vaccine at 
cost during the pandemic. We were also the first manufacturer to join the COVAX 
facility working for equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines.

A modelled outcomes analysis conducted by health analytics firm Airfinity in July 2022, 
based on data from Imperial College, London, showed that the AstraZeneca COVID-19 
vaccine is estimated to have helped save over six million lives in the first year of 
vaccination.8

Supporting “last mile” communities in Kenya

In 2022, we launched an initiative in collaboration with the Kenya Ministry of Health, 
partnering with Amref Health Africa to deploy Mobile Vaccination Clinics (MVCs) to 
help protect hard-to-reach communities from the pandemic. The 10 MVCs will supply 
COVID-19 vaccines and other health services, increasing vaccine access and uptake, 
and providing education, screening, and care. 

By the end of 2022, six MVCs were ready for use and 10,700 people had been vaccinated 
since launch. The clinics are equipped with back-up solar power and solar-powered 
fridges, which reduces their environmental impact and maximises freedom of movement 
into the heart of communities. Data is reported through on-site web-enabled computers. 
The clinics will bolster health system infrastructure preparedness and resilience in 
Kenya, through the provision of services to those in need and in response to increasing 
prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs).

Improving access to digital solutions

In 2022, we joined the World Economic Forum’s EDISON Alliance, a public-private 
partnership that aims to improve the lives of 1 billion people through digital inclusion 
by 2025, with a focus on underserved communities. Our contribution to the 1 Billion 
Lives Challenge comes from the A.Catalyst Network flagship project in partnership with 
Qure.ai. We have committed to screen 5 million patients for lung cancer using AI-based 
technology, and we have analysed approximately 128,000 scans for lung cancer risk 
across 25 countries, with high malignancy risk lung nodules identified in 1.6% of scans 
(as at end December 2022).

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

13

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesAffordability and pricing

Approach 

Patient access programmes  

Progress highlights

There are four key principles that drive 
sustainable affordability: 
•  Sustainability: of both the healthcare 
system and our research-led business 
model

•  Value: reflects the clinical benefit of 
our medicines to patients, and the 
broader impact on society, along with 
the positive economic impact to the 
healthcare system by reducing the 
need for additional medical intervention 

•  Access: collaboration with payers 

and providers on solutions to enable 
sustainable access to our medicines 

•  Flexibility: in pricing to reflect 

variation in health system needs 
and ability to pay

Value-based agreements: 
across multiple therapy 
areas 

Value-based agreements enable patient 
access while reducing uncertainty of 
payers (clinical or economic) by linking 
access, reimbursement, or price, to 
real-world clinical benefit or other 
agreed terms. 

AstraZeneca works closely with 
governments to create agreements, 
based on local real-world data, and 
which are tailored to address unmet 
needs. 

•  Patient assistance programmes 

use fully donated product without 
expectation of payment from the 
patient for any portion or to access 
the programme. Our largest Patient 
Assistance Programme is AZ&Me in 
the United States, which provides 
eligible patients with AstraZeneca 
medicines free of charge

•  Patient affordability programmes aim 
to close the gap in the ability to pay 
for out-of-pocket patients (paying for 
their own medicines) and are active in 
more than 20 low- and middle-income 
countries (LMICs)9 

Challenges 

As a global company with an active 
presence in some 85 countries and 
product sales in approximately 130 
countries in 2022, most of our key 
markets have experienced challenges 
which affect our flexibility to offer 
discounts and other affordability 
initiatives. These include pricing controls, 
reimbursement mechanisms and cost-
containment measures, plus a high 
frequency of regulatory changes.

We continue to expect downward 
pressure on prices, affecting the 
profitability levels of our medicines in 
various markets. In addition, supply 
chain complexity increases costs, and 
the economic downturn is adversely 
affecting ability to pay (where applicable).

There are also obstacles such as rising 
prices for new medicines; shortages and 
stock-outs, especially to treat NCDs, 
and a growing problem of counterfeit 
medicines entering the supply chain.  

Affordability 
and pricing

Why it matters

We are committed to addressing barriers to access and 
affordability. Industry, policymakers, and payers need to 
work together to identify solutions. Through collaborations, 
partnerships, and stakeholder coalitions we are working 
to ensure essential and innovative medicines become 
more widely available. 

Our tailored access strategies were recognised by the 
2022 Access to Medicine Index as industry-leading 
in the Product Delivery category.

Description

Drive accessibility of medicines for diverse, equitable, and inclusive patient groups, 
through company policy and programming, including core pricing principles and 
access programmes.

2022 update

1,107 

non-profit organisations

$3,100.2 
million 

in product donation

funded by AstraZeneca.10

through patient assistance programmes.11

Global patient 
affordability programmes 
reached more than 
1.27 million 
patients

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

14

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesAffordability and pricing

Sustainability in action

Access to innovative 
therapies for lung cancer

The focus of this programme was a 
targeted therapy for lung cancer, with the 
objective to optimise access in LMICs9 
through an access-driven reimbursement 
programme.

It is based on five core elements: 

•  Revisiting the pricing approach to 

apply a “right pricing model” based 
on gross price, net price, and tiered 
pricing

•  Engaging HCPs – through education, 
resources, outreach, engagement

•  Shaping policy to prioritise support 

for oncology funding

•  Supporting healthcare systems – 
testing, diagnosis, tumour group 
establishment, clinics, cold chain 
support, infusion on site or at home

•  Strengthening marketing company 
capabilities – local commitments to 
cross-functional planning, pricing and 
access strategy

The initiative has initially been 
implemented in five markets: Egypt, 
India, Malaysia, Mexico and Vietnam. 
Collaborating with the International 
Market Access team each market 
has identified local needs, including 
diagnostics, patient support 
programmes, resourcing, and capability 
assessment. It will reach more than 
10,000 additional patients in the next 
five years in international markets.

PUMUA programme expansion

Our PUMUA “Breathe” initiative makes low-cost, high-quality respiratory medicines 
available at a significant discount in selected countries in Africa. The programme also 
makes respiratory equipment for asthma management available in all participating 
countries. Building on the 800 nebulisation stations activated in 2021 in Kenya, Ghana, 
Côte d’Ivoire, Ethiopia, and Senegal, in 2022 an additional 123 nebulisation stations were 
activated in Côte d’Ivoire, Senegal and Cameroon. The programme also established 
Centres of Excellence (COEs) for asthma care, starting in Kenyatta National Hospital, 
Kenya. In total, 20 COEs were established in Kenya in 2022, for medical and scientific 
education, patient experience mapping and support. 

Making genetic testing for ovarian cancer affordable  

In 2021 we entered into a partnership with diagnostics company AmoyDx to make genetic 
testing for ovarian cancer more affordable, in order to improve access to testing which 
identifies homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), a biomarker for cancer. By the 
end of 2022, we had installed a total of 14 AmoyDX labs for HRD testing in LMICs9 across 
our International Commercial region, which together tested 6,220 patients by year end, 
in addition to 3,915 tested in 2021. 805 patients were enrolled in the HALO study, to 
determine the prevalence of HRD in women with newly diagnosed ovarian cancer, with 
a positivity rate of 48-50%, thereby identifying more patients that could benefit from 
innovative therapies. 57 sites were part of the initial study and results are expected in 
mid-2023.

“Nesmet Hawa” – a breath of air for children in Egypt

In order to address a gap in home-based care for children with asthma in Egypt, we 
partnered with Medel, a medical devices company and the Paediatric Association 
for Asthma and Nutrition, to launch an initiative to provide access to nebulisers at a 
significant discount and support affordable access to treatment for asthma. Medel 
reduced the price of the nebulisers by 50% and AstraZeneca contributed a further 20%, 
bringing the total discount to 70%. The programme was launched in March 2021 and by 
the end of October 2022 had reached 15,000 patients. Awareness of the programme was 
supported by a campaign launched on digital and media channels.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

15

Launch of Global Patient 
Affordability Programmes 
Dashboard

In 2022, with demand increasing for 
preventative and therapeutic healthcare, 
we took action to ensure an affordability 
mindset was embedded alongside our 
business goals. We created an internal 
Global Patient Affordability Programmes 
Dashboard, based on reliable, consistent 
data, that can easily be viewed at global, 
regional, and country levels. We also 
generated a bank of success stories 
to show the range of initiatives being 
undertaken. The Dashboard enables us 
to standardise our approach and provide 

guidance to expand our affordability 
programmes, in new countries or disease 
areas, while learning from best practice 
sharing. 

To ensure consistency across the 
company we aligned on the key 
performance indicators and definitions. 
We now have a view across markets 
running similar programmes, enabling 
insights into the performance of different 
initiatives. This has raised the standard 
of internal reporting which provides us 
with valuable data to share internally and 
externally. In 2022, we tracked 158 active 
programmes across 26 countries, mainly 
but not exclusively in LMICs,9 reaching 
more than 1.27 million patients.  

We now have a view 
across markets running 
similar programmes, 
enabling insights into 
the performance of 
different initiatives. This 
has raised the standard 
of internal reporting 
which provides us with 
valuable data.

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesHealth system resilience

Health system 
resilience

Why it matters

During the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw the need for 
health systems to adapt to ever-changing societal and 
economic circumstances to cope with shocks and crisis 
situations. All while continuing to provide services and 
deliver improved health outcomes, particularly in LMICs.9

Description

Strengthen health systems by advocating for health system reform and policy; building 
capabilities to address unmet medical need, improve access to quality healthcare and 
provide solutions along a continuum of care – from prevention, awareness, diagnosis, 
and treatment to post-treatment and wellness; and committing to disaster relief, grants, 
and donations.

Approach 

Sustainable healthcare for all requires 
investment in strengthening health 
systems, to deliver an infrastructure 
designed to be responsive to the needs 
of the population it serves. Each of our 
Access to healthcare focus areas aims to 
contribute to health system resilience. We 
are investing in ground-breaking global 
collaborations, company initiatives, local 
partnerships and fast-tracked innovation 
to give access to higher quality 
healthcare for more people worldwide.

Specific activities include:  

•  Improving preparedness for future 

shocks and enhancing international 
coordination on key processes such 
as scenario planning, response 
protocols and reserve capacities 

•  Optimising the location and focus 
of patient care through digital 
technologies 

•  Addressing the social, economic, and 
ecological costs of disease through 
targeted prevention measures 

•  Improving the effectiveness of care 

for chronic diseases through defining, 
implementing, and monitoring 
improved quality of care standards 

•  Working with stakeholders on 

multi-sector prevention and control 
measures that are optimised to 
address risk factors and local 
challenges, while leveraging our 
experience in health programming 

We aim to build the capabilities of 
healthcare systems to best respond 
to patient needs by: 

•  Ensuring programming is locally and 

culturally appropriate 

•  Using our global footprint to scale 
partnerships and collaborations

•  Establishing mechanisms for 

collaboration with our partners, for 
example through joint coordination, 
planning, follow up and agreement to 
a set of core indicators for monitoring 
and evaluation   

Key targets and progress

2025 target

2022 update

More than 126,600 healthcare workers 
trained (cumulative).3

Train 170,000 healthcare workers 
(cumulative) to strengthen health 
systems throughout the world through 
our Healthy Heart Africa and Healthy 
Lung programmes.

Status: On plan

Challenges 

Health facilities activated

The shifting burden of disease, financial 
and geopolitical crises and the frequency 
of extreme weather events, all put 
pressure on health systems. These may 
range from national or local disruptions to 
pandemics with substantial global impact 
such as COVID-19 and the recent Ebola 
outbreaks. 

Increasing the capacity of health systems 
to respond more quickly and effectively 
to new challenges may increase health 
system resilience. 

We work across the company to develop 
an innovative product portfolio that drives 
positive global health outcomes, and 
devise access programmes that focus 
on strengthening healthcare systems 
through training of healthcare providers. 
With this approach we respond to the 
need for medicines and treatments, 
while also supporting longer-term health 
system resilience.

2022 update

1,258

healthcare 
facilities
(cumulative)

were activated through our 
Healthy Heart Africa programme.4

>260,000 

young people trained 
as peer educators in 39 
countries through Young 
Health Programme12

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

16

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotes 
Health system resilience

Sustainability in action

Partnership for Health System 
Sustainability and Resilience (PHSSR)

Healthy Heart Africa (HHA) 
programme

This collaboration between the London School of 
Economics, the World Economic Forum and AstraZeneca 
continued its work to strengthen global health systems, 
now active in over 30 countries worldwide. Joined by 
other global level partners including Philips, KPMG, WHO 
Foundation and the Center for Asia-Pacific Resilience 
and Innovation, the PHSSR continues to expand and act 
as the driver for policy improvements in the countries 
where it is active. During 2022, the partnership’s in-depth 
health system research progressed in 13 new Phase 
2 countries, and main findings were presented at the 
PHSSR Global Summit in November 2022, covering 
key themes from workforce and health service delivery, 
finance and governance, to the role of technology in 
strengthening health systems. These latest findings 
highlight the importance of prioritising prevention and 
early intervention in NCDs, as well as climate change, 
to strengthen the resilience and sustainability of health 
systems.

Our HHA programme is committed to reducing 
hypertension and the burden of cardiovascular disease, 
aiming to reach 10 million people with elevated blood 
pressure across Africa by 2025. We work with local and 
global partners to raise awareness and offer training, 
screening, and reduced cost treatment, where applicable. 
By the end of 2022, the programme had conducted more 
than 32 million blood pressure screenings and trained 
over 10,600 healthcare workers since launch in 2014. 
In 2022, the programme expanded into Nigeria and 
entered into a new partnership in Zanzibar. In December, 
it was announced that the programme will expand into 
10 more countries, starting in 2023. The 2022 Access to 
Medicine Index recognised the programme as an industry 
Best Practice in the category “Scaling up inclusive 
business models to expand access to medicines for non-
communicable diseases”. 

ACT for Cancer Care

In March 2022, we launched Accelerating Change 
Together (ACT) for Cancer Care, a new coalition which 
seeks to drive equitable access to innovative treatments 
and screening programmes to detect cancer earlier. In 
November 2022, we launched Cancer Care Africa under 
the ACT initiative (ACT; CCA), to address the burden of 
disease across the continent. Over the next three years, 
ACT; CCA aims to drive screening and diagnostics 
covering one million people across cancer types, and 
to provide training for more than 10,000 healthcare 
professionals across 100 oncology centres.

Latest PHSSR findings highlight 
the importance of prioritising 
prevention and early intervention 
to strengthen the resilience and 
sustainability of health systems.

Lung Cancer Policy Network launch 

In 2022, the Lung Ambition Alliance, of which AstraZeneca is a founding member, 
established the Lung Cancer Policy Network, an initiative aimed at elevating lung cancer 
as a policy priority worldwide, which launched with a report and an interactive map. The 
report, ‘Lung cancer screening: learning from implementation’, draws on expertise and 
experience from local lung cancer screening programmes around the world to outline 
how specific challenges have been addressed in practice, with the aim of providing useful 
guidance for implementation elsewhere.

The interactive map, designed to facilitate policy-level discussions, collates research 
conducted globally on the implementation of non-invasive low dose computed 
tomography (LDCT) screening – which is more precise and uses less radiation than 
a conventional CT scan – enabling users to explore case studies that can inform and 
promote LDCT implementation in new locations. The map also allows users to compare 
simple country-level indicators to help build an understanding of the current policy 
contexts for the early detection of lung cancer. 

Young Health Programme (YHP)

Since 2010, AstraZeneca’s YHP has empowered young people aged 10 to 24 to make 
informed choices about their health, to reduce the risk factors that contribute to NCDs 
such as cancer, diabetes, respiratory and heart disease. In collaboration with our partners 
around the world, including UNICEF and Plan International, the YHP supports research, 
advocacy, education and the development of young people. By the end of December 
2022, the programme had reached over nine million young people with health information 
and trained more than 260,000 young people as peer educators in 39 countries. In 
2022, through our partnership with UNICEF, eight policies and laws have been adopted, 
updated or upheld in six countries to be more protective of adolescent health.

Girls Belong Here

To further our commitment to gender and health equity, our YHP awarded $160,000 
in grants to 16 small, women-led non-profit organisations working to improve young 
people’s health in their communities. We also welcomed over 580 young women from 
41 countries into our offices around the world during International Day of the Girl, in 
collaboration with Plan International, to deepen the awareness of issues perpetuating 
gender and health inequalities and to provide unique leadership opportunities. Young 
women stepped into senior leadership positions for a day, shared their views and 
engaged in discussions on important health and sustainability topics, with many 
receiving ongoing mentorships and coaching from our employees.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

17

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEnvironmental 
protection

The health of the 
planet impacts all life

Our ambition

Accelerating the delivery of net-zero healthcare, 
proactively managing our environmental impact 
across all activities, and investing in nature and 
biodiversity

Connection to health

Supporting a healthy environment improves 
health outcomes and helps prevent the onset of 
certain diseases likely to become more prevalent 
in a changing climate 

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, 
a universal blueprint for prosperity for people 
and the planet, now and into the future.
SDG 6 | Clean water and sanitation
SDG 7 | Affordable and clean energy
SDG 12 | Responsible consumption and production
SDG 13 | Climate action
SDG 15 | Life on land
SDG 17 | Partnerships for the goals

2022 performance

>10.5 
million

trees planted in Australia, 
Indonesia, Ghana, US 
and the UK since 2020 

97.5%

of paper-based product 
packaging materials 
used were supplied from 
sustainable sources 
achieving the 2022 target1

750+

material suppliers with a 
critical role in patient supply 
screened to understand 
climate vulnerability in the 
upstream value chain for 10 
selected medicines

480+

suppliers partnered with to 
assess and disclose their 
greenhouse gas emissions 
to the CDP Supply Chain 
programme 

See Sustainability Data Summary 
for full metrics and methodology

Our material focus areas

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 
AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

18
18

Environmental protectionAmbition Zero CarbonProduct sustainabilityNatural resourcesSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEnvironmental protection overview

Environmental 
protection 
overview

Beyond the benefits of our 
medicines to patients, our 
contribution to society must 
respect our environment 
and ensure the sustainable 
use of the planet’s finite 
natural resources. We know 
that a healthy environment 
is critical for human health.  

The big picture 

Climate change and the degradation of 
ecosystems are already impacting human 
health and undermining the capacity of 
health systems. Bold climate action and 
investments in nature and biodiversity 
are vital to improve health outcomes. The 
environmental challenge is multifaceted 
– a systems-level approach is needed to 
deliver better healthcare outcomes with a 
lower environmental footprint.

There is increasing focus on the 
environmental footprint of goods and 
services and companies are under 
greater environmental scrutiny, reinforcing 
the need to have robust scientific 
evidence underpinning environmental 
targets and performance.

Approach

At AstraZeneca, we manage our 
Environmental Protection material 
focus areas in an integrated way. 
Sustainable product design, sourcing, 
and manufacturing means lower natural 
resource use, reduced chemical and 
water demand, and less waste and 
pollution, as well as a lower carbon 
footprint.

We are using a science-led approach to 
lower the economic and environmental 

burden of healthcare, while improving 
health outcomes. To achieve this, we 
are accelerating the delivery of net-
zero healthcare, proactively managing 
our environmental impact across all 
activities, and investing in nature and 
biodiversity. We are demonstrating 
that business growth can be achieved 
while reducing environmental impacts; 
but there is more to do. By investing 
in new ways of working and through 
innovative partnerships, we can maximise 
the efficiency of how we use natural 
resources to further reduce our footprint. 

Through our Ambition Zero Carbon 
strategy, we are pursuing ambitious 
decarbonisation targets, accelerating our 
progress towards net-zero, and managing 
the risks and opportunities presented by 
climate change. 

Governance

In addition to our general approach to 
governance, our executive-led Ambition 
Zero Carbon Governance Group is 
accountable for the delivery of Ambition 
Zero Carbon. In 2022, this high-level 
group included our CEO, CFO, the EVP, 
Sustainability and Chief Compliance 
Officer, and the EVP, Operations and IT. 

Since 2021, delivery of Ambition Zero 
Carbon Scope 1 and 2 commitments has 
been included in our executive incentive 
arrangements for the Performance Share 
Plan (PSP), with a weighting of 10%. 

Environmental 
Management System 

The guide for our Environmental 
Management System is embedded in 
our Code of Ethics supported by 
our Safety, Health, and Environment 
(SHE) policy standard. 

Our SHE management system is 
implemented in line with recognised 
international standards such as ISO 
14001 and 50001. It ensures the 
environmental risks of our activities are 
assessed, operational controls are in 
place, checks are completed through a 
risk-based audit programme led by an 
independent organisation and there is 
an annual management review process.

Natural Resource 
Efficiency Investment

To drive our climate action initiatives and 
meet our environmental targets, we have 
a dedicated Natural Resource Efficiency 
Fund, which has invested approximately 
$150 million in environmental efficiency 
innovations since 2015. This, together 
with other central capital investments, 
has seen a further $26.6 million spent2 
in 2022, including 31 new projects.

Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)

A TCFD steering group with cross-
functional membership has oversight of 
the physical and transitional risks and 
opportunities posed to AstraZeneca by 
climate change. The identification and 
assessment of climate risk forms part of 
our existing risk management processes. 
‘Failure to meet regulatory and ethical 
expectations on environmental impact, 
including climate change’ is a component 
of the Group’s risk landscape but is not 
currently considered to be a Principal 
Risk for the Group. We are incorporating 
climate resilience across our operations 
and value chain, mitigating the risks, 
and exploring the opportunities that 
the transition to a low carbon economy 
presents to the healthcare sector.

Material focus areas

~$150m 
invested by the Natural 
Resource Efficiency 
Fund in environmental 
efficiency innovations 
since 2015

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

19

Ambition Zero CarbonProduct sustainabilityNatural resourcesSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesAmbition Zero Carbon

Ambition 
Zero Carbon

Why it matters

Climate change is increasing levels of ill-health, including a 
rise in chronic conditions such as heart disease, stroke, lung 
cancer and respiratory diseases. We are working to deliver 
net-zero healthcare, acknowledging that approximately 5% of 
global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are emitted from the 
healthcare sector.3

Description

•  Achieve net-zero by avoiding GHG emissions through our facility and product design, 
maximising our energy efficiency, shifting to renewable energy sources, transitioning to 
an electric vehicle (EV) fleet, and investing in nature-based removals to compensate for 
any residual GHG footprint.

•  Build resilience by managing the physical (sites, supply chain) and transitional 
(regulatory, market and product) risks and opportunities arising from climate 
change in the value chain through adaptation and business continuity planning.

Approach

We follow the science and focus 
our activities on delivering absolute 
reductions in all our direct and indirect 
GHG emissions sources across the 
value chain – Scopes 1, 2 and 3.

Through Ambition Zero Carbon, we are 
on track to reduce GHG emissions from 
our global operations (Scope 1 and 2) 
by 98% by 2026 from a 2015 baseline. 
We were one of the first seven companies 
to have our net-zero Scope 1-3 targets 
verified under the Science-Based Targets 
Initiative's Net-Zero Corporate Standard. 

We were the first pharmaceutical 
company to sign up to all three of the 
following Climate Group initiatives: 
by the end of 2025 we will reduce 
absolute energy use and double energy 
productivity compared with 2015 (EP100); 
we will use 100% renewable energy for 
electricity (RE100) and heat; and we will 
maximise our transition to EVs in our road 
fleet (EV100). 

We aim to halve our entire value chain 
footprint by 2030, on the way to a 90% 
reduction by 2045 from a 2019 baseline. 
By 2030 we will become carbon negative 
for all residual emissions. 

We are engaging across our entire value 
chain to measure and reduce our Scope 
3 emissions. We have set the goal that 
by the end of 2025, 95% of our spend in 
Scope 3 Categories 1 (purchased goods 
and services) and 2 (capital goods), and 
50% of our spend in Scope 3 categories 
4 (upstream transportation) and 6 
(business travel) will be with companies 
that have science-based targets (SBTs) 
to limit global warming to <1.5C.

We will launch our first next-generation 
respiratory inhalers with near-zero climate 
impact by 2025.

To address current supply, access and 
infrastructure constraints (see Challenges 
below), in 2022 we have increased our 
focus on energy efficiency and on-site 
renewables, strengthened internal energy 
reduction targets and in 2022 invested 
$26.6 million2 through our Natural 
Resource Efficiency Fund together with 
other central capital investments.

Key targets and progress

2026 target

2022 update

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions by 98% from 
2015 base year.  

Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
by 59.3% since 2015, a reduction of 383 
kilotonnes CO2e.  

Challenges

Status: On plan

Variations in supplier maturity on climate 
issues create challenges in aligning 
our expectations of suppliers. Working 
towards an increased understanding is 
resource-intensive and creates further 
challenge for the scale-up to a significant 
proportion of the supply chain. 

Access to renewable sources of heat will 
continue to be a challenge, exacerbated in 
2022 by the energy crisis and a slowdown 
in supply of relevant goods. The EV 
transition is being impeded – and even 
prevented in some markets – by a lack 
of vehicles, EV infrastructure and supply 
chain issues. This situation is expected to 
continue for the medium-term.

From 2022, and for the foreseeable future 
we are not able to purchase renewable 
electricity certificates for our operations in 
Russia, leading to an increase in reported 
Scope 2 emissions. 

The potential changes to GHG 
accounting rules for market instruments 
in the World Resources Institute's GHG 
Protocol Corporate Standard create 
significant uncertainty at a time when 
we are making long-term investment 
decisions, for example on biomethane 
production facilities. We continue to 
engage with the consultation processes.

2030 and 2045 target

2022 update

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG 
emissions by 50% by 2030 and 90% 
by 2045, from a 2019 base year.   

Status: On plan

Total Scope 3 increased by 8.6% from 
a 2019 baseline and Scope 3 intensity 
reduced by 28.1%. Significant increase 
in use of primary data and suppliers 
setting SBTs will support future absolute 
emissions reductions towards 2030 target.

Our 2022 
Scope 1 and 2 
emissions are 
59.3% 
below our 2015 
baseline, on 
track to achieve 
our targets

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

20

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesAmbition Zero Carbon

Ambition Zero Carbon

We will follow the science and deliver absolute reductions in all our direct and indirect sources, of greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), doing our part to limit the impacts of climate change 
while unlocking opportunities to deliver improved healthcare in a low carbon economy.

We follow a hierarchy to achieve our ambitions

 Eliminate    

Reduce    

 Substitute    

 Compensate

       SBTi Verified

Scope 1 & 2 reduction targets 
are measured from a 2015 base 
year. Scope 3 reduction targets 
measured from 2019 base year

Scope 1 & 2

Emissions from our own 
operations (site and fleet)

Target baseline emissions (2015): 
647 ktCO2e

2015 baseline emissions (ktCO2e)

Fleet

Heat

Electricity

F-gases & Other 
(100 year GWP)

93

202

315

38

Scope 3

All other indirect emissions that 
occur in our value chain

Target baseline emissions (2019): 
5,884 ktCO2e

2019 baseline emissions (ktCO2e)

Purchased goods & services 
and Capital goods

Fuel and energy-related

Upstream transportation/distribution

Waste treated off-site

Business travel 

Upstream leased assets

Use of sold products

End of life treatment of sold products

Other: Employee commuting; 
Downstream transportation/distribution; 
Downstream leased assets

3,942

83

248

21

327

42

1,013

21

187

ACHIEVED

2025 INITIATIVES

59.3% reduction in GHG since 2015

Road fleet decarbonisation strategy delivered

10% EV; 63% green fleet 
(EV, hybrid or plug-in hybrid); 
first market to 100% EV

$150m invested in natural resource 
efficiency projects since 2015

99% imported renewable electricity 
globally since 2021

Initiate F-gas management 
programme

100% renewable energy with over half from 
new-to-grid sources

Energy consumption reduced by 10% 
and energy productivity doubled

 Substitute F-gases for low global 
warming poential (GWP) alternatives

Substitute natural gas consumption with 
renewable sources of heat and power

Reduce and capture F-gas 
emissions from production 
of respiratory medicines

2026 TARGET

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions by 98% by 2026

Eliminate future emissions sources from new assets 
and integrate acquisitions into Ambition Zero Carbon

Compensate for any residual Scope 1 
and 2 emissions through high quality 
removals using Bioenergy with carbon 
capture and storage (BECCS)

Compensate for any residual Scope 
1 and 2 emissions through high quality 
nature based solutions as part of our 
2030 carbon negative value chain 
programme

e
n

i
l

e
s
a
B
2
&
1
e
p
o
c
S

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022
2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

2045

e
n

i
l

e
s
a
B
3
e
p
o
c
S

ACHIEVED

SBTi verified targets to Net-Zero 
Corporate Standard

12% of supplier spend in purchased 
goods and services has SBTs

Supplier engagement to measure 
and report GHG footprint and access 
renewable electricity through the Energize 
programme

Freight transition from air to sea and rail 
reaches 74% by tonne.km

Business air travel emissions 53% below 
baseline

Launched the Product Sustainability Index 
and announced Honeywell partnership for 
low GWP propellants

Share of primary data in Scope 3 reporting 
increased to 38%

2025 TARGETS

SBTs covering

95% of suppliers by spend, 
covering purchased good and 
services and capital goods

50% of suppliers by spend 
covering transportation, 
distribution and business travel

Launch our first next-generation 
inhaler with low or near-zero 
GWP propellants by 2025

Transition to 
next-generation 
inhalers across 
our portfolio   

2030 TARGET

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 
50% by 2030

46% GHG reduction in purchased 
goods and services

46% GHG reduction in upstream 
transportation and business 
travel

80% GHG reduction in fuel 
and energy-related activities, 
upstream leased assets

Footprint from patient use of sold 
products (e.g. inhalers) reduced 
by 95%; end of life treatment of 
sold products reduced by 46%

2045 TARGETS

Reduce absolute Scope 3 
GHG emissions by 90% by 
2045 from a 2019 base year

Science-based net zero

Continue to decarbonise the 
full value chain of our business 
in line with the 1.5C pathway

Invest in nature-based removals 

Remove more CO2e from the atmosphere than 
we emit from 2030, to be carbon negative 

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

21

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ambition Zero Carbon

Sustainability in action

Delivering on our renewable 
energy strategy 

In 2022, we invested $26.6 million in energy efficiency 
and on-site renewable energy through our dedicated 
Natural Resource Efficiency Fund together with other 
central capital investments. We have achieved a 14.4% 
absolute reduction in total energy consumption from 
our 2015 baseline and we are committed to using 100% 
renewable energy sources to meet all our needs by the 
end of 2025. In 2021, we started work to look at how 
we can maximise the positive impact of our renewable 
energy procurement and in 2022 identified three focus 
areas for development to align with our ambition to lead 
in sustainability:

1. Additionality – investments and energy purchase 

agreements deliver on-site or new-to-grid renewable 
energy capacity. We are aiming for over half of our 
renewable energy globally to come from new sources.

2. Geographic relevance – energy purchase agreements 

deliver real world GHG emissions reductions by 
displacing fossil energy sources in the grid systems 
where we consume that energy.

3. Temporal relevance – energy attribute certificates 
(EACs) that are tagged with the time and date of 
generation can improve the utilisation of renewable 
energy sources and deliver real world GHG emissions 
reductions. We are aiming to better understand and 
improve the alignment between when our energy is 
generated and consumed.

Clean power 

Clean heat 

In 2021, we transitioned to 100% imported electricity 
from certified renewable sources through purchasing 
certificates from the same country, and same year, as our 
consumption. As we were unable to purchase renewable 
electricity certificates for Russia in 2022, this reduced to 
99%. In 2022, we joined the Eurelectric-led 24/7 taskforce 
to learn about measuring and improving the temporal 
relevance of our energy procurement. We recognise the 
many benefits of self-generated renewables to site energy 
costs, resilience, temporal relevance and employee 
engagement, and have committed $23.1 million over 
2022-2024 to on-site solar photovoltaic (PV) installations 
at ten sites in eight countries.

Once operational, the total output from all our on-site 
solar PV will be 27 GWh of electricity, equivalent to 
over 3% of our global electricity use. There is a limit to 
the scale that can be achieved through on-site solar 
PV, and so to deliver additional renewables with good 
geographic and temporal relevance, we are aiming to 
meet the majority of our electricity needs in our primary 
consumption locations – Sweden, UK and US – through 
new power purchase agreements (PPAs) in the grids 
where we operate.

Access to certified low and zero carbon fuels and 
imported heating and cooling sources globally is very 
limited. We are striving to develop new sustainable 
sources in order to achieve our Ambition Zero Carbon 
targets. Our approach to each of our locations 
prioritises demand reduction in the first instance and 
the assessment of electrification options, such as 
heat pumps and electric boilers, while also looking at 
substitution of fossil fuels, mostly gas, with sustainable 
alternative fuels and a preference for innovative and new 
to grid solutions.

Building on a UK partnership for biomethane that was 
signed with Future Biogas in 2021, in 2022 we have 
focused on developing a solution for our US sites that 
are collectively our largest consuming market for fossil 
gas globally. We are investing in energy efficiency and 
some selective electrification to reduce our gas demand, 
while working on a collaboration opportunity for the 
production and supply of renewable natural gas (RNG) 
or biomethane. 

4. Data: We are working to build 

transparent supply chains by asking 
our partners to assess and disclose 
their GHG emissions to the CDP 
Supply Chain Programme, with 480 
suppliers (58% of in-scope spend).

Through the SMI we 
are partnering across 
the healthcare sector to 
accelerate the delivery of 
net-zero health systems, 
including through 
decarbonising supply 
chains and patient care 
pathways.

Value chain collaboration

1. SMI: Through the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative Health Systems Task Force, 
convened by AstraZeneca CEO Pascal 
Soriot, we are partnering across the 
healthcare sector to accelerate the 
delivery of net-zero health systems, 
including through decarbonising 
supply chains and patient care 
pathways. At COP27 in Egypt, we 
launched sector-first commitments and 
actions to decarbonise supply chains, 
patient care pathways and leverage 
digital innovation.

2. Suppliers: In 2021, we joined the 
launch of Energize, a collaboration 
between Schneider Electric and 10 
global pharmaceutical companies to 
facilitate access to renewable power at 
scale for our suppliers. Since launch, 
the Energize collaboration has grown 
to 16 sponsoring companies and 
formed its first PPA buyers’ cohort. So 
far, over 210 AstraZeneca suppliers 
registered with the programme and 
54% undertook Scope 3 training.

3. Products: We are tackling 15% 
of our Scope 3 footprint through 
product innovation.

Puerto Rico solar PV and batteries delivering clean energy 
and climate resilience

This project, operational in 2022, included a $3.2 million investment in 2021 in a 
solar field with battery energy storage at our iPR Pharmaceuticals AZ Puerto Rico 
manufacturing site. Coupled with a combined heat and power plant installed in 2018, 
the energy infrastructure reduces GHG emissions and imported energy needs and 
increases site resilience to hurricanes that are becoming stronger due to climate change.  

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

22

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesProduct sustainability

Product 
sustainability

Why it matters

People and the planet benefit from those medicines which 
have the smallest possible environmental impact, yet 
maintain the highest medical efficacy and safety standards. 
As technologies and healthcare systems evolve, so should 
solutions to reduce energy, water, material use, waste and 
pollution generated from designing, manufacturing and 
delivering medicines to patients. 

Description

Follow processes throughout the life cycle of our products with the aim of understanding 
and addressing their environmental impact; from discovery through development and 
production, to launch of a new product and to end of product life. 

Approach

To deliver medicines that improve 
patient outcomes and minimise the 
burden on the planet, we evaluate and 
aim to address the environmental impact 
of materials and processes across the 
entire product value chain. 

We have implemented an internal 
Product Sustainability Index (PSI) to 
understand the environmental impacts 
of our products and inform improvement 
plans. We also lead our industry in 
the management of Pharmaceuticals 
in the Environment (PIE) and promote 
responsible product stewardship. 

Sustainable decision-making and 
environmental improvements are 
embedded across the product life 
cycle: 

•  Integrated business processes 
to ensure safety, health and 
environmental aspects are considered 
throughout drug development, 
with guidance on environmental 
assessment of active pharmaceutical 
ingredient (API) manufacturing, 
formulation, packaging and devices

•  Targets for API manufacturing 

emissions from both AstraZeneca 
and our external supply sites

•  We conduct, fund and support 
research on the environmental 
impact of our products and apply 
the principles of green chemistry 
in our business

•  Our life cycle assessment (LCA) 

programme determines the type and 
magnitude of environmental impacts 
across our product value chains and 
is in line with ISO standards 14040 
and 14044 

•  In 2022 we completed our first 
LCA studies within the Rare 
Disease Therapy Area, as part of the 
integration of Alexion into our Product 
Sustainability programmes

•  In 2021, we were the first company 
to launch an Ecopharmacovigilance 
(EPV) dashboard. This shares data on 
the relative risks of APIs where traces 
have been detected in the environment 
as an unintended, but inevitable, 
consequence of patients using our 
life-changing medicines. The data are 
made transparent in the Environmental 
Risk Assessment documents on our 
website

Challenges

Emerging sustainability policies: Several 
essential medicines for respiratory 
diseases including pressurised metered-
dose inhalers (pMDIs) rely on fluorinated 
gases (F-gases) as propellants. 
Governments are drafting legislation to 
phase out F-gas usage. AstraZeneca 
supports the goal of net-zero targets 
recognising the significant positive 
impact it could have on climate and 
health. It is critical, however, that any 
climate legislation evolves to avoid the 
risk of limiting access to life-saving 
inhaled medicines and thus, to protect 
both people and the planet.

As part of the European 
Commission's pollution reduction 
strategy, updates and changes 
to pharmaceutical and chemicals 
regulations could influence the way 
medicines are manufactured and 
approved in future. Monitoring these 
regulatory risks and proactively managing 
the chemicals used in our processes will 
help minimise the impact on supply of 
medicines to patients.

Key targets and progress

2025 target

2022 update

Ensure 90% of total syntheses meet 
resource efficiency targets at launch.4

Status: Lagging

Since 2015, 67% of projects (six of nine) 
have met defined resource efficiency targets 
at launch. In 2022, we have integrated 
data from our monoclonal antibody (mAb) 
products for the first time, but one mAb 
product launched in 2022 narrowly missed 
the target. Although there were no in-scope 
small molecule API products launched, we 
achieved a process mass intensity (PMI) 
reduction of 23% across the late stage 
project portfolio.

2022 target

2022 update

Ensure 100% of AstraZeneca site 
discharges and ≥90% of supplier site 
discharges are in compliance with 
safe API discharge concentrations.

100% of API discharges from AstraZeneca 
sites and 92% of discharges from direct 
suppliers were in compliance.5

Status: On plan

We follow a life cycle approach 
that covers all stages of our 
products

API production 
and formulation

Disposal 
(end-of-life 
or reuse)

Patient 
use 

Device 
production

Packaging

Distribution

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

23

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesProduct sustainability

Sustainability in action

Minimising the 
environmental impact of 
pharmaceuticals for more 
sustainable healthcare

As part of our commitment to drive 
thought leadership and innovation 
to manage Pharmaceuticals in the 
Environment, we lead the Innovative 
Medicines Initiative (IMI) PREMIER 
project, a public-private partnership 
between the European Commission 
and the European Federation of 

Pharmaceutical Industries and 
Associations (EFPIA). One aim is to 
develop tools to identify potential 
environmental risks of APIs earlier in drug 
development and make these tools and 
data more accessible to all stakeholders. 
In 2022, PREMIER published a concept 
letter in collaboration with regulators, 
academics, and industry, to launch a 
dialogue around greener design that 
could help minimise the impact on the 
environment after they are excreted 
from patients.

Work to understand 
the sourcing of natural 
resources will continue 
to ensure we minimise 
any adverse impacts on 
nature.

Demonstrating reduced 
environmental impact 
through prevention of 
disease

In 2022, we published two care pathway 
case studies for seasonal influenza and 
chronic kidney disease. These studies 
estimate the GHG emissions associated 
with the management of these illnesses 
in the UK. 

Strengthening the approach 
to Environmental Risk 
Assessment (ERA)

We are working with our industry to 
prepare the extended ERA (eERA) 
proposal to strengthen the ERA process 
in Europe. This includes providing a 
framework to address concerns over 
pharmaceuticals in the environment, 
while maintaining supply of medicines 
to patients. 

Sustainable packaging 
target achieved

In 2022, we conducted a comprehensive 
survey of all our paper-based packaging 
suppliers. We determined that 97.5%1 
of materials used in our products were 
sourced from sustainably managed 
forests, achieving our sustainable 
packaging target. Work to understand 
the sourcing of natural resources will 
continue to ensure we minimise any 
adverse impacts on nature.

Next-generation pressurised 
metered-dose inhaler(pMDI)

In 2022, AstraZeneca announced it was 
partnering with Honeywell to deliver on 
a key product-related element of our 
Ambition Zero Carbon strategy – to 
develop the next-generation pMDI – 
using HFO-1234ze, a near-zero global 
warming potential (GWP) propellant. This 
is a significant innovation given the level 
of clinical need.

We expect this fixed-dose triple-
combination therapy to be the first 
medicine to transition to the next-
generation pMDI platform, subject 
to regulatory approval, and made 
significant progress in 2022 to advance 
its clinical programme in coordination 
with key regulatory authorities. Positive 
Phase I data were presented at the 
2022 American Thoracic Society (ATS) 
congress and British Thoracic Society 
(BTS) Winter Meeting.

Collaborating with 
industry on best practice 
in the management of 
manufacturing discharges

As well as our own Safe API Discharge 
programme, AstraZeneca has been 
supporting the industry through initiatives 
such as the Inter Associations Initiative 
(IAI) Responsible Manufacturing Effluent 
Management Technical Guidance 
Document and playing a leading role in 
the promotion of best practice through 
the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Initiative (PSCI).  

Continuous manufacturing

We have made a significant investment to 
grow our continuous API manufacturing 
capability with a pilot scale facility 
scheduled to be commissioned in 2023 
in the UK, at a cost of $19.9 million. 
This will help realise more opportunities 
for continuous processing applications 
within API manufacture, and bring the 
benefits of the enhanced sustainability 
performance of this technology when 
compared to batch processing. 
Demonstrating our commitment to 
embracing a science-led approach to 
improve API sustainability, resulted in 
a successful application for external 
grant funding of $3.0 million, through 
the UK’s Medicines and Diagnostics 
Manufacturing Transformation Fund 
(MDMTF).

Our scientists recently developed a new 
continuous manufacturing process for 
a key material from our oligonucleotide 
platform. Transitioning from batch to 
continuous manufacturing resulted 
in higher yield, increased throughput, 
reduced waste, lowered solvent volumes 
and energy consumption, and required 
fewer process reagents. Together, these 
improvements considerably lowered 
the environmental footprint of the 
material. LCA studies confirmed that 
the continuous process outperformed 
the batch process by greater than 24% 
across all impact categories modelled, 
including a 33% reduction in GHG 
emissions. This example illustrates that 
continuous manufacturing technology 
has a fundamental role to play in the 
delivery of our Ambition Zero Carbon 
targets.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

24

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesNatural resources

Natural 
resources

Why it matters

The conservation and sustainable use of natural 
resources and the protection and restoration of ecosystems 
is vital to shape a healthy future with resilient people and 
communities, building harmony between society and the 
natural environment. 

Description

Natural resources are essential to produce our medicines and operate our sites.

We are committed to:
•  Reducing our impact on the planet through the efficient, circular use of water and other 
natural resources across the value chain to ensure responsible sourcing, consumption, 
production, and disposal.

•  Protecting and restoring ecosystems to improve health outcomes and tackle 

environmental drivers of disease, such as water and air quality, through our focus on 
water stewardship and biodiversity.

We are also furthering our commitment 
to assess and minimise environmental 
impacts from our supply chain. While 
making progress on our existing 
responsible sourcing targets, including 
sustainably sourced paper-based 
packaging and action plans for identified 
key raw materials, we are building a 
risk-based approach to assess additional 
new and existing materials’ impacts and 
dependencies on nature. This will help 
prepare us for future reporting to the 
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD) framework as it is 
further developed. More detail on our 
approach to Biodiversity can be found 
in our position statement.

Challenges

Supply chains from the pharmaceutical 
sector are highly complex, making 
it difficult to define the impacts and 
dependencies on nature and prioritise 
our mitigating actions. Many materials 
needed to produce medicines are 
hazardous in nature and difficult to 
replace, generating waste streams that 
are challenging to reuse, recycle or 
repurpose. These factors mean cross-
sectoral collaboration with suppliers, 
regulators, and other companies within 
our industry are needed to achieve the 
vision of creating a circular business.

Approach

We are committed to reducing our impact 
on the planet and investing in nature 
and biodiversity to benefit planetary 
and societal health. We recognise that 
adopting circular business approaches 
and implementing efficient processes to 
develop and produce our medicines is 
key to reducing natural resources used 
in our value chains. We are leveraging 
our experience with lean manufacturing, 
which includes tools to enhance 
efficiency and eliminate waste, to build a 
framework for employees to identify and 
implement ideas that contribute to our 
environmental targets.

Our key targets aim to decouple water 
use and waste generation from business 
growth, supported by efficiency projects, 
partnership and engagement with 
suppliers, and designing out waste and 
pollution. In 2022, we increased the 
ambition of our water use target, now 
aiming to reduce water use by 20% from 
2015 baseline levels in support of water 
security and resilience in the basins 
where we operate.

Moving beyond efficiency, within our 
direct operations, we are working in 
collaboration with key stakeholders to 
make positive contributions to nature 
and local communities where we operate 
while mitigating risks from a changing 
climate through Nature-based Solutions. 
Through our partnership with the World 
Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Sweden, we 
are adopting water stewardship practices 
in alignment with the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship Standard and setting 
contextual targets at high-risk sites within 
our network. More detail on our approach 
to Water Stewardship can be found in our 
position statement.

Key targets and progress

2025 target

2022 update

Reduce water use by 20% 
below the 2015 baseline.6

Water footprint was 3.75 million m3, 
a 18.7% reduction from 2015. 

Status: On plan

2025 target

2022 update

Reduce waste by 10% below 
the 2015 baseline.

Status: On plan

Total waste was 25,493 tonnes, 
representing 18.6% reduction 
from 2015.

Incorporate the principles of the circular economy 
into the design of all our processes and products, from 
initial research and development through to production

Develop suitable 
metrics to monitor 
our progress 
towards a more 
circular economy

Maximise proportion 
of waste recycled 
and aim to eliminate 
waste to landfill

Our circular 
economy 
approach

Where possible, 
regenerate nature and 
use renewable natural 
resources instead of 
non-renewable ones

Seek to minimise the 
amount of materials 
required and waste 
generated during 
manufacture and use 
of our products

Increase reused or recycled content of the materials 
we use (both directly, and in our supply chain)

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

25

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesNatural resources

Sustainability in action

AZ Forest

In 2022, AZ Forest was active in the following countries:

Through our commitment to 
plant and maintain 50 million trees 
worldwide by the end of 2025, we 
are investing in projects that will 
sequester carbon, restore habitats 
for biodiversity and bring wider 
co-benefits such as improving 
food security, building climate 
resilience, and rehabilitating 
polluted watersheds to improve 
local water quality. Forest 
restoration also helps to reduce 
the risks of natural disasters, has 
social and economic benefits 
for communities, and promotes 
physical and mental wellbeing. 
In partnership with non-profit 
organisations and expert delivery 
partners focused on global forest 
restoration, we have planted over 
10.5 million trees in Australia, 
Indonesia, Ghana, US and the 
UK since 2020.

Australia

Indonesia

Ghana

UK

US

2025 target: Plant and maintain 50 million surviving trees by 2025

25 million trees to 
support threatened 
species and build 
habitat connectivity 
across Southern and 
Western Australia.

2022 progress

Over 4 million trees 
planted, using more 
than 260 species.

10 million trees in the 
Citarum River watershed 
in West Java to combat 
the negative effects of 
deforestation, helping to 
reduce soil erosion and 
sedimentation in rivers.

Three million trees in the Bono East 
Region to reverse habitat degradation 
and foster community and ecological 
resilience focusing on natural forest 
restoration alongside agroforestry 
and sustainable woodlots.

Over one million trees 
across England and 
southern Scotland, 
restoring forests damaged 
by pests and diseases 
and building climate 
resilience. 

One million trees 
initially focused 
on Delaware River 
watershed to improve 
water quality and 
sustain native wildlife.

Over 3.1 million trees 
planted to date, introducing 
community-based 
agroforestry to more 
than 12,770 farmers.

Over 1.2 million trees planted, 1,043 
in natural forest restoration and 220k 
fruit and timber trees.

Over 474 thousand trees 
planted.

Over 106 thousand 
trees planted. 

Circularity at our 
Sweden sites

Our manufacturing site in Södertälje has 
embedded circularity to improve resource 
efficiency, including:
•  A project to recycle condensate and 
rejected purified water to produce 
steam, expected to deliver savings of 
150,000 m3 annually, 4% of our global 
water withdrawals, starting in 2023 

•  An onsite wastewater treatment 
plant that increases control over 
environmental impacts from site 
discharge. The heat in the outgoing 
water is recovered using heat pumps 
for use elsewhere at the site, saving 
at least 5 GWh annually

Our R&D site in Gothenburg completed 
a project to recover and reuse liquid 
helium, a vital component of super-
conducting magnets used in research 
that is a scarce resource, typically 
sourced from underground supply as a 
by-product of natural gas production. 
The site expects to recycle greater than 
90% of liquid helium requirements.

Green labs

We have been named a competition 
winner for the third year in a row in the 
My Green Lab 2022 Freezer Challenge.

CDP Double-A rating 
for Climate and Water 
and progress on Forest

We have been recognised for our 
sustainability leadership by CDP, who 
lead the global disclosure system that 
supports management of environmental 
impacts. For the seventh consecutive 
year, we achieved a double A-rating for 
our work on Climate Change and Water 
Security. 

In 2022, our Forest score improved and 
we received B for timber, B for palm 
oil, and C for cattle products. We plan 
to continue our efforts through our 
Responsible Sourcing Framework.

Biodiversity

There is an urgent need to operate 
within planetary boundaries7 to halt and 
reverse biodiversity loss. We support 
the principles of the UN Convention on 
Biological Diversity (CBD) and share 
the 2050 vision of ‘Living in Harmony 
with Nature’. Innovation is critical to 
reduce impact on biodiversity. For 
example, we are innovating to identify 
tools to address the environmental risks 
of pharmaceuticals and collaborating 
with experts to utilise leading forest 
restoration techniques and share 
learnings from our AZ Forest initiative. We 
are also working to follow emerging best 
practice, for example through disclosure 
to the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures (TNFD)8, and by 
setting science-led biodiversity targets, 
as methodologies such as Science-
Based Targets for Nature (SBTN)9 evolve. 
For more information see our Biodiversity 
position statement.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

26

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotes2022 performance

49.5%

senior middle management 
roles are occupied by women1

8 countries

with supplier diversity 
programmes

83%

of employee survey 
respondents feel we have 
a ‘speak up’ culture2

Ethics and 
transparency

Ethical and transparent 
business delivers sustainable 
positive impacts for patients 
and society

Our ambition

Ensuring ethical, open, and inclusive 
behaviour across our organisation and 
value chain

Connection to health

Fostering a culture of doing the right 
thing across our value chain promotes 
health and wellbeing

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, 
a universal blueprint for prosperity for people 
and the planet, now and into the future.
SDG 3 | Good health and well-being
SDG 5 | Gender equality
SDG 8 | Decent work and economic growth
SDG 17 | Partnerships for the goals

See Sustainability Data Summary 
for full metrics and methodology

Our material focus areas

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 
AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

27
27

Ethics and transparencyEthical business cultureInclusion and diversityWorkforce safety and healthSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEthics and transparency overview

Ethics and 
transparency 
overview

Approach

Building trust by demonstrating integrity, 
transparency and fair treatment is central 
to everything we do, and supports our 
ability to operate, to innovate and to bring 
healthcare solutions to more people. Our 
shared Values underpin all our activities 
and serve as a compass to guide us.

Governance

We are committed to high ethical 
standards and full compliance with laws, 
regulations and internal policies. We 
adhere to the codes of IFPMA, EFPIA 
and PhRMA, of which we are members.

Our dedicated external webpage 
AZEthics enables any concerns to be 
raised anonymously.

We seek to create positive 
societal impact and embed 
ethical behaviour in all 
our business activities, 
markets and value chain. 
We promote ethical, 
transparent and inclusive 
policies internally as well 
as with our partners and 
suppliers. 

The big picture 

It is important that we create value 
beyond the impact our medicines have 
on patients. We need to ensure that 
we retain and increase trust across all 
our stakeholder groups in order to 
continue to deliver life-changing 
medicines to patients. 

Our Values

We follow  
the science

We put  
patients first

We play  
to win

We do the  
right thing

We are 
entrepreneurial

Material focus areas

74 
countries 
completed the 
biennial human 
rights survey

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

28

Ethical business cultureInclusion and diversityWorkplace safety  and healthSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEthical business culture

Ethical 
business 
culture

Why it matters

An ethical business culture is essential to successful risk 
management, and we are committed to increasing public 
trust in our industry.  

Description

Drive the highest standards of conduct and accountability beyond compliance including, 
but not limited to, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, product safety, use of human tissue 
and animals for research, human rights and building supplier capabilities to uphold high 
social standards.  

Approach

The key elements of our commitment 
to an ethical business culture are: 

•  Our Code of Ethics and Values, which 
guide everything we do and ensure 
that we deliver life-changing medicines 
in a responsible way. We reinforce 
our commitment to ethical business 
conduct through annual Code of Ethics 
training, delivered to all employees and 
relevant third parties

•  Values-based decision making. We 
emphasise values-based decision-
making, and encourage our workforce 
and suppliers to adopt a sustainability 
mindset that embraces our core Values

•  Visibility and transparency. Being 
visible and transparent about our 
business supports learning and 
development for our employees, 
suppliers and partners, and this 
is fundamental to meeting the 
expectations of patients, investors 
and broader society

Human rights 

As signatories to the UN Global Compact 
(UNGC) for the last 12 years, we commit 
to its Guiding Principles to respect 
human rights. We are also committed 
to the International Labour Organization 
(ILO) standards on child labour and 
minimum working age. We aim to prevent 
human rights violations by proactively 
identifying any issues in our business and 
supply chain and responding promptly 
with appropriate action.

We continue to benchmark and 
improve our approach to Human 
Rights through industry working groups 
including Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Initiative (PSCI), Business for Social 
Responsibility (BSR) and Fair Wage 
Network with particular focus on due 
diligence, human rights audits and 
responsible sourcing initiatives.

Responsible supply chain

We expect all employees and 
contractors to follow our Global 
Standard for the Procurement of 
Goods and Services. We monitor 
compliance through assessments and 
improvement programmes, and all our 
suppliers and partners must meet our 
Global Standard on Expectations of 
Third Parties. We conduct audits on 
high-risk commercial suppliers (external 
manufacturing partners) to ensure 
appropriate practices and controls. 

Challenges

The increase in data privacy and 
data transfer laws require us to ensure 
we meet regulatory and stakeholder 
expectations around data protection 
and security.

Our Global Privacy Standard as well 
as internal data governance committees 
enable us to keep focused on our internal 
capabilities and response to this evolving 
environment.

Key targets and progress

2025 target

2022 update

Maintain 100% of active employees 
trained on the Code of Ethics.

100% of active employees trained 
on the Code of Ethics in 2022.3

Status: On plan

2025 target

2022 update

Improve the AstraZeneca global 
biennial human rights survey results 
and use Fair Wage Network data to 
more robustly assess our performance 
against local living 
wage data.

The biennial human rights survey has 
been completed by 74 countries and 
action plans are in progress. The analysis 
of Fair Wage Network data has enabled 
us to ensure we continue to pay a fair 
living wage globally.  

Status: On plan

The values and behaviours 
expressed in our Expectation 
of Third Parties document 
and the AstraZeneca Code of 
Ethics apply to: 

You
Any person, company, 
or organisation 
that engages with 
AstraZeneca

Us
All employees of 
AstraZeneca

Code of 
Ethics

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

29

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesEthical business culture

Sustainability in action

Positive sourcing initiatives

Our Positive Sourcing Programme embeds responsible sourcing practices in end-to-
end procurement processes and promotes ethical behaviour among our suppliers. Our 
ambition is to achieve 100% ethical spend, ensuring we only work with suppliers that 
share our Values. Our approach fosters our suppliers’ progress on sustainability, enables 
us to innovate together on challenges and accelerates supplier diversity. To achieve 
our goal, in 2022 we continued our partnership with EcoVadis to assess our suppliers’ 
environmental, ethical, and social performance, with 53% of our suppliers (by spend) that 
were assessed achieving an acceptable score of more than 45.

Animals in research

Animal studies remain a small, but necessary, part of the process of developing new 
medicines, until we have suitable technological alternatives. 

Some studies are carried out to explore the science behind diseases and potential 
treatments, while other studies are required by regulators before new medicines can 
be put through trials in humans. In all cases, we maintain high standards of animal care 
and welfare and ensure that the principles of the 3Rs (Replacement, Reduction and 
Refinement of animals in research) are applied.

Power of Diversity – Interactive learning and engagement

Increasing understanding 
of the patient experience

In 2022, Alexion’s Patient Experience 
Team expanded three unique patient-
centric programmes, including into 
the wider AstraZeneca enterprise, that 
enable our employees to understand 
our patients' experiences across our 
rare disease therapeutic areas, and 
help improve health outcomes.

LEAP

Learn, Evolve, Activate, 
deliver for Patients

STAR

Solutions to Accelerate 
Results for patients

LEAP learning sessions immerse 
employees in the patient journey from the 
patients' perspectives. This simulation 
experience is integrated in the new 
AstraZeneca employee onboarding 
programme, market business launch 
planning and several other company 
programmes. In 2022, we developed five 
new LEAP simulations, conducted over 
90 sessions worldwide, and over 1,700 
employees participated in at least one 
session. 

STAR is Alexion’s patient value solution 
incubator. The STAR team meets with 
patients and other stakeholders to 
identify development solutions and 
strategies that create meaningful value 
for patients. Burden of disease, clinical 
data, patient insights and critical 
inflection points on the patient journey 
"moments that matter" are recorded 
in STAR Factbooks. In 2022, over 
300 employees participated in one or 
more STAR Patient Forums. The STAR 
outputs have also been shared across 
several AstraZeneca teams, which are 
incorporating insights in their relevant 
experience maps and other programmes.

PFC

Patient Friction Coefficient

PFC is a model to inform and design 
patient-centric rare disease clinical trials. 
Feedback and insights are collected 
through interactive sessions with patients 
to minimise factors that could create a 
patient burden. In 2022, we conducted 
PFCs across five programmes and 
identified over 30 insights that inform 
protocol design or mitigations and 
enhanced support services.  

To engage our global workforce in 
recognising, celebrating and learning 
more about the rich diversity within our 
organisation and the power we unlock 
by utilising it, we hosted a series of 
events and initiatives throughout the year 
to educate employees on inclusion and 
diversity (I&D) topics, build a sense of 
community, and further foster inclusion 
and belonging across AstraZeneca. The 
programming included senior executive-
led panel discussions, video modules, 
local quarterly events and live global 
events with external experts reinforcing 
the core focus areas of our global I&D 
strategy.

We encourage 
our workforce and 
suppliers to adopt 
a sustainability mindset 
that embraces our core 
values.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

30

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesInclusion and diversity

Inclusion 
and diversity

Why it matters

We believe that inclusion is a right and diversity is 
a strength. Both make a fundamental contribution to 
the success of our company because innovation requires 
breakthrough ideas that only come from a diverse 
workforce empowered to challenge conventional thinking.

Description

Create a working environment where every employee has a sense of belonging, 
regardless of gender, race, ethnic origin, religion, age, disability status or sexual 
orientation. This includes equitable compensation, benefits and opportunities for 
development and advancement.

Approach

In 2022, we refreshed our global Inclusion 
and Diversity (I&D) strategy to allow us 
to prioritise and streamline our efforts 
in areas where we can drive lasting 
systemic change for our organisation 
and for society. Our work to refresh our 
I&D strategy was based on input from 
employees from across the company, 
who were both directly and indirectly 
involved with I&D programmes.

Our global I&D strategy includes 
three strategic focus areas: 

•  Inclusion: Cultivate inclusion 

and belonging

•  Diversity: Build and sustain a diverse 

leadership and talent pipeline

•  Impact: Advance societal change

We have a Global I&D Council which 
comprises senior and rising leaders 
who are representative of our global 
workforce and organisational structure, 
and is chaired by CEO, Pascal Soriot. 
This group is accountable for advising on 
and enhancing organisational progress 
towards our global I&D ambitions, as well 
as working with local leaders to ensure 
an approach that is tailored to meet local 
needs.

I&D is central to our commitment to 
being a great place to work, for the 
benefit of our employees, our business 
and for society. Our ongoing commitment 
to I&D will enable us to future-proof our 
business by ensuring that we continue 
to attract and retain top talent from 
various backgrounds and with different 
experiences. Every component of our 
I&D mission is critical to our success.

Our I&D strategy supports the delivery 
of our purpose and strategy, by: 

•  Driving innovation through diversity of 
background, experience and thought, 
in line with our Values

•  Attracting, developing, and retaining 
high quality talent from a richer, 
broader talent pool

•  Enabling patient-centric insights 

through an employee population that 
reflects the patients and communities 
we serve

•  Ensuring our medicines reach the 
full spectrum of patients affected 
by the diseases they treat, creating 
a healthier society

•  Creating socio-economic impact by 
engaging small and diverse suppliers 
in our value chain and supporting 
their growth and development

Challenges

Privacy and ethics go together. Focusing 
on transparency, integrity and trust is at 
the heart of both our privacy strategy and 
our ethical approach: an ethical company 
is a company that values privacy and 
a company that values privacy embraces 
ethical practices. Across the world, we 
are seeing new and enhanced protection 
for personal data, moving the balance 
of power over personal data away from 
organisations back to individuals. This 
means that our ability to use people’s 
personal data for new and innovative 
purposes is linked directly to their trust 
in us.

Key targets and progress

2025 target

Reach gender equality in 
management positions.

Status: On plan

2022 update

49.5% of senior middle management 
roles are occupied by women.1

2025 target

2022 update

Launch supplier diversity 
programmes in 10 new countries 
(outside of US).

Programmes launched in total of seven 
countries outside of US, with one more 
country, Sweden, launched in 2022.

Status: On plan

38.5% 
female and 
23% 
ethnic minority 
representation 
on our Board

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

31

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesInclusion and diversity

Sustainability in action

Supporting supplier 
diversity 

Our Supplier Diversity Programme 
maximises opportunities for small and 
diverse businesses to be part of our value 
chain and supports their growth. This 
helps support local economies through 
job opportunities, enabling diverse 
supplier development through mentorship 
schemes, and making a positive 
socio-economic impact by supporting 
the growth of local businesses. Our 
programme aims to be active in 10 
countries outside the US by 2025, and 
is now active in seven including Brazil, 
South Africa, UK, Australia, New Zealand, 
and Poland, and most recently launched 
in Sweden in 2022. 

To support our diverse suppliers to make 
progress on sustainability, in 2022 we 
launched two cohorts of the Diverse 
Supplier Sustainability Accelerator 
Programme, to help diverse suppliers to 
increase their sustainability capabilities, 
with 80 suppliers participating. Supplier 

diversity partnerships include WEConnect 
International, Minority Supplier 
Development UK, Social Enterprise UK, 
National Minority Supplier Development 
Council, NGLCC, National HubZone 
Council, WBENC, and the Diversity 
Alliance for Science. 

AstraZeneca has been recognised with 
the WBEC Greater DMV 2022 President's 
Award and 2022 Corporate Champion 
Award for having the highest spend with 
the WBEC Certified Women-Owned 
Businesses in Greater DMV, and the 
Diversity Honor Roll by WBEC East.

Inclusive partnerships

In 2022, AstraZeneca joined 
Disability:IN’s Inclusion Works 
programme to promote the full inclusion 
of people with disabilities and to inspire 
accessible innovation for all. 

In the US, to further underscore our 
commitment to LGBTQ+ inclusion in 
the workplace and our stance against 

discriminatory policy, we joined the 
Human Rights Campaign’s Business 
Coalition for Equality Act and signed 
the Business Statement on Anti-LGBTQ 
State Legislation.

In 2022, we continued to enhance 
relationships with external organisations 
and institutions, such as historically 
black colleges and universities (HBCU) 
and Hispanic-serving institutions (HSI) 
in the US, to facilitate entry pathways 
for underrepresented talent by funding 
scholarships and/or participating in 
recruitment and STEM mentoring 
programmes.

In the UK, we signed the Wellbeing of 
Women Menopause Workplace Pledge, 
raising awareness of menopause as 
a workplace issue and committing to 
supporting employees affected by it.

In 2022, in partnership with the Diversity 
Alliance for Science, we launched the 
2022 Lead in Sustainability Accelerator 
programme for 40 small and diverse 
businesses.

We also became a founding partner 
to the first ever pan-European diversity 
initiative European Expansion Programme 
(ESDP) / MSDUK to enhance the 
landscape of supplier diversity in six 
European countries: Belgium, France, 
Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, and 
Sweden. We also became a founding 
partner of Buy Social Europe, Social 
Enterprise UK. This will contribute to 
identifying and engaging the leading 
social enterprise suppliers across the EU 
and Switzerland region in our value chain.

Our Employee Resource 
Groups are part of the 
fabric of our company 
and are fundamental to 
our progress.

AstraZeneca Employee Resource Groups (AZ ERGs) 
raise diversity awareness

AstraZeneca Employee Resource Groups (AZ ERGs) are part of the fabric of our company 
and are fundamental to our progress. They are voluntary, employee-led groups formed 
based on shared experiences that raise diversity awareness and promote business and 
societal impact.

AZ ERGs help to create a sense of community and belonging through connecting and 
supporting people who share the same dimensions of diversity. They also empower 
employees to speak their mind and share their voice and perspective, because they feel 
psychologically safe to do so.

We believe that when individuals have the support and backing of a community of 
collective and allied voices, they are more likely to contribute and fulfil their potential, 
which gives us our competitive advantage as an organisation.

We have a total of 19 AZ ERGs; some with a global presence and others with a specific 
country presence and focusing on locally relevant topics. Our AZ ERGs reflect various 
shared affinities, identities and experiences, such as:

•  Cancer at work
•  Disabilities
•  Early talent
•  Healthcare professionals and scientists
•  LGBTQIA+
•  Mental health

•  Military support
•  Neurodiversity
•  Racial, cultural and ethnic diversity
•  Women
•  Working parents and caregivers

Recognition – included in the following I&D rankings: 

•  FTSE Women Leaders Review 2022 – 

•  Financial Times, Diversity Leaders 2023

#1 in the Pharmaceutical 
and Biotechnology sector

•  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index 2023 

– one of 484 companies selected 

•  Forbes, World’s Best Employers 2022

•  Diversity Inc, 2022 Top 50 Companies 

for Diversity List (US) 

•  WEConnect International, 2022 

Top Global Champions for Supplier 
Diversity & Inclusion

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

32

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesWorkforce safety and health

Workforce 
safety and 
health

Why it matters

To continue to deliver medicines to patients, we must 
foster an environment where people feel safe, energised, 
and inspired. The resources we put into supporting the 
physical and mental health and safety of our workforce 
are an investment in society at large, the communities 
where we operate, and the long-term health of economies. 
Contributing to a safe and healthy environment is the right 
thing to do and can also have positive business impacts.

Description

Provide a safe and healthy working environment, based on a culture of learning 
rather than blame. This includes the application of human and operational performance 
principles, including training for leaders and managers, supporting employee health 
through flexible ways of working, access to disease prevention, treatment and mental 
health services. 

from every employee to themselves, 
our colleagues, our workplace, our 
community, and our environment.  

Our AZ SHE System aligns SHE data 
management systems and SHE business 
processes across our company, in order 
to streamline our collection, storage, 
and reporting, providing a single source 
of SHE data across our enterprise. The 
AZ SHE System drives innovation in 
the management and reporting of SHE 
events and sustainability metrics, while 
helping to improve workforce safety and 
health. 

This system has been rolled out to 81,645 
users at 477 AstraZeneca locations, in 79 
countries. 

To date, the system has collected over 
7,825 safety and health events (including 
near misses), 101,176 SHE observations, 
and 32,561 corrective or preventive 
action plans.

Challenges 

New and changing data privacy, security 
and transfer regulations have caused 
delays in implementing processes to 
support health and wellbeing.  

We continue to work with regulators, 
vendors, and our own legal organisation 
to be sure we maintain compliance.

Approach

We foster an environment that supports 
physical and mental health to make 
people feel safe, energised, and inspired, 
which not only benefits our workforce 
and productivity, but is an investment in 
the communities in which we operate 
and the long-term health of economies.

Our standards apply globally and 
are referenced in our Code of Ethics. 
We have a Global Safety, Health, 
and Environment (SHE) Standard, 
supported by our OneSHE Framework 
and accompanying ‘SHE: Everybody’s 
Business’ training, which establishes 
minimum standards and is applicable to 
all employees and temporary staff across 
AstraZeneca sites and all business 
functions.

In 2022, we created an additional training 
module aimed at line managers to further 
underpin the Global SHE Standard and 
expectations of line management. We 
monitor safety and health targets aimed 
at supporting our workforce and keeping 
AstraZeneca among the sector leaders 
in performance. We are committed to 
maintaining or exceeding compliance 
with all legal and regulatory requirements 
in the locations we operate in. We work 
in a transparent and ethical manner 
to develop good relationships with 
regulators and ensure we contribute to 
local communities. 

We manage SHE risks, opportunities, 
and performance by using effective 
management systems utilising a 
'Plan, Do, Check, Act' process to 
ensure continuous improvement. This 
requires engagement throughout the 
organisation, effective leadership, open 
communication, and a commitment 

Key targets and progress

2025 target

2022 update

Workforce safety: 75% reduction in 
total injury rate from 2015 baseline.4

72% reduction in total injury rate.5

Status: On plan

2025 target

Driver safety: 55% reduction in 
collisions per million kilometres 
driven from 2015 baseline.4

Status: On plan

2022 update

49% reduction in collisions.5

>47,000 

observations6 reported 
through AZ SHE 
System

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

33

See Sustainability Data Summary for full metrics and methodologySustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesWorkforce safety and health

Sustainability in action

Preventing Serious Injury and Fatality (SIF) at work

We launched a Serious Injury and Fatality Prevention and Mitigation Programme in 2021, 
led by our Global SHE team and guided by a senior-level steering committee. Process 
and life safety subject matter experts evaluate high-risk activities with the potential to 
result in a serious injury or fatality and prioritise these against internal audit findings 
and past events. In 2022, we implemented the second year of our three-year plan to 
address 12 high-risk areas, focusing on work at height, safe operation, contractors and 
construction safety.

As part of the plan, working teams reviewed and uplifted existing standards and materials, 
followed by a gap assessment at site-level. Gap assessment results were then reviewed 
by site leadership teams and the steering committee. As a result, a new AstraZeneca 
Standard on Working at Height was launched towards year end, with additional 
guidance to support the standard. The scope of the initiative was also extended beyond 
manufacturing to include major R&D sites.

Healthy Mind app supporting mental health worldwide 

In order to provide easily accessible support for employee mental health through digital 
innovation, our Safe Space employee resource group (ERG) worked with our Global IT, 
and SHE functions to develop a digital solution with Microsoft using Power Platform. 
This led to the Healthy Mind app, which has been upgraded in 2022 with an improved 
user experience, support for 24 languages and access to mindfulness content. Since 
launch, the app has been accessed 26,000 times by 16,000 global employees. It is an 
example of innovative solutions to employee wellbeing, supported by cross-functional 
and ERG collaboration. 

Drive Success driver safety campaign to protect 
employees and communities

Since our return to the workplace in 2021 and early 2022, we have seen an increase in 
the number of vehicle collisions reported, prompting a review of our Drive Success driver 
safety programme. In 2022, a safe driving campaign was developed and endorsed by 
our Commercial SHE Executive Team, with leadership video content and a messaging 
cascade for employee engagement. The campaign was aimed at line managers with 
accountability for SHE. It was designed to initiate team discussions on safe driving habits 
and to understand any barriers to those habits. Topics included risks to safety such 
as excessive speed, distractions and fatigue. The campaign emphasised preventive 
measures that employees and line managers can take to improve safety in these areas.  
The campaign also included ideas for five-minute safety moments or check-ins, asking 
teams thought-provoking questions to maintain an emphasis on driver safety, with the 
goal of protecting our employees and the communities in which we work.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

34

Human Performance Event 
Learning training – fixing 
the system not the people

As part of our commitment to integrating 
Human and Organisational Performance 
(HOP) thinking – a science-based 
approach to understanding how and 
why people make mistakes and what 
organisational improvements can be 
made – into our Global Operations 
organisation in 2022, we provided 
Human Performance Event Learning 
(HPEL) practitioner training to over 800 
individuals, as well as HOP training for 
leaders and suppliers globally.

The HPEL approach has three 
main steps:

1. Developing an understanding of 
the event’s performance context 
– creating a safe environment for 
learning by recognising how mistakes 
happen, without blame – what failed 
and not who failed. Exploring the 
background and what error traps and 
local workplace factors contributed 
to the event.

2. Identifying the required 

improvements or ‘countermeasures’ 
– focusing on the importance of 
learning as part of an improvement 
strategy. Going through a process 
away from procedures and towards 
error-proofing or elimination of hazards.

3. Shared learning – identifying the 
impacts, errors, and the local and 
organisational factors discovered, 
capturing key learnings to be shared 
at site level and beyond. 

We foster an 
environment that 
supports physical 
and mental health to 
make people feel safe, 
energised and inspired.

Sustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesFootnotes

Footnotes

Sustainability overview
1. 

Access to healthcare
1. 

		Watson	OJ,	et	al	Global	impact	of	the	first	year	of	COVID-19	
vaccination: a mathematical modelling study. Published online June 
23, 2022. Available at: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/
article/PIIS1473-3099(22)00320-6/fulltext Last accessed: January 
2023.	Data	estimates	based	on	model	outcomes	from	separate	
analyses	conducted	by	Airfinity	and	Imperial	College	London,	
United	Kingdom.	AstraZeneca	Data	on	File.	DoF	REF-	156573,	
date of preparation 31 January 2023.
		In	2022	we	had	a	total	of	9,500	employees	go	through	an	
immersive	and	cohort-based	AZ	development	intervention.	For	
our two dedicated women leader development programmes 
(Women as Leaders, Empowerment – diversity by design) we had 
approximately 1,000 women graduate. Our programmes designed 
for	various	stages	of	leadership	saw	8,500	participants,	with	a	
50:50	M/F	split	represented.
		Ensure	100%	of	AstraZeneca	site	discharges	and	≥90%	of	
supplier site discharges are in compliance with safe API discharge 
concentrations.
		Data	reported	for	2022	is	for	calendar	year	2021	and	based	on	
weight supplied. Scope includes primary, secondary, and tertiary 
packaging. Alexion brands excluded.

		People	‘reached’	is	defined	per	programme,	depending	on	the	
operations	of	specific	programmes.	This	figure	includes	current	
programmes:  Healthy Heart Africa, Young Health Programme, and 
historic programmes: Healthy Lung Programme and Phakamisa.
  As of the time of publishing the report, there was an 88% response 
rate from global markets. Cumulative reporting means the 
remainder will be captured in next year’s reporting and that people 
reached may not be unique individuals.
		This	figure	comes	from	current	programme:	Healthy	Heart	
Africa, and historic programmes: Healthy Lung Programme, and 
Phakamasia.  
  Total healthcare facilities activated includes current programme: 
Healthy Heart Africa, and historic programme: Healthy Lung 
Programme.
		According	to	EveryLife	Foundation,	93%	–	95%	of	more	than	7,000	
known	rare	diseases	have	no	US	Food	and	Drug	Administration-
approved therapies. https://everylifefoundation.org/	about-us/
  Orach C.G. Health equity: challenges in low incomes countries. 
Published	online	October	2009.	Available	at:	http://www.bioline.
org.br/pdf?hs09046 [Last accessed: January 2023].
  Methodology update in 2022 means total community investments 
refers	to	payments	completed	within	the	financial	year.
		Watson	OJ,	et	al	Global	impact	of	the	first	year	of	COVID-19	
vaccination: a mathematical modelling study. Published on line 
June 23, 2022. Available at: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/ 
laninf/article/PIIS1473-3099(22)00320-6/fulltext Last accessed: 
January	2023.	Data	estimates	based	on	model	outcomes	from	
separate	analyses	conducted	by	Airfinity	and	Imperial	College	
London,	United	Kingdom.	AstraZeneca	Data	on	File.	DoF	REF-	
156573,	date	of	preparation	31	January	2023.

2. 

3. 

4. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5.	

6.	

7. 

8. 

9.	

10. 
11. 

12. 

		According	to	World	Bank,	lower	middle-income	economies	are	
defined	as	those	with	a	Gross	National	Income	(GNI)	per	capita	
between	$1,086	and	$4,255.	World	Bank	Country	and	Lending	
Groups Available at: https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/
knowledgebase/articles/906519-world-bank-country-and-lending-
groups [Last accessed: January 2023].
		Includes	financial	donations,	in-kind	donations,	product	donations.
  These patient assistance programmes use fully donated product 
without expectation of payment from the patient for any portion or 
to access the programme.
		People	‘trained’	is	defined	per	project,	depending	on	the	specific	
operations. Peer Educators through YHP refers to young people 
that	are	capacitated	by	the	YHP	to	train	their	peers	on	Non-
Communicable	Disease	(NCD)	risk	factors.

Environmental protection
1. 

		Data	reported	for	2022	is	for	calendar	year	2021	and	based	on	
weight supplied. Scope includes primary, secondary, and tertiary 
packaging. Alexion brands excluded.
		In	2022,	we	invested	$26.6	million	through	our	Natural	Resource	
Efficiency	Fund	together	with	other	central	capital	investments.	
As	part	of	this,	we	invested	$21	million	on	energy	efficiency	and	
renewable	energy	(Solar	PV).
		Romanello	M.	et	al.	The	report	of	the	Lancet	Countdown	on	health	
and climate change: health at the mercy of fossil fuels. Published 
online	October	25,	2022,	Available	at:	https://www.thelancet.com/
journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(22)01540-9/fulltext [Last 
accessed: January 2023].
  Convergence of two targets communicated in 2020 and 2021 for 
small molecule syntheses and biologics products.
		Data	collected	one	year	in	arrears.	Scope	is	54	APIs	for	which	
data is available to calculate safe API discharge limits and based 
on 2021 manufacture and formulation activities. One discharge 
assessment at a single timepoint (1/44 measurements) marginally 
exceeded the safe discharge target (failure in vacuum system and 
water	use	reduction	causing	high	concentration	in	effluent,	vacuum	
promptly	repaired	upon	identification	of	fault,	all	other	timepoints	
measurements	were	within	safe	discharge	targets)	One	of	66	API	
discharges	marginally	exceeded	the	safe	discharge	target	(RQ	=	
1.3 based on application of additional marine assessment factor 
of 10).
		Target	updated	in	2022	to	reflect	increased	ambition	before	2025.
		Almond	R.E.A.,	Grooten	M.,	Juffe	Bignoli	D.	&	Petersen	T.	(Eds).	
(2022)	Living	Planet	Report	2022.	WWF,	Gland,	Switzerland.	
Online: https://livingplanet.panda.org/ [Accessed 2 February 2023]
		Taskforce	on	Nature-related	Financial	Disclosures.	Online: 
https://tnfd.global/ [Accessed 2 February 2023]
		The	Science	Based	Targets	Network.	Online:	https://
sciencebasedtargets.org/about-us/sbtn [Accessed 2 
February 2023].

2. 

3. 

4. 

5.	

6.	
7. 

8. 

9.	

Ethics and transparency
1. 
2. 

		Senior	middle	management	refers	to	staff	director	level	and	above.
  ‘Speak Up’ question in the internal survey changed from: “I feel 
comfortable to speak up and express my opinion at work” in 
2020 and to “I feel comfortable to speak my mind and express my 
opinion at work’’ in 2021 and 2022.
		We	define	our	100%	complete	statistic	by	saying	all	active	
employees	on	the	day	of	roll	out	(in	this	case	16/17th	October)	
must complete the course. Active employees are those not 
impacted	by	variables	such	as	parental	leave,	long-term	sickness	
and garden leave.
  Target excludes Alexion.
  The inclusion criteria for injuries and occupational illnesses in the 
metrics reported here are aligned with the US Occupational Safety 
and	Health	Administration	(OSHA)	Record	Keeping	Rule.	Workforce	
safety and health for AstraZeneca and Alexion is reported 
separately. The Alexion total reportable injury rate (per million hours 
worked)	is	0.7.	AstraZeneca	represents	94%	of	total	workforce,	
Alexion	represents	6%	of	total	workforce.
  Observations include positive interactions or unsafe conditions. 
All observations include peer to peer coaching.

3. 

4. 
5.	

6.	

AstraZeneca Sustainability Report 2022 

35

FootnotesSustainability overviewAccess to healthcareEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyFootnotesThis is our eighth annual sustainability report and it describes our approach and progress from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, unless otherwise stated.

The content is based on those sustainability focus areas deemed material through comprehensive stakeholder engagement and analysis.

All our business operations worldwide are in scope regardless of their function, unless otherwise stated.

AstraZeneca Sustainability Data Summary: provides performance measures and targets with at least three years of data, where available, and a United Nations Sustainable Development Goals index.

AstraZeneca Sustainability webpages: cover additional topics of interest to our stakeholders.

Policies and company standards: state our positions and guidance on key topics.

Bureau Veritas has provided limited assurance for sustainability activities reported in the Sustainability Data Summary 2022 and in the Annual Report 2022.

Details are described in the Letters of Assurance, which are publicly available.

Assurance is in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3410 Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements’ ( ISAE 3410’), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.

AstraZeneca has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, with reference to the GRI Standards.

Next generation therapeutics Advancements in biotechnology have expanded our toolkit of drug modalities.

This provides an opportunity to design therapeutics for disease mechanisms previously considered difficult, if not impossible, to target and enables our scientists to pioneer new approaches to drug discovery.

Caption placeholder: Ulpa alis volo del ipis et esto maximus aut landi blauditatem necaboritat laborrum lis volo del ipisut landi blauditatem laborrum.

Pascal Soriot, AstraZeneca CEO and Champion of the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) Health Systems Task Force speaking at COP27, Egypt 2022.

As we navigate current socio economic and environmental challenges, we must prioritise building sustainable, resilient and equitable health systems that protect current and future generations.

During 2022, AstraZeneca demonstrated its continued commitment to innovate for patients and improve health outcomes worldwide.

Our pandemic response and global vaccine delivery are testament to this, with over six million lives saved in the first year1 and a focus on equitable access.

I am equally proud of our efforts to address climate change, the greatest public health crisis of our time, which is causing a rise in chronic diseases and health inequalities, as well as increasing pressures on health systems.

As highlighted in this Report, we are making important progress with our science led Ambition Zero Carbon strategy.

By the end of December 2022, we had achieved a 59.3% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions compared to our 2015 baseline, with our AZ Forest programme working in parallel to help restore nature and biodiversity, and over 10.5 million trees planted since 2020.

We also continued to drive change across the health sector, including through the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI). Ahead of COP27, the SMI Health Systems Task Force, which I am honoured to champion, announced shared commitments and actions to reduce emissions in line with the 1.5 C pathway and accelerate the transition to net zero health systems.

Furthermore, the Partnership for Health System Sustainability and Resilience (PHSSR), which we co founded in 2020, has now expanded to more than 30 countries.

Our top three ranking in the 2022 Access to Medicine Index recognises our strategic focus on increasing equitable and affordable access to life changing treatments.

How we achieve results is of vital importance, and we are guided by our Values in all that we do.

Through our Code of Ethics and standards, we strive for a safe, responsible and ethical business culture for our employees and partners.

We also take pride in championing a culture of inclusion and belonging, recognising the power of diversity in fostering innovation.

By working with others to prioritise health, we will play our part in ensuring communities and societies thrive, economies prosper, and the planet recovers.

Inaugurating a Green Field Hospital with the Egyptian Health Authority during COP27 to support sustainable healthcare delivery.

Sustainability at AstraZeneca means harnessing the power of science and innovation and our global reach to build a healthy future for people, society, and the planet.

We are playing our part in tackling the biggest challenges of our time, from climate change to access to healthcare and disease prevention.

By using a science led approach and ensuring we act with integrity and in accordance with our Values, we are transforming the future of healthcare and making a positive impact.

The results of our 2021 materiality assessment identified the issues that matter most to AstraZeneca and our stakeholders, and showed where we can have a positive impact.

Increasing access to life saving treatments, promoting prevention, and strengthening global healthcare resilience and sustainability.

Accelerating the delivery of net zero healthcare, proactively managing our environmental impact across all activities, and investing in nature and biodiversity.

Ensuring ethical, open, and inclusive behaviour across our organisation and value chain.

We push the boundaries of science to deliver life changing medicines.

Science and innovation to deliver new medicines that address unmet medical need Transforming outcomes for patients, increasing access to healthcare, and making healthcare systems more resilient, while growing the success of our company.

Contributing sustainably to people, society, and the planet.

Our strategic priorities drive our efforts, while working inclusively and collaboratively across our company and with others, always in line with our Values.

San Francisco, CA, US New York, NY, US New Haven, CT, US Alderley Park and Macclesfield, UK Shanghai, China Osaka, Japan.

The 17 United Nations SDGs are a global call to action to address poverty, injustice, and inequality, while tackling climate change.

To evaluate our contribution we have mapped how our progress and metrics impact the SDG targets.

More than 12.8 million people reached by patient access programmes (cumulative).

NCD prevention information reached 39 countries healthcare programmes (cumulative) through our Young Health Programme.

In 2022, avoided 2,129 tonnes of waste by selling it as a by product.

Leading Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) Health Systems Task Force to accelerate the transition to net zero health systems.

Over 10.5 million trees planted since 2020 through.

PHSSR continues to expand and act as a driver for policy improvements in the countries where it is active.

Sustainability overviewSustainability overviewEnvironmental protectionEthics and transparencyAccess to healthcareFootnotes The AstraZeneca Board of Directors approves our sustainability strategy and reviews our internal sustainability scorecard each quarter.

Our sustainability strategy is developed by our Senior Executive Team (SET) with governance provided by our Board of Directors and relevant Board Committees, in particular the Board Sustainability Committee, which assesses progress and helps ensure we move forward in the most impactful way.

With effect from January 2023, on the retirement of the EVP Sustainability and Chief Compliance Officer, responsibility for Sustainability passed to our EVP Operations, Information Technology and Sustainability.

In 2021, the Board established a Sustainability Committee to monitor the implementation of our sustainability strategy, oversee communication of sustainability activities with stakeholders, and provide input to the Board and other Board Committees on sustainability matters.

During 2022, the Committee held two formal meetings and considered topics such as: embedding sustainability across AstraZeneca, including in the product lifecycle reviewing how environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks are managed reviewing the enterprise wide approach to our Access to healthcare strategy and supporting work on the compensation of ESG objectives.

In addition, the Committee facilitated a deep dive session for the Board on progress against our Ambition Zero Carbon targets.

Committee members also visited AstraZeneca’s R D and Manufacturing supply site in Macclesfield, UK, and met with a range of employees working across our sustainability strategic priorities.

The SET, led by our CEO, develops our sustainability strategy and is accountable for specific sustainability initiatives.

They review our internal sustainability scorecard each quarter.

In 2022, the EVP Sustainability and Chief Compliance Officer was responsible for the overall sustainability strategy execution, including measuring progress on targets and working with leaders to ensure alignment with business priorities.

Considering the interests of our stakeholders is fundamental to our Sustainability strategy.

Foremost among our stakeholder groups as a company are our patients including via patient communities and advocacy groups.

Other priority stakeholders are payers including governments, particularly in relation to access to healthcare, the investor community on ESG matters and healthcare professionals (HCPs), with a focus on development and delivery of medicines.

We also work closely with academia and R D partners across the healthcare and environmental fields, as well as our industry peers and other major companies with a shared ambition to tackle sustainability challenges, through global policy and industry forums.

We partner with governmental and non governmental bodies across our sustainability priorities.

In addition, our suppliers are key to the achievement of many of our environmental targets and our commitments to ethical behaviour and transparency.

We also aim to have a positive impact in the communities where we operate.

Last but not least, we have an extensive process of communication and engagement with our employees, who are critical to the achievement of our sustainability goals.

For more details on the interests, engagements, and outcomes of contact with these and other stakeholder groups, please see 'Connecting with our stakeholders' in the Corporate Governance section of our Annual Report (pages 86 88 and 217).

We value the diverse perspectives of internal and external stakeholders, which help to shape our sustainability strategy and guide its implementation.

We periodically seek input from stakeholders through materiality assessments, as well as through regular engagements.

We welcome transparent dialogue through a range of communication channels online, face to face and in groups.

Our sustainability strategy is guided by the materiality assessment we conducted in 2021, which identified the issues that matter most to AstraZeneca and our stakeholders and showed where we can have a positive impact.

We assess the relevance of our strategy and material focus areas annually, through continuous dialogue with our stakeholders and horizon scanning for emerging sustainability topics.

This process confirmed that our existing focus areas remained a priority in 2022.

We have nine material focus areas grouped under three interconnected strategic priority pillars, each of which is detailed in this Report, along with relevant targets, goals and examples of sustainability in action.

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, a universal blueprint for prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.

We want to transform healthcare to secure a future where all people have access to affordable, sustainable, and innovative healthcare.

Everyone should have access to healthcare, no matter who they are or where they live.

This is critical across the patient care pathway from prevention, early detection and diagnosis to the effective treatment of disease.

We are working to remove barriers to access and innovating to deliver our life changing medicines in a sustainable and equitable way, through global, regional and local partnerships.

Central to this is our commitment to promoting prevention, increasing access to treatments, and strengthening global health system resilience and sustainability.

In 2022, the Access to Medicine Foundation recognised AstraZeneca as third overall out of the 20 companies on the 2022 Access to Medicine Index, and first for Product Delivery, with second place for Governance of Access and sixth for Research and Development, our highest ranking to date.

Innovating to deliver life changing medicines and future proof global health systems.

Partnering to improve health equity for patients now and in the long term.

Transforming healthcare to secure a future where all people have equitable access to treatment.

We collaborate on our Access to healthcare material focus areas on a cross functional basis to deliver our strategy and measure progress.

Your health should not be determined by who you are, where you live or where you were born.

We are working to remove barriers to healthcare and give everyone the chance to be as healthy as possible.

Embed practices into the product portfolio to drive equitable access to healthcare including digital health, clinical trial diversity, patient centricity, investing in rare diseases, open innovation, and Intellectual Property (IP) sharing arrangements.

AstraZeneca is committed to improving equitable access to healthcare for patients globally, including to our innovative product portfolio.

Our approach includes integrating programmes into local systems and delivering affordable medicines to patients.

Addressing unmet medical need and barriers to access.

Increasing the speed and breadth of patient access Driving excellence in product life cycle management.

Understanding the long term impacts of scientific advances.

We are playing our part to address health inequities and eliminate discrimination from the delivery of healthcare.

As a company at the forefront of scientific and medical innovation, we are also harnessing the latest digital technologies to support improved access.

This includes using the power of data and analytics for early diagnosis, and expanding access to the latest medical research and training for healthcare professionals.

We are committed to designing clinical programmes with equity at the forefront from idea inception to patient care.

Our approach includes increasing the diversity of clinical trial participants so trials better reflect the patients who may use our medicines, which ensures we have a robust and reliable body of evidence.

Therapies are only available for 5% of more than 7,000 rare diseases.5 We believe people with rare diseases deserve the same attention and investment into finding therapies as anyone else.

We supply medicines for rare diseases through our patient support and expanded access programmes and are working to expand the geographies where our rare disease medicines are available.

In every society, economic and supply barriers as well as geographic impediments inhibit universal access to high quality evidence based healthcare.

In developing countries there is an epidemiological shift from the prevalence of communicable to non communicable diseases,6 but local healthcare provision varies in quality, and the systems may not be in place to tackle this growing burden.

Programmes to control priority public health conditions also need to recognise the importance of the economic and social determinants of health.

Creating holistic approaches to localisation, which includes collaboration with governments and utilising local expertise to identify and address shared priorities.

Collaborating in cross sector partnerships to improve health outcomes.

Reach 50 million people (cumulative) through Healthy Heart Africa, Young Health Programme (YHP), and Healthy Lung programme.

Our A.Catalyst Network is comprised of more than 20 AstraZeneca health innovation hubs, combining physical locations and virtual partnerships.

Address current healthcare challenges Increase affordable and equitable access to healthcare.

Scale and showcase patient enabled innovation through partnerships within the health ecosystem.

The network embodies AstraZeneca’s commitment to advancing cutting edge science and building a sustainable future, acting as a catalyst to develop life changing solutions for patients.

In 2022, we expanded the network by adding new hubs in Colombia, Peru and Spain.

In 2022, over 2 million patients were reached across the A.Catalyst Network through innovative solutions.

Project Heart Beat, using India based Tricog Health’s InstaECG machine enabling local HCPs to upload electrocardiograms (ECGs) to the cloud, where the data are interpreted by specialists using a purpose built app.

If the screening process confirms the diagnosis of a heart attack, the patient is referred to an appropriate health facility.

On average, detection using this technology takes just three minutes, and has helped doctors at poorly equipped primary healthcare centres to correctly diagnose 44,235 patients with a total of 21,348 cases of myocardial infarction identified and referred to tertiary care centres for appropriate intervention by cardiologists.

Fuel Africa, a health innovation programme launched by Futurize in partnership with AstraZeneca and Microsoft, and co funded by Bristol Myers Squibb and Famfa Oil, is making connections across African universities via a virtual, immersive programme and competition to create new healthcare solutions.

Harnessing digital technology has helped to create one of the largest cross university and international innovation programmes in Africa, turning students into entrepreneurs who are generating digital healthcare solutions.

In 2022, we connected 1,200 students from 12 universities in seven African countries.

Our A.Catalyst Network collective ambition is to address current healthcare challenges, increase affordable and equitable access to healthcare, and scale and showcase patient enabled innovation through partnerships.

The COVID 19 pandemic accelerated the science behind vaccines and preventative medicines.

We have delivered billions of doses of a COVID 19 vaccine to more than 180 countries across the world and on an equitable basis, supplying our vaccine at cost during the pandemic.

We were also the first manufacturer to join the COVAX facility working for equitable access to COVID 19 vaccines.

In 2022, we launched an initiative in collaboration with the Kenya Ministry of Health, partnering with Amref Health Africa to deploy Mobile Vaccination Clinics (MVCs) to help protect hard to reach communities from the pandemic.

The 10 MVCs will supply COVID 19 vaccines and other health services, increasing vaccine access and uptake, and providing education, screening, and care.

By the end of 2022, six MVCs were ready for use and 10,700 people had been vaccinated since launch.

The clinics are equipped with back up solar power and solar powered fridges, which reduces their environmental impact and maximises freedom of movement into the heart of communities.

Data is reported through on site web enabled computers.

The clinics will bolster health system infrastructure preparedness and resilience in Kenya, through the provision of services to those in need and in response to increasing prevalence of non communicable diseases (NCDs).

In 2022, we joined the World Economic Forum’s EDISON Alliance, a public private partnership that aims to improve the lives of 1 billion people through digital inclusion by 2025, with a focus on underserved communities.

Our contribution to the 1 Billion Lives Challenge comes from the A.Catalyst Network flagship project in partnership with Qure.ai.

We have committed to screen 5 million patients for lung cancer using AI based technology, and we have analysed approximately 128,000 scans for lung cancer risk across 25 countries, with high malignancy risk lung nodules identified in 1.6% of scans (as at end December 2022).

There are four key principles that drive sustainable affordability: Sustainability: of both the healthcare system and our research led business model.

Value: reflects the clinical benefit of our medicines to patients, and the broader impact on society, along with the positive economic impact to the healthcare system by reducing the need for additional medical intervention.

Access: collaboration with payers and providers on solutions to enable sustainable access to our medicines.

Flexibility: in pricing to reflect variation in health system needs and ability to pay.

Value based agreements enable patient access while reducing uncertainty of payers (clinical or economic) by linking access, reimbursement, or price, to real world clinical benefit or other agreed terms.

AstraZeneca works closely with governments to create agreements, based on local real world data, and which are tailored to address unmet needs.

Patient assistance programmes use fully donated product without expectation of payment from the patient for any portion or to access the programme.

Our largest Patient Assistance Programme is AZ Me in the United States, which provides eligible patients with AstraZeneca medicines free of charge.

Patient affordability programmes aim to close the gap in the ability to pay for out of pocket patients (paying for their own medicines) and are active in more than 20 low and middle income countries (LMICs)9.

As a global company with an active presence in some 85 countries and product sales in approximately 130 countries in 2022, most of our key markets have experienced challenges which affect our flexibility to offer discounts and other affordability initiatives.

These include pricing controls, reimbursement mechanisms and cost containment measures, plus a high frequency of regulatory changes.

We continue to expect downward pressure on prices, affecting the profitability levels of our medicines in various markets.

In addition, supply chain complexity increases costs, and the economic downturn is adversely affecting ability to pay (where applicable).

There are also obstacles such as rising prices for new medicines shortages and stock outs, especially to treat NCDs, and a growing problem of counterfeit medicines entering the supply chain.

We are committed to addressing barriers to access and affordability.

Industry, policymakers, and payers need to work together to identify solutions.

Through collaborations, partnerships, and stakeholder coalitions we are working to ensure essential and innovative medicines become more widely available.

Our tailored access strategies were recognised by the 2022 Access to Medicine Index as industry leading in the Product Delivery category.

Drive accessibility of medicines for diverse, equitable, and inclusive patient groups, through company policy and programming, including core pricing principles and access programmes.

The focus of this programme was a targeted therapy for lung cancer, with the objective to optimise access in LMICs9 through an access driven reimbursement programme.

Revisiting the pricing approach to apply a right pricing model based on gross price, net price, and tiered pricing.

Engaging HCPs through education, resources, outreach, engagement.

Shaping policy to prioritise support for oncology funding.

Supporting healthcare systems testing, diagnosis, tumour group establishment, clinics, cold chain support, infusion on site or at home.

Strengthening marketing company capabilities local commitments to cross functional planning, pricing and access strategy.

The initiative has initially been implemented in five markets: Egypt, India, Malaysia, Mexico and Vietnam.

Collaborating with the International Market Access team each market has identified local needs, including diagnostics, patient support programmes, resourcing, and capability assessment.

It will reach more than 10,000 additional patients in the next five years in international markets.

Our PUMUA Breathe initiative makes low cost, high quality respiratory medicines available at a significant discount in selected countries in Africa.

The programme also makes respiratory equipment for asthma management available in all participating countries.

Building on the 800 nebulisation stations activated in 2021 in Kenya, Ghana, C te d’Ivoire, Ethiopia, and Senegal, in 2022 an additional 123 nebulisation stations were activated in C te d’Ivoire, Senegal and Cameroon.

The programme also established Centres of Excellence (COEs) for asthma care, starting in Kenyatta National Hospital, Kenya.

In total, 20 COEs were established in Kenya in 2022, for medical and scientific education, patient experience mapping and support.

In 2021 we entered into a partnership with diagnostics company AmoyDx to make genetic testing for ovarian cancer more affordable, in order to improve access to testing which identifies homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), a biomarker for cancer.

By the end of 2022, we had installed a total of 14 AmoyDX labs for HRD testing in LMICs9 across our International Commercial region, which together tested 6,220 patients by year end, in addition to 3,915 tested in 2021.

In order to address a gap in home based care for children with asthma in Egypt, we partnered with Medel, a medical devices company and the Paediatric Association for Asthma and Nutrition, to launch an initiative to provide access to nebulisers at a significant discount and support affordable access to treatment for asthma.

Medel reduced the price of the nebulisers by 50% and AstraZeneca contributed a further 20%, bringing the total discount to 70%.

The programme was launched in March 2021 and by the end of October 2022 had reached 15,000 patients.

Awareness of the programme was supported by a campaign launched on digital and media channels.

In 2022, with demand increasing for preventative and therapeutic healthcare, we took action to ensure an affordability mindset was embedded alongside our business goals.

We created an internal Global Patient Affordability Programmes Dashboard, based on reliable, consistent data, that can easily be viewed at global, regional, and country levels.

We also generated a bank of success stories to show the range of initiatives being undertaken.

The Dashboard enables us to standardise our approach and provide guidance to expand our affordability programmes, in new countries or disease areas, while learning from best practice sharing.

To ensure consistency across the company we aligned on the key performance indicators and definitions.

We now have a view across markets running similar programmes, enabling insights into the performance of different initiatives.

This has raised the standard of internal reporting which provides us with valuable data to share internally and externally.

In 2022, we tracked 158 active programmes across 26 countries, mainly but not exclusively in LMICs,9 reaching more than 1.27 million patients.

We now have a view across markets running similar programmes, enabling insights into the performance of different initiatives.

This has raised the standard of internal reporting which provides us with valuable data.

During the COVID 19 pandemic, we saw the need for health systems to adapt to ever changing societal and economic circumstances to cope with shocks and crisis situations.

Strengthen health systems by advocating for health system reform and policy building capabilities to address unmet medical need, improve access to quality healthcare and provide solutions along a continuum of care from prevention, awareness, diagnosis, and treatment to post treatment and wellness and committing to disaster relief, grants, and donations.

Sustainable healthcare for all requires investment in strengthening health systems, to deliver an infrastructure designed to be responsive to the needs of the population it serves.

Each of our Access to healthcare focus areas aims to contribute to health system resilience.

We are investing in ground breaking global collaborations, company initiatives, local partnerships and fast tracked innovation to give access to higher quality healthcare for more people worldwide.

Improving preparedness for future shocks and enhancing international coordination on key processes such as scenario planning, response protocols and reserve capacities.

Optimising the location and focus of patient care through digital technologies.

Addressing the social, economic, and ecological costs of disease through targeted prevention measures.

Improving the effectiveness of care for chronic diseases through defining, implementing, and monitoring improved quality of care standards.

Working with stakeholders on multi sector prevention and control measures that are optimised to address risk factors and local challenges, while leveraging our experience in health programming.

Ensuring programming is locally and culturally appropriate.

Using our global footprint to scale partnerships and collaborations.

Establishing mechanisms for collaboration with our partners, for example through joint coordination, planning, follow up and agreement to a set of core indicators for monitoring and evaluation.

Train 170,000 healthcare workers (cumulative) to strengthen health systems throughout the world through our Healthy Heart Africa and Healthy Lung programmes.

The shifting burden of disease, financial and geopolitical crises and the frequency of extreme weather events, all put pressure on health systems.

These may range from national or local disruptions to pandemics with substantial global impact such as COVID 19 and the recent Ebola outbreaks.

Increasing the capacity of health systems to respond more quickly and effectively to new challenges may increase health system resilience.

We work across the company to develop an innovative product portfolio that drives positive global health outcomes, and devise access programmes that focus on strengthening healthcare systems through training of healthcare providers.

With this approach we respond to the need for medicines and treatments, while also supporting longer term health system resilience.

This collaboration between the London School of Economics, the World Economic Forum and AstraZeneca continued its work to strengthen global health systems, now active in over 30 countries worldwide.

Joined by other global level partners including Philips, KPMG, WHO Foundation and the Center for Asia Pacific Resilience and Innovation, the PHSSR continues to expand and act as the driver for policy improvements in the countries where it is active.

During 2022, the partnership’s in depth health system research progressed in 13 new Phase 2 countries, and main findings were presented at the PHSSR Global Summit in November 2022, covering key themes from workforce and health service delivery, finance and governance, to the role of technology in strengthening health systems.

These latest findings highlight the importance of prioritising prevention and early intervention in NCDs, as well as climate change, to strengthen the resilience and sustainability of health systems.

Our HHA programme is committed to reducing hypertension and the burden of cardiovascular disease, aiming to reach 10 million people with elevated blood pressure across Africa by 2025.

We work with local and global partners to raise awareness and offer training, screening, and reduced cost treatment, where applicable.

By the end of 2022, the programme had conducted more than 32 million blood pressure screenings and trained over 10,600 healthcare workers since launch in 2014.

In 2022, the programme expanded into Nigeria and entered into a new partnership in Zanzibar.

In December, it was announced that the programme will expand into 10 more countries, starting in 2023.

The 2022 Access to Medicine Index recognised the programme as an industry Best Practice in the category Scaling up inclusive business models to expand access to medicines for non communicable diseases .

In March 2022, we launched Accelerating Change Together (ACT) for Cancer Care, a new coalition which seeks to drive equitable access to innovative treatments and screening programmes to detect cancer earlier.

In November 2022, we launched Cancer Care Africa under the ACT initiative (ACT CCA), to address the burden of disease across the continent.

Over the next three years, ACT CCA aims to drive screening and diagnostics covering one million people across cancer types, and to provide training for more than 10,000 healthcare professionals across 100 oncology centres.

Latest PHSSR findings highlight the importance of prioritising prevention and early intervention to strengthen the resilience and sustainability of health systems.

In 2022, the Lung Ambition Alliance, of which AstraZeneca is a founding member, established the Lung Cancer Policy Network, an initiative aimed at elevating lung cancer as a policy priority worldwide, which launched with a report and an interactive map.

The report, Lung cancer screening: learning from implementation’, draws on expertise and experience from local lung cancer screening programmes around the world to outline how specific challenges have been addressed in practice, with the aim of providing useful guidance for implementation elsewhere.

The interactive map, designed to facilitate policy level discussions, collates research conducted globally on the implementation of non invasive low dose computed tomography (LDCT) screening which is more precise and uses less radiation than a conventional CT scan enabling users to explore case studies that can inform and promote LDCT implementation in new locations.

The map also allows users to compare simple country level indicators to help build an understanding of the current policy contexts for the early detection of lung cancer.

Since 2010, AstraZeneca’s YHP has empowered young people aged 10 to 24 to make informed choices about their health, to reduce the risk factors that contribute to NCDs such as cancer, diabetes, respiratory and heart disease.

In collaboration with our partners around the world, including UNICEF and Plan International, the YHP supports research, advocacy, education and the development of young people.

By the end of December 2022, the programme had reached over nine million young people with health information and trained more than 260,000 young people as peer educators in 39 countries.

In 2022, through our partnership with UNICEF, eight policies and laws have been adopted, updated or upheld in six countries to be more protective of adolescent health.

To further our commitment to gender and health equity, our YHP awarded 160,000 in grants to 16 small, women led non profit organisations working to improve young people’s health in their communities.

We also welcomed over 580 young women from 41 countries into our offices around the world during International Day of the Girl, in collaboration with Plan International, to deepen the awareness of issues perpetuating gender and health inequalities and to provide unique leadership opportunities.

Young women stepped into senior leadership positions for a day, shared their views and engaged in discussions on important health and sustainability topics, with many receiving ongoing mentorships and coaching from our employees.

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, a universal blueprint for prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.

Beyond the benefits of our medicines to patients, our contribution to society must respect our environment and ensure the sustainable use of the planet’s finite natural resources.

We know that a healthy environment is critical for human health.

Climate change and the degradation of ecosystems are already impacting human health and undermining the capacity of health systems.

Bold climate action and investments in nature and biodiversity are vital to improve health outcomes.

The environmental challenge is multifaceted a systems level approach is needed to deliver better healthcare outcomes with a lower environmental footprint.

There is increasing focus on the environmental footprint of goods and services and companies are under greater environmental scrutiny, reinforcing the need to have robust scientific evidence underpinning environmental targets and performance.

At AstraZeneca, we manage our Environmental Protection material focus areas in an integrated way.

Sustainable product design, sourcing, and manufacturing means lower natural resource use, reduced chemical and water demand, and less waste and pollution, as well as a lower carbon footprint.

We are using a science led approach to lower the economic and environmental burden of healthcare, while improving health outcomes.

To achieve this, we are accelerating the delivery of net zero healthcare, proactively managing our environmental impact across all activities, and investing in nature and biodiversity.

We are demonstrating that business growth can be achieved while reducing environmental impacts but there is more to do.

By investing in new ways of working and through innovative partnerships, we can maximise the efficiency of how we use natural resources to further reduce our footprint.

Through our Ambition Zero Carbon strategy, we are pursuing ambitious decarbonisation targets, accelerating our progress towards net zero, and managing the risks and opportunities presented by climate change.

In addition to our general approach to governance, our executive led Ambition Zero Carbon Governance Group is accountable for the delivery of Ambition Zero Carbon.

In 2022, this high level group included our CEO, CFO, the EVP, Sustainability and Chief Compliance Officer, and the EVP, Operations and IT.

Since 2021, delivery of Ambition Zero Carbon Scope 1 and 2 commitments has been included in our executive incentive arrangements for the Performance Share Plan (PSP), with a weighting of 10%.

The guide for our Environmental Management System is embedded in our Code of Ethics supported by our Safety, Health, and Environment (SHE) policy standard.

Our SHE management system is implemented in line with recognised international standards such as ISO 14001 and 50001.

It ensures the environmental risks of our activities are assessed, operational controls are in place, checks are completed through a risk based audit programme led by an independent organisation and there is an annual management review process.

To drive our climate action initiatives and meet our environmental targets, we have a dedicated Natural Resource Efficiency Fund, which has invested approximately 150 million in environmental efficiency innovations since 2015.

This, together with other central capital investments, has seen a further 26.6 million spent2 in 2022, including 31 new projects.

A TCFD steering group with cross functional membership has oversight of the physical and transitional risks and opportunities posed to AstraZeneca by climate change.

The identification and assessment of climate risk forms part of our existing risk management processes.

Failure to meet regulatory and ethical expectations on environmental impact, including climate change’ is a component of the Group’s risk landscape but is not currently considered to be a Principal Risk for the Group.

We are incorporating climate resilience across our operations and value chain, mitigating the risks, and exploring the opportunities that the transition to a low carbon economy presents to the healthcare sector.

Climate change is increasing levels of ill health, including a rise in chronic conditions such as heart disease, stroke, lung cancer and respiratory diseases.

Achieve net zero by avoiding GHG emissions through our facility and product design, maximising our energy efficiency, shifting to renewable energy sources, transitioning to an electric vehicle (EV) fleet, and investing in nature based removals to compensate for any residual GHG footprint.

Build resilience by managing the physical (sites, supply chain) and transitional (regulatory, market and product) risks and opportunities arising from climate change in the value chain through adaptation and business continuity planning.

We follow the science and focus our activities on delivering absolute reductions in all our direct and indirect GHG emissions sources across the value chain Scopes 1, 2 and 3.

Through Ambition Zero Carbon, we are on track to reduce GHG emissions from our global operations (Scope 1 and 2) by 98% by 2026 from a 2015 baseline.

We were one of the first seven companies to have our net zero Scope 1 3 targets verified under the Science Based Targets Initiative's Net Zero Corporate Standard.

We were the first pharmaceutical company to sign up to all three of the following Climate Group initiatives: by the end of 2025 we will reduce absolute energy use and double energy productivity compared with 2015 (EP100) we will use 100% renewable energy for electricity (RE100) and heat and we will maximise our transition to EVs in our road fleet (EV100).

We aim to halve our entire value chain footprint by 2030, on the way to a 90% reduction by 2045 from a 2019 baseline.

By 2030 we will become carbon negative for all residual emissions.

We are engaging across our entire value chain to measure and reduce our Scope 3 emissions.

We have set the goal that by the end of 2025, 95% of our spend in Scope 3 Categories 1 (purchased goods and services) and 2 (capital goods), and 50% of our spend in Scope 3 categories 4 (upstream transportation) and 6 (business travel) will be with companies that have science based targets (SBTs) to limit global warming to 1.5C.

We will launch our first next generation respiratory inhalers with near zero climate impact by 2025.

To address current supply, access and infrastructure constraints (see Challenges below), in 2022 we have increased our focus on energy efficiency and on site renewables, strengthened internal energy reduction targets and in 2022 invested 26.6 million2 through our Natural Resource Efficiency Fund together with other central capital investments.

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 98% from 2015 base year.

Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 59.3% since 2015, a reduction of 383 kilotonnes CO2e.

Variations in supplier maturity on climate issues create challenges in aligning our expectations of suppliers.

Working towards an increased understanding is resource intensive and creates further challenge for the scale up to a significant proportion of the supply chain.

Access to renewable sources of heat will continue to be a challenge, exacerbated in 2022 by the energy crisis and a slowdown in supply of relevant goods.

The EV transition is being impeded and even prevented in some markets by a lack of vehicles, EV infrastructure and supply chain issues.

This situation is expected to continue for the medium term.

From 2022, and for the foreseeable future we are not able to purchase renewable electricity certificates for our operations in Russia, leading to an increase in reported Scope 2 emissions.

The potential changes to GHG accounting rules for market instruments in the World Resources Institute's GHG Protocol Corporate Standard create significant uncertainty at a time when we are making long term investment decisions, for example on biomethane production facilities.

We continue to engage with the consultation processes.

Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 50% by 2030 and 90% by 2045, from a 2019 base year.

Total Scope 3 increased by 8.6% from a 2019 baseline and Scope 3 intensity reduced by 28.1%.

Significant increase in use of primary data and suppliers setting SBTs will support future absolute emissions reductions towards 2030 target.

We will follow the science and deliver absolute reductions in all our direct and indirect sources, of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), doing our part to limit the impacts of climate change while unlocking opportunities to deliver improved healthcare in a low carbon economy.

Scope 1 2 reduction targets are measured from a 2015 base year.

In 2022, we invested 26.6 million in energy efficiency and on site renewable energy through our dedicated Natural Resource Efficiency Fund together with other central capital investments.

We have achieved a 14.4% absolute reduction in total energy consumption from our 2015 baseline and we are committed to using 100% renewable energy sources to meet all our needs by the end of 2025.

Additionality investments and energy purchase agreements deliver on site or new to grid renewable energy capacity.

We are aiming for over half of our renewable energy globally to come from new sources.

Geographic relevance energy purchase agreements deliver real world GHG emissions reductions by displacing fossil energy sources in the grid systems where we consume that energy.

Temporal relevance energy attribute certificates (EACs) that are tagged with the time and date of generation can improve the utilisation of renewable energy sources and deliver real world GHG emissions reductions.

We are aiming to better understand and improve the alignment between when our energy is generated and consumed.

In 2021, we transitioned to 100% imported electricity from certified renewable sources through purchasing certificates from the same country, and same year, as our consumption.

As we were unable to purchase renewable electricity certificates for Russia in 2022, this reduced to 99%.

In 2022, we joined the Eurelectric led 24 7 taskforce to learn about measuring and improving the temporal relevance of our energy procurement.

We recognise the many benefits of self generated renewables to site energy costs, resilience, temporal relevance and employee engagement, and have committed 23.1 million over 2022 2024 to on site solar photovoltaic (PV) installations at ten sites in eight countries.

Once operational, the total output from all our on site solar PV will be 27 GWh of electricity, equivalent to over 3% of our global electricity use.

There is a limit to the scale that can be achieved through on site solar PV, and so to deliver additional renewables with good geographic and temporal relevance, we are aiming to meet the majority of our electricity needs in our primary consumption locations Sweden, UK and US through new power purchase agreements (PPAs) in the grids where we operate.

Access to certified low and zero carbon fuels and imported heating and cooling sources globally is very limited.

We are striving to develop new sustainable sources in order to achieve our Ambition Zero Carbon targets.

Our approach to each of our locations prioritises demand reduction in the first instance and the assessment of electrification options, such as heat pumps and electric boilers, while also looking at substitution of fossil fuels, mostly gas, with sustainable alternative fuels and a preference for innovative and new to grid solutions.

Building on a UK partnership for biomethane that was signed with Future Biogas in 2021, in 2022 we have focused on developing a solution for our US sites that are collectively our largest consuming market for fossil gas globally.

We are investing in energy efficiency and some selective electrification to reduce our gas demand, while working on a collaboration opportunity for the production and supply of renewable natural gas (RNG) or biomethane.

Data: We are working to build transparent supply chains by asking our partners to assess and disclose their GHG emissions to the CDP Supply Chain Programme, with 480 suppliers (58% of in scope spend).

Through the SMI we are partnering across the healthcare sector to accelerate the delivery of net zero health systems, including through decarbonising supply chains and patient care pathways.

SMI: Through the Sustainable Markets Initiative Health Systems Task Force, convened by AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot, we are partnering across the healthcare sector to accelerate the delivery of net zero health systems, including through decarbonising supply chains and patient care pathways.

At COP27 in Egypt, we launched sector first commitments and actions to decarbonise supply chains, patient care pathways and leverage digital innovation.

Suppliers: In 2021, we joined the launch of Energize, a collaboration between Schneider Electric and 10 global pharmaceutical companies to facilitate access to renewable power at scale for our suppliers.

Since launch, the Energize collaboration has grown to 16 sponsoring companies and formed its first PPA buyers’ cohort.

So far, over 210 AstraZeneca suppliers registered with the programme and 54% undertook Scope 3 training.

Products: We are tackling 15% of our Scope 3 footprint through product innovation.

This project, operational in 2022, included a 3.2 million investment in 2021 in a solar field with battery energy storage at our iPR Pharmaceuticals AZ Puerto Rico manufacturing site.

Coupled with a combined heat and power plant installed in 2018, the energy infrastructure reduces GHG emissions and imported energy needs and increases site resilience to hurricanes that are becoming stronger due to climate change.

People and the planet benefit from those medicines which have the smallest possible environmental impact, yet maintain the highest medical efficacy and safety standards.

As technologies and healthcare systems evolve, so should solutions to reduce energy, water, material use, waste and pollution generated from designing, manufacturing and delivering medicines to patients.

Follow processes throughout the life cycle of our products with the aim of understanding and addressing their environmental impact from discovery through development and production, to launch of a new product and to end of product life.

To deliver medicines that improve patient outcomes and minimise the burden on the planet, we evaluate and aim to address the environmental impact of materials and processes across the entire product value chain.

We have implemented an internal Product Sustainability Index (PSI) to understand the environmental impacts of our products and inform improvement plans.

We also lead our industry in the management of Pharmaceuticals in the Environment (PIE) and promote responsible product stewardship.

Integrated business processes to ensure safety, health and environmental aspects are considered throughout drug development, with guidance on environmental assessment of active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing, formulation, packaging and devices.

Targets for API manufacturing emissions from both AstraZeneca and our external supply sites.

We conduct, fund and support research on the environmental impact of our products and apply the principles of green chemistry in our business.

Our life cycle assessment (LCA) programme determines the type and magnitude of environmental impacts across our product value chains and is in line with ISO standards 14040 and 14044.

In 2022 we completed our first LCA studies within the Rare Disease Therapy Area, as part of the integration of Alexion into our Product Sustainability programmes.

In 2021, we were the first company to launch an Ecopharmacovigilance (EPV) dashboard.

This shares data on the relative risks of APIs where traces have been detected in the environment as an unintended, but inevitable, consequence of patients using our life changing medicines.

The data are made transparent in the Environmental Risk Assessment documents on our website.

Emerging sustainability policies: Several essential medicines for respiratory diseases including pressurised metered dose inhalers (pMDIs) rely on fluorinated gases (F gases) as propellants.

Governments are drafting legislation to phase out F gas usage.

AstraZeneca supports the goal of net zero targets recognising the significant positive impact it could have on climate and health.

It is critical, however, that any climate legislation evolves to avoid the risk of limiting access to life saving inhaled medicines and thus, to protect both people and the planet.

As part of the European Commission's pollution reduction strategy, updates and changes to pharmaceutical and chemicals regulations could influence the way medicines are manufactured and approved in future.

Monitoring these regulatory risks and proactively managing the chemicals used in our processes will help minimise the impact on supply of medicines to patients.

Since 2015, 67% of projects (six of nine) have met defined resource efficiency targets at launch.

In 2022, we have integrated data from our monoclonal antibody (mAb) products for the first time, but one mAb product launched in 2022 narrowly missed the target.

Although there were no in scope small molecule API products launched, we achieved a process mass intensity (PMI) reduction of 23% across the late stage project portfolio.

Ensure 100% of AstraZeneca site discharges and 90% of supplier site discharges are in compliance with safe API discharge concentrations.

Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA).

One aim is to develop tools to identify potential environmental risks of APIs earlier in drug development and make these tools and data more accessible to all stakeholders.

In 2022, PREMIER published a concept letter in collaboration with regulators, academics, and industry, to launch a dialogue around greener design that could help minimise the impact on the environment after they are excreted from patients.

Work to understand the sourcing of natural resources will continue to ensure we minimise any adverse impacts on nature.

In 2022, we published two care pathway case studies for seasonal influenza and chronic kidney disease.

These studies estimate the GHG emissions associated with the management of these illnesses in the UK.

We are working with our industry to prepare the extended ERA (eERA) proposal to strengthen the ERA process in Europe.

This includes providing a framework to address concerns over pharmaceuticals in the environment, while maintaining supply of medicines to patients.

In 2022, we conducted a comprehensive survey of all our paper based packaging suppliers.

We determined that 97.5%1 of materials used in our products were sourced from sustainably managed forests, achieving our sustainable packaging target.

Work to understand the sourcing of natural resources will continue to ensure we minimise any adverse impacts on nature.

In 2022, AstraZeneca announced it was partnering with Honeywell to deliver on a key product related element of our Ambition Zero Carbon strategy to develop the next generation pMDI using HFO 1234ze, a near zero global warming potential (GWP) propellant.

This is a significant innovation given the level of clinical need.

We expect this fixed dose triple combination therapy to be the first medicine to transition to the next generation pMDI platform, subject to regulatory approval, and made significant progress in 2022 to advance its clinical programme in coordination with key regulatory authorities.

Positive Phase I data were presented at the 2022 American Thoracic Society (ATS) congress and British Thoracic Society (BTS) Winter Meeting.

As well as our own Safe API Discharge programme, AstraZeneca has been supporting the industry through initiatives such as the Inter Associations Initiative (IAI) Responsible Manufacturing Effluent Management Technical Guidance Document and playing a leading role in the promotion of best practice through the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI).

We have made a significant investment to grow our continuous API manufacturing capability with a pilot scale facility scheduled to be commissioned in 2023 in the UK, at a cost of 19.9 million.

This will help realise more opportunities for continuous processing applications within API manufacture, and bring the benefits of the enhanced sustainability performance of this technology when compared to batch processing.

Our scientists recently developed a new continuous manufacturing process for a key material from our oligonucleotide platform.

Transitioning from batch to continuous manufacturing resulted in higher yield, increased throughput, reduced waste, lowered solvent volumes and energy consumption, and required fewer process reagents.

Together, these improvements considerably lowered the environmental footprint of the material.

LCA studies confirmed that the continuous process outperformed the batch process by greater than 24% across all impact categories modelled, including a 33% reduction in GHG emissions.

This example illustrates that continuous manufacturing technology has a fundamental role to play in the delivery of our Ambition Zero Carbon targets.

The conservation and sustainable use of natural resources and the protection and restoration of ecosystems is vital to shape a healthy future with resilient people and communities, building harmony between society and the natural environment.

Natural resources are essential to produce our medicines and operate our sites.

We are committed to: Reducing our impact on the planet through the efficient, circular use of water and other natural resources across the value chain to ensure responsible sourcing, consumption, production, and disposal.

Protecting and restoring ecosystems to improve health outcomes and tackle environmental drivers of disease, such as water and air quality, through our focus on water stewardship and biodiversity.

We are also furthering our commitment to assess and minimise environmental impacts from our supply chain.

While making progress on our existing responsible sourcing targets, including sustainably sourced paper based packaging and action plans for identified key raw materials, we are building a risk based approach to assess additional new and existing materials’ impacts and dependencies on nature.

This will help prepare us for future reporting to the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) framework as it is further developed.

More detail on our approach to Biodiversity can be found in our position statement.

Supply chains from the pharmaceutical sector are highly complex, making it difficult to define the impacts and dependencies on nature and prioritise our mitigating actions.

Many materials needed to produce medicines are hazardous in nature and difficult to replace, generating waste streams that are challenging to reuse, recycle or repurpose.

These factors mean cross sectoral collaboration with suppliers, regulators, and other companies within our industry are needed to achieve the vision of creating a circular business.

We are committed to reducing our impact on the planet and investing in nature and biodiversity to benefit planetary and societal health.

We recognise that adopting circular business approaches and implementing efficient processes to develop and produce our medicines is key to reducing natural resources used in our value chains.

We are leveraging our experience with lean manufacturing, which includes tools to enhance efficiency and eliminate waste, to build a framework for employees to identify and implement ideas that contribute to our environmental targets.

Our key targets aim to decouple water use and waste generation from business growth, supported by efficiency projects, partnership and engagement with suppliers, and designing out waste and pollution.

In 2022, we increased the ambition of our water use target, now aiming to reduce water use by 20% from 2015 baseline levels in support of water security and resilience in the basins where we operate.

Moving beyond efficiency, within our direct operations, we are working in collaboration with key stakeholders to make positive contributions to nature and local communities where we operate while mitigating risks from a changing climate through Nature based Solutions.

Through our partnership with the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Sweden, we are adopting water stewardship practices in alignment with the Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard and setting contextual targets at high risk sites within our network.

More detail on our approach to Water Stewardship can be found in our position statement.

Water footprint was 3.75 million m3, a 18.7% reduction from 2015.

Total waste was 25,493 tonnes, representing 18.6% reduction from 2015.

Through our commitment to plant and maintain 50 million trees worldwide by the end of 2025, we are investing in projects that will sequester carbon, restore habitats for biodiversity and bring wider co benefits such as improving food security, building climate resilience, and rehabilitating polluted watersheds to improve local water quality.

Forest restoration also helps to reduce the risks of natural disasters, has social and economic benefits for communities, and promotes physical and mental wellbeing.

In partnership with non profit organisations and expert delivery partners focused on global forest restoration, we have planted over 10.5 million trees in Australia, Indonesia, Ghana, US and the UK since 2020.

Over 4 million trees planted, using more than 260 species.

Three million trees in the Bono East Region to reverse habitat degradation and foster community and ecological resilience focusing on natural forest restoration alongside agroforestry and sustainable woodlots.

Over one million trees across England and southern Scotland, restoring forests damaged by pests and diseases and building climate resilience.

One million trees initially focused on Delaware River watershed to improve water quality and sustain native wildlife.

Over 3.1 million trees planted to date, introducing community based agroforestry to more than 12,770 farmers.

Over 1.2 million trees planted, 1,043 in natural forest restoration and 220k fruit and timber trees.

Our manufacturing site in S dert lje has embedded circularity to improve resource efficiency, including: A project to recycle condensate and rejected purified water to produce steam, expected to deliver savings of 150,000 m3 annually, 4% of our global water withdrawals, starting in 2023.

An onsite wastewater treatment plant that increases control over environmental impacts from site discharge.

The heat in the outgoing water is recovered using heat pumps for use elsewhere at the site, saving at least 5 GWh annually.

Our R D site in Gothenburg completed a project to recover and reuse liquid helium, a vital component of super conducting magnets used in research that is a scarce resource, typically sourced from underground supply as a by product of natural gas production.

The site expects to recycle greater than 90% of liquid helium requirements.

We have been named a competition winner for the third year in a row in the My Green Lab 2022 Freezer Challenge.

We have been recognised for our sustainability leadership by CDP, who lead the global disclosure system that supports management of environmental impacts.

For the seventh consecutive year, we achieved a double A rating for our work on Climate Change and Water Security.

In 2022, our Forest score improved and we received B for timber, B for palm oil, and C for cattle products.

We plan to continue our efforts through our Responsible Sourcing Framework.

There is an urgent need to operate within planetary boundaries7 to halt and reverse biodiversity loss.

We support the principles of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and share the 2050 vision of Living in Harmony with Nature’.

Innovation is critical to reduce impact on biodiversity.

For example, we are innovating to identify tools to address the environmental risks of pharmaceuticals and collaborating with experts to utilise leading forest restoration techniques and share learnings from our AZ Forest initiative.

We are also working to follow emerging best practice, for example through disclosure to the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD)8, and by setting science led biodiversity targets, as methodologies such as Science Based Targets for Nature (SBTN)9 evolve.

For more information see our Biodiversity position statement.

Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, a universal blueprint for prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.

Building trust by demonstrating integrity, transparency and fair treatment is central to everything we do, and supports our ability to operate, to innovate and to bring healthcare solutions to more people.

Our shared Values underpin all our activities and serve as a compass to guide us.

We are committed to high ethical standards and full compliance with laws, regulations and internal policies.

We adhere to the codes of IFPMA, EFPIA and PhRMA, of which we are members.

Our dedicated external webpage AZEthics enables any concerns to be raised anonymously.

We seek to create positive societal impact and embed ethical behaviour in all our business activities, markets and value chain.

We promote ethical, transparent and inclusive policies internally as well as with our partners and suppliers.

It is important that we create value beyond the impact our medicines have on patients.

We need to ensure that we retain and increase trust across all our stakeholder groups in order to continue to deliver life changing medicines to patients.

An ethical business culture is essential to successful risk management, and we are committed to increasing public trust in our industry.

Drive the highest standards of conduct and accountability beyond compliance including, but not limited to, anti bribery and anti corruption, product safety, use of human tissue and animals for research, human rights and building supplier capabilities to uphold high social standards.

Our Code of Ethics and Values, which guide everything we do and ensure that we deliver life changing medicines in a responsible way.

We reinforce our commitment to ethical business conduct through annual Code of Ethics training, delivered to all employees and relevant third parties.

We emphasise values based decision making, and encourage our workforce and suppliers to adopt a sustainability mindset that embraces our core Values.

Being visible and transparent about our business supports learning and development for our employees, suppliers and partners, and this is fundamental to meeting the expectations of patients, investors and broader society.

As signatories to the UN Global Compact (UNGC) for the last 12 years, we commit to its Guiding Principles to respect human rights.

We are also committed to the International Labour Organization (ILO) standards on child labour and minimum working age.

We aim to prevent human rights violations by proactively identifying any issues in our business and supply chain and responding promptly with appropriate action.

We continue to benchmark and improve our approach to Human Rights through industry working groups including Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI), Business for Social Responsibility (BSR) and Fair Wage Network with particular focus on due diligence, human rights audits and responsible sourcing initiatives.

We expect all employees and contractors to follow our Global Standard for the Procurement of Goods and Services.

We monitor compliance through assessments and improvement programmes, and all our suppliers and partners must meet our Global Standard on Expectations of Third Parties.

We conduct audits on high risk commercial suppliers (external manufacturing partners) to ensure appropriate practices and controls.

The increase in data privacy and data transfer laws require us to ensure we meet regulatory and stakeholder expectations around data protection and security.

Our Global Privacy Standard as well as internal data governance committees enable us to keep focused on our internal capabilities and response to this evolving environment.

Maintain 100% of active employees trained on the Code of Ethics.

Improve the AstraZeneca global biennial human rights survey results and use Fair Wage Network data to more robustly assess our performance against local living wage data.

The biennial human rights survey has been completed by 74 countries and action plans are in progress.

The analysis of Fair Wage Network data has enabled us to ensure we continue to pay a fair living wage globally.

Our Positive Sourcing Programme embeds responsible sourcing practices in end to end procurement processes and promotes ethical behaviour among our suppliers.

Our ambition is to achieve 100% ethical spend, ensuring we only work with suppliers that share our Values.

Our approach fosters our suppliers’ progress on sustainability, enables us to innovate together on challenges and accelerates supplier diversity.

To achieve our goal, in 2022 we continued our partnership with EcoVadis to assess our suppliers’ environmental, ethical, and social performance, with 53% of our suppliers (by spend) that were assessed achieving an acceptable score of more than 45.

Animal studies remain a small, but necessary, part of the process of developing new medicines, until we have suitable technological alternatives.

Some studies are carried out to explore the science behind diseases and potential treatments, while other studies are required by regulators before new medicines can be put through trials in humans.

In all cases, we maintain high standards of animal care and welfare and ensure that the principles of the 3Rs (Replacement, Reduction and Refinement of animals in research) are applied.

In 2022, Alexion’s Patient Experience Team expanded three unique patient centric programmes, including into the wider AstraZeneca enterprise, that enable our employees to understand our patients' experiences across our rare disease therapeutic areas, and help improve health outcomes.

LEAP learning sessions immerse employees in the patient journey from the patients' perspectives.

This simulation experience is integrated in the new AstraZeneca employee onboarding programme, market business launch planning and several other company programmes.

In 2022, we developed five new LEAP simulations, conducted over 90 sessions worldwide, and over 1,700 employees participated in at least one session.

STAR is Alexion’s patient value solution incubator.

The STAR team meets with patients and other stakeholders to identify development solutions and strategies that create meaningful value for patients.

Burden of disease, clinical data, patient insights and critical inflection points on the patient journey moments that matter are recorded in STAR Factbooks.

In 2022, over 300 employees participated in one or more STAR Patient Forums.

The STAR outputs have also been shared across several AstraZeneca teams, which are incorporating insights in their relevant experience maps and other programmes.

PFC is a model to inform and design patient centric rare disease clinical trials.

Feedback and insights are collected through interactive sessions with patients to minimise factors that could create a patient burden.

In 2022, we conducted PFCs across five programmes and identified over 30 insights that inform protocol design or mitigations and enhanced support services.

To engage our global workforce in recognising, celebrating and learning more about the rich diversity within our organisation and the power we unlock by utilising it, we hosted a series of events and initiatives throughout the year to educate employees on inclusion and diversity (I D) topics, build a sense of community, and further foster inclusion and belonging across AstraZeneca.

The programming included senior executive led panel discussions, video modules, local quarterly events and live global events with external experts reinforcing the core focus areas of our global I D strategy.

We encourage our workforce and suppliers to adopt a sustainability mindset that embraces our core values.

We believe that inclusion is a right and diversity is a strength.

Both make a fundamental contribution to the success of our company because innovation requires breakthrough ideas that only come from a diverse workforce empowered to challenge conventional thinking.

Create a working environment where every employee has a sense of belonging, regardless of gender, race, ethnic origin, religion, age, disability status or sexual orientation.

This includes equitable compensation, benefits and opportunities for development and advancement.

In 2022, we refreshed our global Inclusion and Diversity (I D) strategy to allow us to prioritise and streamline our efforts in areas where we can drive lasting systemic change for our organisation and for society.

Our work to refresh our I D strategy was based on input from employees from across the company, who were both directly and indirectly involved with I D programmes.

Diversity: Build and sustain a diverse leadership and talent pipeline.

We have a Global I D Council which comprises senior and rising leaders who are representative of our global workforce and organisational structure, and is chaired by CEO, Pascal Soriot.

This group is accountable for advising on and enhancing organisational progress towards our global I D ambitions, as well as working with local leaders to ensure an approach that is tailored to meet local needs.

I D is central to our commitment to being a great place to work, for the benefit of our employees, our business and for society.

Our ongoing commitment to I D will enable us to future proof our business by ensuring that we continue to attract and retain top talent from various backgrounds and with different experiences.

Every component of our I D mission is critical to our success.

Driving innovation through diversity of background, experience and thought, in line with our Values.

Attracting, developing, and retaining high quality talent from a richer, broader talent pool.

Enabling patient centric insights through an employee population that reflects the patients and communities we serve.

Ensuring our medicines reach the full spectrum of patients affected by the diseases they treat, creating a healthier society.

Creating socio economic impact by engaging small and diverse suppliers in our value chain and supporting their growth and development.

Focusing on transparency, integrity and trust is at the heart of both our privacy strategy and our ethical approach: an ethical company is a company that values privacy and a company that values privacy embraces ethical practices.

Across the world, we are seeing new and enhanced protection for personal data, moving the balance of power over personal data away from organisations back to individuals.

This means that our ability to use people’s personal data for new and innovative purposes is linked directly to their trust in us.

Launch supplier diversity programmes in 10 new countries (outside of US).

Programmes launched in total of seven countries outside of US, with one more country, Sweden, launched in 2022.

Our Supplier Diversity Programme maximises opportunities for small and diverse businesses to be part of our value chain and supports their growth.

This helps support local economies through job opportunities, enabling diverse supplier development through mentorship schemes, and making a positive socio economic impact by supporting the growth of local businesses.

Our programme aims to be active in 10 countries outside the US by 2025, and is now active in seven including Brazil, South Africa, UK, Australia, New Zealand, and Poland, and most recently launched in Sweden in 2022.

To support our diverse suppliers to make progress on sustainability, in 2022 we launched two cohorts of the Diverse Supplier Sustainability Accelerator Programme, to help diverse suppliers to increase their sustainability capabilities, with 80 suppliers participating.

Supplier diversity partnerships include WEConnect International, Minority Supplier Development UK, Social Enterprise UK, National Minority Supplier Development Council, NGLCC, National HubZone Council, WBENC, and the Diversity Alliance for Science.

AstraZeneca has been recognised with the WBEC Greater DMV 2022 President's Award and 2022 Corporate Champion Award for having the highest spend with the WBEC Certified Women Owned Businesses in Greater DMV, and the Diversity Honor Roll by WBEC East.

In 2022, AstraZeneca joined Disability:IN’s Inclusion Works programme to promote the full inclusion of people with disabilities and to inspire accessible innovation for all.

In the US, to further underscore our commitment to LGBTQ inclusion in the workplace and our stance against discriminatory policy, we joined the Human Rights Campaign’s Business Coalition for Equality Act and signed the Business Statement on Anti LGBTQ State Legislation.

In 2022, we continued to enhance relationships with external organisations and institutions, such as historically black colleges and universities (HBCU) and Hispanic serving institutions (HSI) in the US, to facilitate entry pathways for underrepresented talent by funding scholarships and or participating in recruitment and STEM mentoring programmes.

In the UK, we signed the Wellbeing of Women Menopause Workplace Pledge, raising awareness of menopause as a workplace issue and committing to supporting employees affected by it.

In 2022, in partnership with the Diversity Alliance for Science, we launched the 2022 Lead in Sustainability Accelerator programme for 40 small and diverse businesses.

We also became a founding partner to the first ever pan European diversity initiative European Expansion Programme (ESDP) MSDUK to enhance the landscape of supplier diversity in six European countries: Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, and Sweden.

We also became a founding partner of Buy Social Europe, Social Enterprise UK.

This will contribute to identifying and engaging the leading social enterprise suppliers across the EU and Switzerland region in our value chain.

Our Employee Resource Groups are part of the fabric of our company and are fundamental to our progress.

AstraZeneca Employee Resource Groups (AZ ERGs) are part of the fabric of our company and are fundamental to our progress.

They are voluntary, employee led groups formed based on shared experiences that raise diversity awareness and promote business and societal impact.

AZ ERGs help to create a sense of community and belonging through connecting and supporting people who share the same dimensions of diversity.

They also empower employees to speak their mind and share their voice and perspective, because they feel psychologically safe to do so.

We believe that when individuals have the support and backing of a community of collective and allied voices, they are more likely to contribute and fulfil their potential, which gives us our competitive advantage as an organisation.

We have a total of 19 AZ ERGs some with a global presence and others with a specific country presence and focusing on locally relevant topics.

Cancer at work Disabilities Early talent Healthcare professionals and scientists Mental health.

Military support Neurodiversity Racial, cultural and ethnic diversity Women Working parents and caregivers.

Diversity Inc, 2022 Top 50 Companies for Diversity List (US).

To continue to deliver medicines to patients, we must foster an environment where people feel safe, energised, and inspired.

The resources we put into supporting the physical and mental health and safety of our workforce are an investment in society at large, the communities where we operate, and the long term health of economies.

Contributing to a safe and healthy environment is the right thing to do and can also have positive business impacts.

Provide a safe and healthy working environment, based on a culture of learning rather than blame.

This includes the application of human and operational performance principles, including training for leaders and managers, supporting employee health through flexible ways of working, access to disease prevention, treatment and mental health services.

Our AZ SHE System aligns SHE data management systems and SHE business processes across our company, in order to streamline our collection, storage, and reporting, providing a single source of SHE data across our enterprise.

The AZ SHE System drives innovation in the management and reporting of SHE events and sustainability metrics, while helping to improve workforce safety and health.

This system has been rolled out to 81,645 users at 477 AstraZeneca locations, in 79 countries.

To date, the system has collected over 7,825 safety and health events (including near misses), 101,176 SHE observations, and 32,561 corrective or preventive action plans.

New and changing data privacy, security and transfer regulations have caused delays in implementing processes to support health and wellbeing.

We continue to work with regulators, vendors, and our own legal organisation to be sure we maintain compliance.

We foster an environment that supports physical and mental health to make people feel safe, energised, and inspired, which not only benefits our workforce and productivity, but is an investment in the communities in which we operate and the long term health of economies.

Our standards apply globally and are referenced in our Code of Ethics.

We have a Global Safety, Health, and Environment (SHE) Standard, supported by our OneSHE Framework and accompanying SHE: Everybody’s Business’ training, which establishes minimum standards and is applicable to all employees and temporary staff across AstraZeneca sites and all business functions.

In 2022, we created an additional training module aimed at line managers to further underpin the Global SHE Standard and expectations of line management.

We monitor safety and health targets aimed at supporting our workforce and keeping AstraZeneca among the sector leaders in performance.

We are committed to maintaining or exceeding compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements in the locations we operate in.

We work in a transparent and ethical manner to develop good relationships with regulators and ensure we contribute to local communities.

We manage SHE risks, opportunities, and performance by using effective management systems utilising a 'Plan, Do, Check, Act' process to ensure continuous improvement.

We launched a Serious Injury and Fatality Prevention and Mitigation Programme in 2021, led by our Global SHE team and guided by a senior level steering committee.

Process and life safety subject matter experts evaluate high risk activities with the potential to result in a serious injury or fatality and prioritise these against internal audit findings and past events.

In 2022, we implemented the second year of our three year plan to address 12 high risk areas, focusing on work at height, safe operation, contractors and construction safety.

As part of the plan, working teams reviewed and uplifted existing standards and materials, followed by a gap assessment at site level.

Gap assessment results were then reviewed by site leadership teams and the steering committee.

As a result, a new AstraZeneca Standard on Working at Height was launched towards year end, with additional guidance to support the standard.

The scope of the initiative was also extended beyond manufacturing to include major R D sites.

In order to provide easily accessible support for employee mental health through digital innovation, our Safe Space employee resource group (ERG) worked with our Global IT, and SHE functions to develop a digital solution with Microsoft using Power Platform.

This led to the Healthy Mind app, which has been upgraded in 2022 with an improved user experience, support for 24 languages and access to mindfulness content.

Since launch, the app has been accessed 26,000 times by 16,000 global employees.

It is an example of innovative solutions to employee wellbeing, supported by cross functional and ERG collaboration.

Since our return to the workplace in 2021 and early 2022, we have seen an increase in the number of vehicle collisions reported, prompting a review of our Drive Success driver safety programme.

In 2022, a safe driving campaign was developed and endorsed by our Commercial SHE Executive Team, with leadership video content and a messaging cascade for employee engagement.

The campaign was aimed at line managers with accountability for SHE.

It was designed to initiate team discussions on safe driving habits and to understand any barriers to those habits.

Topics included risks to safety such as excessive speed, distractions and fatigue.

The campaign emphasised preventive measures that employees and line managers can take to improve safety in these areas.

The campaign also included ideas for five minute safety moments or check ins, asking teams thought provoking questions to maintain an emphasis on driver safety, with the goal of protecting our employees and the communities in which we work.

As part of our commitment to integrating Human and Organisational Performance (HOP) thinking a science based approach to understanding how and why people make mistakes and what organisational improvements can be made into our Global Operations organisation in 2022, we provided Human Performance Event Learning (HPEL) practitioner training to over 800 individuals, as well as HOP training for leaders and suppliers globally.

Developing an understanding of the event’s performance context creating a safe environment for learning by recognising how mistakes happen, without blame what failed and not who failed.

Exploring the background and what error traps and local workplace factors contributed to the event.

Identifying the required improvements or countermeasures’ focusing on the importance of learning as part of an improvement strategy.

Going through a process away from procedures and towards error proofing or elimination of hazards.

Shared learning identifying the impacts, errors, and the local and organisational factors discovered, capturing key learnings to be shared at site level and beyond.

We foster an environment that supports physical and mental health to make people feel safe, energised and inspired.

Watson OJ, et al Global impact of the first year of COVID 19 vaccination: a mathematical modelling study.

Available at: https: www.thelancet.com journals laninf article PIIS1473 3099(22)00320 6 fulltext Last accessed: January 2023.

Data estimates based on model outcomes from separate analyses conducted by Airfinity and Imperial College London, United Kingdom.

DoF REF 156573, date of preparation 31 January 2023.

In 2022 we had a total of 9,500 employees go through an immersive and cohort based AZ development intervention.

For our two dedicated women leader development programmes (Women as Leaders, Empowerment diversity by design) we had approximately 1,000 women graduate.

Our programmes designed for various stages of leadership saw 8,500 participants, with a 50:50 M F split represented.

Ensure 100% of AstraZeneca site discharges and 90% of supplier site discharges are in compliance with safe API discharge concentrations.

Data reported for 2022 is for calendar year 2021 and based on weight supplied.

Scope includes primary, secondary, and tertiary packaging.

People reached’ is defined per programme, depending on the operations of specific programmes.

This figure includes current programmes: Healthy Heart Africa, Young Health Programme, and historic programmes: Healthy Lung Programme and Phakamisa.

As of the time of publishing the report, there was an 88% response rate from global markets.

Cumulative reporting means the remainder will be captured in next year’s reporting and that people reached may not be unique individuals.

This figure comes from current programme: Healthy Heart Africa, and historic programmes: Healthy Lung Programme, and Phakamasia.

Total healthcare facilities activated includes current programme: Healthy Heart Africa, and historic programme: Healthy Lung Programme.

According to EveryLife Foundation, 93% 95% of more than 7,000 known rare diseases have no US Food and Drug Administration approved therapies.

Health equity: challenges in low incomes countries.

Methodology update in 2022 means total community investments refers to payments completed within the financial year.

Watson OJ, et al Global impact of the first year of COVID 19 vaccination: a mathematical modelling study.

Available at: https: www.thelancet.com journals laninf article PIIS1473 3099(22)00320 6 fulltext Last accessed: January 2023.

Data estimates based on model outcomes from separate analyses conducted by Airfinity and Imperial College London, United Kingdom.

DoF REF 156573, date of preparation 31 January 2023.

According to World Bank, lower middle income economies are defined as those with a Gross National Income (GNI) per capita between 1,086 and 4,255.

World Bank Country and Lending Groups Available at: https: datahelpdesk.worldbank.org knowledgebase articles 906519 world bank country and lending groups Last accessed: January 2023 .

Includes financial donations, in kind donations, product donations.

These patient assistance programmes use fully donated product without expectation of payment from the patient for any portion or to access the programme.

People trained’ is defined per project, depending on the specific operations.

Peer Educators through YHP refers to young people that are capacitated by the YHP to train their peers on Non Communicable Disease (NCD) risk factors.

Data reported for 2022 is for calendar year 2021 and based on weight supplied.

Scope includes primary, secondary, and tertiary packaging.

In 2022, we invested 26.6 million through our Natural Resource Efficiency Fund together with other central capital investments.

As part of this, we invested 21 million on energy efficiency and renewable energy (Solar PV).

The report of the Lancet Countdown on health and climate change: health at the mercy of fossil fuels.

Published online October 25, 2022, Available at: https: www.thelancet.com journals lancet article PIIS0140 6736(22)01540 9 fulltext Last accessed: January 2023 .

Convergence of two targets communicated in 2020 and 2021 for small molecule syntheses and biologics products.

Scope is 54 APIs for which data is available to calculate safe API discharge limits and based on 2021 manufacture and formulation activities.

One discharge assessment at a single timepoint (1 44 measurements) marginally exceeded the safe discharge target (failure in vacuum system and water use reduction causing high concentration in effluent, vacuum promptly repaired upon identification of fault, all other timepoints measurements were within safe discharge targets) One of 66 API discharges marginally exceeded the safe discharge target (RQ 1.3 based on application of additional marine assessment factor of 10).

Target updated in 2022 to reflect increased ambition before 2025.

Almond R.E.A., Grooten M., Juffe Bignoli D. Petersen T. (Eds).

Online: https: livingplanet.panda.org Accessed 2 February 2023 Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures.

Online: https: tnfd.global Accessed 2 February 2023 The Science Based Targets Network.

Online: https: sciencebasedtargets.org about us sbtn Accessed 2 February 2023 .

Senior middle management refers to staff director level and above.

Speak Up’ question in the internal survey changed from: I feel comfortable to speak up and express my opinion at work in 2020 and to I feel comfortable to speak my mind and express my opinion at work’’ in 2021 and 2022.

We define our 100% complete statistic by saying all active employees on the day of roll out (in this case 16 17th October) must complete the course.

Active employees are those not impacted by variables such as parental leave, long term sickness and garden leave.

The inclusion criteria for injuries and occupational illnesses in the metrics reported here are aligned with the US Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Record Keeping Rule.

Workforce safety and health for AstraZeneca and Alexion is reported separately.

The Alexion total reportable injury rate (per million hours worked) is 0.7.

AstraZeneca represents 94% of total workforce, Alexion represents 6% of total workforce.

Observations include positive interactions or unsafe conditions.