SUSTAINABLE 
LIVING 
REPORT  
2017 

Published May 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS PAGE 

CHAPTER 
INTRODUCTION…………………………………………………………………… 
SUSTAINABLE LIVING REPORT HUB…………………………………… 
HEALTH & WELL-BEING BIG GOAL…………………………………….. 
HEALTH & HYGIENE………………………………………………………………………… 

  PAGE 
3 
4 
9 
12 

IMPROVING NUTRITION……………………………………………………………………  
REDUCING ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT BIG GOAL……………….. 
GREENHOUSE GASES………………………………………………………………………. 

WATER USE……………………………………………………………………………………… 

WASTE & PACKAGING……………………………………………………………………… 

SUSTAINABLE SOURCING……………………………………………………………….. 

ECO-EFFICIENCY IN 
MANUFACTURING……………………………………………………………………………. 
NATURAL CAPITAL………………………………………………………………………….. 

LIFECYCLE ASSESSMENTS……………………………………………………………… 
ENHANCING LIVELIHOODS BIG GOAL…………………………………. 
FAIRNESS IN THE WORKPLACE………………………………………………………. 

OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN…………………………………………………………. 

INCLUSIVE BUSINESS……………………………………………………………………… 
OUR STRATEGY FOR SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS………………….. 
OUR APPROACH TO REPORTING………………………………………… 
TRANSFORMATIONAL CHANGE………………………………………….. 
WHAT MATTERS TO YOU…………………………………………………….. 

75 
144 
150 

209 

244 

291 

408 

428 

431 
437 
442 

553 

612 
644 
722 
774 
777 

Published May 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTRODUCTION 

WELCOME TO THE PDF OF OUR 2017 SUSTAINABLE LIVING REPORT.  

EACH YEAR, WE PRODUCE AN ONLINE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT. THIS PDF IS THE 
EXPORTED 2017 REPORT CONTENT.  

Published May 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Sustainable Living Report Hub
Business growth should not be at the expense of people and the planet. That’s

why we’re changing the way we do business, and why we want to change the way

business is done.

We want to help create a world where everyone can live well within the natural limits of the

planet. By using our resources as a business to address issues such as health and hygiene,

gender equality, climate change and plastic packaging waste, we are delivering short­term

and long­term benefits for our shareholders and society.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan
The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) is our blueprint for achieving our Vision to grow

our business, whilst decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing

our positive social impact.

Launched in 2010, the USLP is driving value for our business, our people and our consumers.

It’s creating sustainable growth through brands with purpose (/sustainable­living/our­

strategy/embedding­sustainability/), cutting business costs, reducing risks and helping us to

build trust – to generate long­term value for the multiple stakeholders we serve.

But we don’t have all the answers and the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be

addressed by one company alone. Systems­level change needs collaboration to succeed.

That’s why we’re taking action on the UN Sustainable Development Goals as part of our

USLP.

Our USLP is made up of three big goals and commitments across nine pillars, supported by

targets that span our social, economic and environmental performance across the value

chain. It contains stretching targets, including on how people use our products and how we

source raw materials. Explore our interactive USLP graphic below or see our  USLP

Performance Summary (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­sustainable­living­plan­2017_tcm244­

521742_en.pdf) for an overview of performance in 2017. For detailed 3­year performance

against our targets see our  USLP 3­Year Summary of Progress (PDF | 213KB)

(/Images/uslp­targets­3­year­summary­of­progress_tcm244­526543_en.pdf).

Our Sustainable Living Report 2017
Our annual Sustainable Living Report is published across the Sustainable Living section of

our website.

From this hub page you can find out about our Strategy for sustainable business

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/) and how we’re seeking to drive Transformational change

(/sustainable­living/transformational­change/) to the broader systems of which we are part ­

by using our scale and influence.

Our Sustainable Living Report details our performance against the USLP’s goals,

commitments and targets, as summarised in the graphic below. For each of the nine pillars of

the USLP, we set out our strategy, our targets and performance and how we are taking action

to drive value for our business and society.

The Sustainable Living Report also includes comprehensive coverage of Our approach to

reporting (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/) – including Materiality (/sustainable­

living/our­approach­to­reporting/defining­our­material­issues/) and Assurance (/sustainable­

living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/). And What matters to you

(/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/) provides a quick­access A­Z index of topics we are

often asked about, such as palm oil.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan sets out to decouple our growth from our environmental footprint, while

increasing our positive social impact. Our Plan has three big goals to achieve, underpinned by nine commitments and

targets spanning our social, environmental and economic performance across the value chain. We will continue to

work with others to focus on those areas where we can drive the biggest change and support the UN Sustainable

Development Goals.

We have three big goals



Improving Health 
and well-being 
for more than 

1 billion





By 2020 we will help more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well­being.



Explore our big goal (/sustainable-living/improving-health-and-well-being/)

Health & hygiene

Improving nutrition

We are taking action on the UN Sustainable Development Goals




Reducing 
environmental 
impact by 

half









By 2030 our goal is to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our products as we grow

our business.*



Explore our big goal (/sustainable-living/reducing-environmental-impact/)

Greenhouse gases

Water use

Waste & packaging

Sustainable sourcing

We are taking action on the UN Sustainable Development Goals




Enhancing 
Livelihoods 
for 

millions

By 2020 we will enhance the livelihoods of millions of people as we grow our business.













Explore our big goal (/sustainable-living/enhancing-livelihoods/)

Fairness in the workplace

Opportunities for women

Inclusive business

We are taking action on the UN Sustainable Development Goals







†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/index.html).  

* Our environmental targets are expressed on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.  
+
 In seven water­scarce countries representing around half the world's population.  

• In 2017 around 370,000 women accessed initiatives under both Opportunities for Women and Inclusive Business.

Our strategy for sustainable
growth

Our approach to reporting

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/)

Our strategy for sustainable growth (/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/)





About our strategy
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/about­our­
strategy/)

Embedding
sustainability
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)





UN Sustainable
Development Goals
(/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/un­
sustainable­
development­goals/)

Our sustainability
governance
(/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/our­
sustainability­
governance/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/)

Our approach to reporting (/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/)





About our reporting
(/sustainable­
living/our­approach­
to­reporting/about­
our­reporting/)

Engaging with
stakeholders
(/sustainable­
living/our­approach­
to­reporting/engaging­
with­stakeholders/)



Our metrics
(/sustainable­





Defining our material
issues (/sustainable­
living/our­approach­
to­reporting/defining­
our­material­issues/)

Independent
assurance
(/sustainable­
living/our­approach­
to­
reporting/independent
­assurance/)



Interactive data charts
(/sustainable­



Awards & recognition
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/awards­and­
recognition/)

living/our­approach­
to­reporting/our­
metrics/)

living/our­approach­
to­
reporting/interactive­
data­charts/)

Transformational change

What matters to you

(/sustainable­living/transformational­change/)
We have set out to make a difference to those big

(/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/)
Sometimes we are asked specific questions about our

issues that matter most to our business and to the

business. Here we address some of the topics that

world.

matter most to you.

(/sustainable­living/transformational­change/)

(/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 Improving health and well-being

Unilever's work on improving health & well­being supports

7

of the UN Sustainable

Development Goals

 Find out how we’re realising the business opportunity from the SDGs

Our Big Goal
Improving health
and well-being for
more than 1 billion

By 2020 we will help more than a
billion people take action to
improve their health and well-
being.

Improving health & well-being

Our performance: Health & hygiene
By the end of 2017 we had reached around 601 million people through our

programmes on handwashing, safe drinking water, sanitation, oral health and self­

esteem.

Our performance: Nutrition
In 2017, 39%  of our portfolio by volume met the highest nutritional standards. This is

†

based on an assessment of every single product in all countries, and across our total

retail and foodservice business.

KEY:

Achieved

Off-plan

On-plan

%

Of target achieved

Our approach
Lack of safe drinking water, and poor sanitation and hygiene, cause millions of

preventable deaths each year – particularly among children. By 2020 we will help more

than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene. This will help reduce the

incidence of life­threatening diseases like diarrhoea, which is one of the main causes

of deaths in children under five.

Today, more than 1.9 billion adults are overweight – that’s 39% of the world’s

population – with 40 million children classified as obese. At the same time,

micronutrient deficiencies are estimated to impact over 2 billion people. By 2020, we

will double the proportion of our portfolio that meets the highest nutritional standards,

based on globally recognised dietary guidelines. This will help hundreds of millions of

people to achieve a healthier diet.

Our approach encompasses health and hygiene and improving nutrition. We are

uniquely placed to deliver change at scale as we are the only multinational consumer

goods company with a portfolio across Beauty & Personal Care, Home Care, Foods

and Refreshment. The business case is compelling – delivering our commitments is

driving more growth, lower costs, less risk and more trust. Our approach, which

directly supports a number of the UN Sustainable Development Goals, focuses on:

Selling appealing products with health, hygiene and nutrition benefits

Encouraging people to take action on health, hygiene and nutrition through

behaviour change programmes

Advocating to bring these issues higher up the national and international policy

agenda

Working with partners dedicated to health, hygiene and nutrition, to broaden our

impact.

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Improving health & well-being pillars

Health & hygiene

Improving nutrition

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­and­
hygiene/)
We’re helping to drive transformational

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/)
Our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition –

change through our brands, and our

foods and refreshments that taste good,

water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH)

feel good and are a force for good.

agenda.

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­and­
hygiene/)

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Health & hygiene 
Lack of safe drinking water, and poor sanitation and hygiene, cause millions of 
preventable deaths each year - particularly among children. 

The World Health Organization estimates that tackling these interconnected issues has the potential 
to prevent at least 9% of global disease, and 6% of all deaths.1 Evidence shows that people will be 
healthier and happier, and communities more productive, if they have improved access to better 
sanitation, safe drinking water, and basic levels of hygiene.  This is essential to lifting people out of 
poverty.  

Our health and hygiene brands - Lifebuoy, Domestos, Signal, Pureit and Vaseline - aim to improve 
health through better hygiene. These everyday products - soaps, toilet cleaners and toothpastes - as 
well as our innovative water purifiers, can help prevent disease and improve people’s health and well-
being. Ultimately, helping to save lives. 

But health is not just about hygiene. Many people worldwide suffer from low self-esteem and feel 
anxious about their bodies. And this can have a knock-on effect on their personal lives and careers. 
Through Dove, our leading Beauty & Personal Care brand, we’re helping women and girls to be 
confident in their own bodies and build their self-esteem. 

The Health & hygiene pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) primarily contributes to 
two of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): Good Health and Well-being (SDG3); and 
Clean Water and Sanitation (SDG6). 

1World Health Organization: http://www.who.int/maternal_child_adolescent/documents/levels_trends_child_mortality_2013/en/ 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our strategy 
Our aim is to help more than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene by 
2020.  

Addressing health & hygiene makes business sense 
Addressing social challenges is good for society and good for business. Many of our 
programmes drive growth directly - our oral care, handwashing and sanitation programmes are 
strong examples. When more people brush their teeth, use soap regularly, and have access to 
sanitation, their use of toothpaste, soap and toilet cleaner increases. Domestos is helping to give 
people access to improved sanitation which drives market development for our business.  

We run many of our health and hygiene initiatives through brands in our Beauty & Personal Care 
division. This is the largest product category in our business with €20.7 billion turnover in 2017 
and accounts for 39% of our turnover and 46% of our operating profit. It is home to brands such 
as Dove, Signal and Lifebuoy. Lifebuoy is the world’s number one antibacterial soap brand. Sold 
in nearly 60 countries, it grew 6% in 2017. 

Our Home Care division generated turnover of €10.6 billion in 2017, accounting for 20% of our 
turnover. It includes our water purifiers Pureit and Qinyuan as well as Domestos, our market-
leading toilet cleaning brand, which has a strong presence in emerging markets. Domestos is 
helping to give people access to improved sanitation and driving market development for our 
business. Domestos grew by 10% in 2017. 

READ MORE ABOUT 

Our approach, Innovation, Advocacy & partnerships, Our commitment, Progress to date, 
Future challenges 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our approach 
Providing quality, affordable products is only part of the solution to improve health through 
hygiene. Products alone are not enough. A big part of our work is encouraging people to adopt 
healthy habits. Studies show that most people know they should brush their teeth twice a day, 
and wash their hands with soap after going to the toilet and before eating, but often they don't.  

As one of the world's leading consumer goods companies, making products that people use 
every day, we understand the triggers, barriers and motivators that generate sustained behaviour 
shifts. Underpinning our approach is our behaviour change model, the Five Levers for Change 
(PDF | 3MB). This is a set of principles that when applied consistently, increases the likelihood of 
creating a lasting impact. We use this knowledge, coupled with our expertise in marketing and in 
delivering campaigns at mass scale, to catalyse enduring change in everyday behaviours. 

Innovation 
We’re using our expertise to come up with innovative products that can help more people live 
healthier lives. For example, Lifebuoy’s new Mickey Mouse No-Touch Foaming Hand Wash, 
launched in China in 2017, makes it fun for children to wash their hands properly.  

Our water purifiers offer water that is not only safe and convenient to use, but that tastes good 
too. We have extended their appeal by communicating superior safety and have introduced 
models that tackle increasing problems such as removing total dissolved salts (TDS) from 
drinking water, and models that dramatically improves the removal of the pesticide residues that 
are frequently found when washing leafy vegetables.  

Advocacy & partnerships 
In July 2010, through Resolution 64/292, the UN General Assembly explicitly recognised the 
human right to water and sanitation. It acknowledged that safe and clean drinking water and 
sanitation are essential to full enjoyment of life and all human rights. Unilever respects these 
rights by ensuring that we operate our business in a way that fulfils the human right to water, as 
defined by the UN Human Right to Water Policy. We’ve also signed the World Business Council 
for Sustainable Development WASH Pledge to ensure access to Water, Sanitation and Hygiene 
(WASH) in all our factories, plantations and workplaces. 

Heads of state from all around the world gathered in New York in September 2015 to adopt the 
2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, resulting in 17 Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). SDG6 focuses purely on water and sanitation, aiming to “ensure availability and 
sustainable management of water and sanitation for all.” We worked with others to call for 
hygiene to be included as a key component within this SDG and welcomed the inclusion of 
indicators measuring access to handwashing with soap facilities.  

Through our brands, behaviour change programmes and by joining forces with others around 
events - such as the UN General Assembly, Regional Water, Sanitation and Hygiene summits, 
and World Toilet Day – with our partners, we’re contributing towards achieving SDG6. Partnering 
with organisations who share our ambition to improve health through better hygiene is critical to 
our programmes achieving a positive impact on a large scale. We work with partners in many 
ways, including: joint advocacy programmes to raise the profile of issues; scaling-up existing 
programmes; piloting initiatives; and securing additional funding to increase the impact of our 
joint investment. 

Businesses are well-placed to work with governments, civil society and development agencies to 
drive transformational and sustainable change at scale. Whether it’s through our understanding 
of consumers, knowledge of behaviour change, the design of innovative products, our ability to 
deliver programs at mass scale or the provision of financing, we bring a host of resources and 
knowledge to the table that can strengthen our collaborations. And in turn, improve people’s 
health and well-being while simultaneously growing our business.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Catalysing interested groups to come together around a shared objective is something we have 
found particularly useful. The Toilet Board Coalition is one example which Unilever was a 
founding member of - a global, business-led alliance of companies, investors, sanitation experts 
and non-profit organisations, which aims to develop sustainable and scalable solutions to the 
sanitation crisis.  

Our commitment 
By 2020, we will help more than a billion people take action to improve their health and hygiene. 
This will help reduce the incidence of life-threatening diseases like diarrhoea - one of the biggest 
causes of deaths in children under five. 

Progress to date 
Seven years into our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we’ve learnt that it’s possible to reach 
people at scale. By the end of 2017 we had succeeded in reaching around 601 million people: 
over 426 million people with Lifebuoy; over 10 million with improved access to a toilet1; nearly 78 
million with our toothpaste brands; 29 million through Dove self-esteem programmes; 2.6 million 
through Vaseline’s Healing Project and over 55 million with safe drinking water from Pureit. 
Pureit also provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water. 

We continued to help improve sanitation through our global partnership with UNICEF, began our 
Creating Sustainable Sanitation Markets programme in partnership with Population Services 
International (PSI), and rolled-out sanitation initiatives in schools.  

 
 
 
 
Future challenges 

Lifebuoy runs one of the world's largest handwashing programme. In order to reach our 1 billion 
target, we are finding ways to deliver effective handwashing behaviour change at an even lower 
cost. Currently, Lifebuoy only counts those people reached through on-ground programmes. 
However, we have long believed that the totality of our marketing efforts are contributing to 
changing handwashing behaviour, including mass scale TV advertising.  

So, to test this, we ran a study in India - our biggest market - to assess the effectiveness of 
specific Lifebuoy TV adverts, using the same methodology that we use to evaluate our on-ground 
programmes. The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with 
soap after people watched the adverts. This result demonstrates that mass media can promote 
and impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to reach millions more 
people through our Lifebuoy brand - and potentially bringing us closer to our 2020 target of 
reaching 1 billion people.  

As a next step, we are progressing peer review publication and aim to include TV reach in our 
Health & Well-being performance figures for 2018 alongside our on-ground programme reach.  

For our range of water purifiers, our immediate priority is to strengthen and expand operations in 
existing markets. Acquiring the Qinyuan water purification business in China in 2014 added to 
our capabilities. However, to build scale, we need stronger distribution and after-sales service 
capabilities. We also need to build further partnerships with micro-finance institutions to make 
purifiers more affordable to low-income consumers. 

Having clean, safe toilets in schools is important for pupil’s health and particularly for girls’ 
participation in school as poor toilet access is a key reason why girls skip or drop out of school 
when they start having their periods. But for toilets to be used continually over time, a 
fundamental shift in behaviour is needed.  

So, we are supporting initiatives that drive behaviour change through a number of different 
routes, such as continuing our support of UNICEF’s sanitation programme. We are also 
supporting the operation and maintenance of toilets in schools through behaviour change 
interventions, to ensure that school toilets are kept in a clean and working condition, so they can 
be continually used over time. 

1 Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and indirect initiatives over 2012-2016. 

Taking action 
We are making a big impact on health and hygiene by promoting handwashing, safe 

drinking water, sanitation, oral care and self-esteem. 

And we’re aiming to lessen the impact of disasters and emergencies. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Healthy handwashing habits for life 

Providing safe drinking water 

 Toilets for a better tomorrow 

Improving oral health 

Building body confidence and                  Ready to respond to disasters & emergencies 

self-esteem 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Targets & performance 
We have set ambitious targets to meet people’s needs for good health and hygiene. 

HEALTH & HYGIENE 

OUR COMMITMENT 

By 2020, we will help more than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene. This will 
help reduce the incidence of life-threatening diseases like diarrhoea. 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

  Around 601 million people reached by end 2017 through our programmes on 

handwashing, sanitation, oral health, self-esteem and safe drinking water: over 426 
million people with Lifebuoy; over 10 million with improved access to a toilet*; nearly 78 
million with our toothpaste brands; 29 million through Dove self-esteem programmes; 
2.6 million through Vaseline’s Healing Project and over 55 million with safe drinking 
water from Pureit. Pureit also provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water by the end 
of 2017. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We are on track to meet our 2020 commitment. By the end of 2017, we had reached around 
601 million people, up from 538 million in 2016.  

Our Signal and Pepsodent toothpaste brands reached their 2020 target of reaching 50 million 
people early, and by 2017 had reached nearly 78 million people through our Brush Day & 
Night campaigns.** 

Dove achieved its 2015 target a year early and reached nearly 20 million by 2015. In 2016 we 
extended our target to reach a further 20 million young people – our ambition now is to help a 
total of 40 million young people improve their body confidence and self-esteem by 2020.   

In 2014, we introduced a new target for sanitation, with Domestos working with UNICEF to 
scale up sanitation improvement initiatives. Over 2012-2016, we enabled over 10 million 
people to gain improved access to a toilet.* 

And in 2017, we introduced a further target: though our Vaseline Healing Project, we aim to 
help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020. By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through 
our Vaseline Healing Project, setting us on our way to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 
2020.  

* Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and indirect initiatives over 2012-2016. 

**See Our Metrics for the definition of ‘reach’. 

Achieved  1 

 On-Plan 5 

  Off-Plan  1 

% of target achieved 0 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the 
Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Become diarrhoeal and respiratory disease through handwashing 

Over 426 million people reached since 
2010.   

•  By 2020 our Lifebuoy brand aims to 
change the hygiene behaviour of 1 
billion consumers across Asia, 
Africa and Latin America by 
promoting the benefits of 
handwashing with soap at key 
times. 

In 2015, we extended our target from 
2015 to 2020. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Our major challenge is scaling up programmes cost-effectively. Since 2010, we have made 
strong progress, reaching over 426 million people and developing models which more than 
halve the cost per contact. 

However, our current programmes rely on direct contact interventions. Although we have 
reduced the cost per contact while maintaining effectiveness, we are constantly identifying new 
channels to optimise costs further and enabling us to reach greater scale each year. We are 
continuing to evaluate how partners and the use of new technology can help to deliver 
behaviour change more efficiently and effectively, for instance by using new channels and 
targeting key moments.  

While our programmes have focused on reaching children and mothers on-ground, we have 
long believed that the totality of our marketing efforts are contributing to changing 
handwashing behaviour, including mass scale TV advertising. So, to test this, we ran a study 
in India - our biggest market - to assess the effectiveness of specific Lifebuoy TV adverts. We 
used the same methodology that we use to evaluate our on-ground programmes.  

The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap after 
people watched the adverts. This result demonstrates that mass media can promote and 
impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to reach millions more 
people through our Lifebuoy brand - and potentially bringing us closer to our 2020 target of 
reaching 1 billion people. As a next step, we are progressing peer review publication and aim 
to include TV reach in our Health & Well-being performance figures for 2018 alongside our on-
ground programme reach.  

Healthy handwashing habits for life 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Provide safe drinking water 

Through our range of water purifiers, we 
aim to provide 150 billion litres of safe 
drinking water by 2020.1 

Pureit provided 96 billion litres of safe 
drinking water by 2017. In 2017 alone, 
Pureit provided over 11 billion litres. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Our range of water purifiers is available in 12 countries: Bangladesh, Brazil, China, Ghana, 
India, Indonesia, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Philippines and Sri Lanka. The 
combined populations in these markets represent half the population of the world. Over 2005-
2017, we provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water, with over 11 billion litres in 2017. 

We expanded our business in China with the acquisition in 2014 of the Qinyuan Group, 
China’s largest water purifying company.2 Water purification is a growing global category for 
our business, with underlying sales growing by 7.7% in 2017. 

We continue to enhance our product offerings to appeal to consumers across different income 
levels and markets. Our most affordable model costs around €20 in India (INR 1,500), with an 
ongoing running cost of just over one euro cent for just over three litres of safe drinking water. 
This is lower than the cost of boiling water and significantly less than buying bottled water. 

1 We revised our target in 2014 to reflect what matters most for health – the ongoing consumption of safe drinking water. The new metric also allows us to capture the 
ongoing consumption of safe water (litres) that is a stronger surrogate measure of the ongoing health impact, versus just providing one-off devices. It improves on our 
previous metric of people reached, which measured sales of our purifiers multiplied by the average household size to give a number of people reached on average by 
each device. Over 2005-2013, 55 million people used Pureit. 

2 Qinyuan is not yet included in our calculation of litres of safe drinking water provided. 

Providing safe drinking water  

Improve access to sanitation 

By 2020 we will help 25 million people 
gain improved access to a toilet by 
promoting the benefits of using clean 
toilets and by making toilets accessible. 

Over 2012-2016, we helped over 10 
million people gain improved access to a 
toilet.*  

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
When we added this target to the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2014, we became the 
first company to make a commitment to improving sanitation on this scale. Over 2012-2016, 
Domestos’s partnership with UNICEF has helped over 10 million people gain improved access 
to a toilet.* 

Sanitation is one of the most complex areas of development. We are working with partners to 
roll out quality sanitation programmes with increasing speed and scale. In 2017, we continued 
our global partnership with UNICEF and rolled-out sanitation initiatives in schools. In 2016 we 
opened our pioneering Suvidha Centre in India, a sustainable community centre for over 1,500 
people in low income households, offering toilets, handwashing, showers, washing machines 
and safe drinking water at below market prices. 

* Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and indirect initiatives over 2012-2016. 

Toilets for a better tomorrow  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Improve oral health 

We will use our toothpaste and 
toothbrush brands and oral health 
improvement programmes to encourage 
children and their parents to brush day 
and night. We aim to reach 50 million 
people by 2020.  

We achieved our target early, reaching 
over 50 million people. By 2017, our total 
increased to nearly 78 million.  We 
reached just under 3 million people in 
2017.  

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Signal/Pepsodent’s mission is to improve oral health by encouraging families to brush morning 
and night using fluoride toothpaste.  

Research shows that long-term brushing habits are best forged during childhood, so we focus 
on instilling good habits from an early age, and encourage positive parental role modelling. 
Our Brush Day and Night campaign, a fun and engaging school programme, has been proven 
to increase brushing frequency by 25%. These Brush Day and Night materials are available on 
the brand website, so anyone can get involved in teaching good brushing habits for life! 

Our approach has also been good for business. In 2017, this Sustainable Living brand grew by 
4% globally. 

Improving oral health 

Improve self-esteem 

With our Dove brand we are helping 
millions of young people to build up 
positive body confidence and self-esteem 
through educational programmes. 

•  By 2015 we aimed to help 15 

million young people. In fact, we 
reached nearly 20 million by 
2015, and in 2016 we extended 
our target to help another 20 
million young people by 2020. 

19.5 million young people received our 
help over 2004-2015. By 2016, we 
reached 23 million. This figure grew to 29 
million in 2017, setting us on our way to 
our ambition to help 40 million young 
people.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We achieved our 2015 target a year early and reached nearly 20 million by 2015. To keep up 
our ambition, in 2016 we extended our target to reach another 20 million young people – our 
aim now is to help a total of 40 million by 2020. 

In 2017, we continued to accelerate the reach and quality of the Dove Self-Esteem Project, 
developing cost effective impactful implementation strategies. Dove celebrated its 60th 
anniversary by renewing its vows to women everywhere through the Dove Real Beauty 
Pledge. 

On top of our school curriculum, we’re working with the World Association of Girl Guides and 
Girl Scouts to get the message across to more young women. Our Free Being Me programme 
has reached 4 million girls in over 125 countries since 2013 and we’re aiming to reach 6.5 
million by 2020.  In 2017 we developed a new badge programme, called Action on Body 
Confidence, to build up girls’ advocacy skills, allowing them to act as a life changer in smaller 
communities and reach even more girls. 

Dove is one of our fastest growing Beauty & Personal Care brands, and grew by 6% in 2017. 

Building body confidence and self-esteem 

 
 
 
Help improve skin healing 

Though our Vaseline Healing Project, we 
aim to help heal the skin of 5 million 
people by 2020. 

By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people 
through our Vaseline Healing Project, 
setting us on our way to help heal the skin 
of 5 million people by 2020.   

New target 2017 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
By the end of 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline® Healing Project, 
which has helped heal the skin of people living at the frontline of disasters and emergencies 
since 2015. 

The Vaseline® Healing Project is run in partnership with the international relief organisation, 
Direct Relief. Since 2015, we’ve donated 3.3 million jars and bottles of Vaseline® Jelly, as well 
as providing expert skin care and training for local health workers. The Vaseline Healing 
Project is committed to training local healthcare workers. In 2017, we trained 563 primary 
healthcare workers in dermatology to help diagnose and treat skin conditions across India, 
South Africa and Mexico.    

In areas of prolonged need, such as Jordan, we provide support through skin care missions 
and product donations. In 2017, we established a full-time dermatological team, enabling year-
round treatment across three refugee camps. 

We are well on our way to achieving our 2020 target to heal the skin of 5 million people.  

Ready to respond to disasters and emergencies 

 
 
 
 
 
 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Healthy handwashing habits for life
Through Lifebuoy, we aim to help 1 billion people around the world improve

their handwashing habits by 2020.

Pneumonia and diarrhoea are the biggest killers
of children under five

Every 23 seconds, a child dies from either pneumonia or diarrhoea worldwide.  What

1

makes this even more heartbreaking is that most of these deaths are preventable. The

simple act of handwashing is the single most effective way of stopping childhood

2
deaths. It can reduce the spread of pneumonia by 23% and diarrhoea by up to 45%.

However, washing with water alone isn’t enough to clean hands. Handwashing with

soap is crucial. Through Goal 6 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals – ensure

access to water and sanitation for all – governments around the world have committed

to promoting the importance of handwashing with soap. Specifically, through Indicator

6.2.1: proportion of population using safely managed sanitation services, including a

handwashing facility with soap and water. And that’s where we come in – and where

we’ve been since 1894.

Making soap and saving lives since 1894

In 1885, William and James Lever created a soap­producing business – Lever

Brothers ­ making it their purpose to ‘make cleanliness commonplace’. In 1894, the

brothers launched Lifebuoy soap to combat cholera in Victorian England and make

health and hygiene accessible to everyone.

Lifebuoy is now the world’s number one selling antibacterial soap and grew by 6% in

2017. It’s sold in nearly 60 countries and available across Europe, North America,

Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East.

Lifebuoy is the only soap to be accredited by the Royal Society of Public Health,

London. Its unique “Activ Silver” ingredient gives unbeatable protection from 10

infection causing germs.

We democratise world class hygiene by making it available at the price of €0.06 for a

bar of soap because we believe best­in­class hygiene should be a right for everyone,

not just for the few who can afford it. It is one of Unilever’s largest Sustainable Living

Brands (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/embedding­sustainability/), with a clear

 
purpose of saving lives through handwashing with soap, supporting targets in

our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/).

We’ve been encouraging healthy handwashing
habits for over 100 years
Soap only works if it’s used effectively and people wash their hands at the critical

moments of the day, that is before eating and after going to the toilet. That’s why we

aim to improve the handwashing habits of 1 billion people across Europe, North

America, Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.

To do this, in the early twentieth century, Lever Brothers supplied people with charts to

record whether they had washed their hands with soap before eating and after using

the toilet daily. Today, we run one of the largest handwashing behaviour change

programmes in the world that follows some similar principles, while we continue to

innovate. Lifebuoy’s School of 5 programme uses our  Five Levers for Change (PDF

| 4MB) (/Images/slp_5­levers­for­change_tcm244­414399_en.pdf) methodology. These

five principles focus on awareness, commitment, reinforcement and reward to

encourage children and their families to adopt healthy handwashing with soap habits

that last (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/helping­people­get­into­healthy­hygiene­

habits/).

Since 2010, we’ve reached over 426 million people across Asia, Africa and Latin

America through schools, health clinics and community outreach programmes, with

proven results.

A randomised control trial in Mumbai carried out in 2008 studied the programme’s

impact on health. It showed a 25% reduction in incidence of diarrhoea, a 15%

reduction in the incidence of acute respiratory infections and a 27% reduction in school

absence.  Following this, studies in Ghana, Kenya, Bangladesh and Indonesia have

3

shown that people taking part in our programmes wash hands more thoroughly, and

4
more often, using more soap.

A new paradigm of behaviour change
While our programmes have focused on reaching children and mothers on­ground, we

have long believed that our total combined marketing efforts – including mass scale TV

advertising ­ are contributing to changing handwashing behaviour. So, to test this, we

ran a study in India ­ our biggest market ­ to assess the effectiveness of specific

Lifebuoy TV adverts. For this, we used the same methodology that we evaluate our

on­ground programmes.

The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap

after people watched the adverts. This result demonstrates that mass media can

promote and impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to

reach millions more people through our Lifebuoy brand. As a next step, we are

progressing peer review publication and aim to include TV reach in our Health &

Hygiene performance figures for 2018 alongside our on­ground programme reach.

Spotlight

Using mobile to create behaviour change

Governments worldwide are increasingly adopting mobile technologies to

deliver public services in areas related to agriculture, education, health and

livelihoods. 78% percent of mobile users globally are from developing

economies and this percentage is projected to increase rapidly in the coming

years.  Most of the people who access public services through mobile

5

technology are in the Asia Pacific region. For example, Bangladesh performs

close to the regional average, with 87%  of the population being subscribers.

6

Given these adoption rates, Lifebuoy has designed a behaviour change

programme on the importance of handwashing with soap using mobile

technology. Piloted in 2016, this service aims to reach out to women in media

dark areas, providing free advice to mothers on their child’s health in the

comfort of their home.

The service is based on a missed call mechanism, whereby a mother makes a

missed call. The system then calls the mother back and begins with

establishing whether the mother is a pregnant woman, a mother with a

newborn or has school­age children. Health information is then shared with the

mother, adapted according to her child or children’s ages.

The programme will be rolled out in 2018.

School of 5: superheroes to the rescue

What’s the best way to get kids to do something? Make it fun! And what could be more

fun than superheroes?

So we teamed up with the children’s communication specialist agency, Yoe, to create

Lifebuoy’s School of 5 comic book, which aims to make handwashing cool for kids.

The characters come to life in animations, radio shows, music, games, and school

visits. They each have an important message to get across – wash your hands at five

key moments in the day: after going to the toilet, before breakfast, lunch and dinner,

and in the bath.

Available in 19 languages, the School of 5 comic book has reached over 300 million

people worldwide.

Face washing to combat trachoma
Face washing can prevent the world’s leading cause of preventable blindness:

trachoma. Globally, 190 million people are at risk  and the disease is endemic in parts

7

of Africa.

To prevent and control trachoma, one of the World Health Organization’s

recommended strategies is face and handwashing with soap.

Aiming to impact trachoma, we partnered with international NGO Sightsavers, and

have adapted our schools handwashing programme to include face washing in order

to address this issue. Our programme with Sightsavers in Kenya reached nearly

100,000 people by the end of 2017, and we are expanding to other countries such as

Ethiopia and Zambia.

Our Lifesaver Volunteer programme
Begun in 2014, our Lifebuoy Lifesaver Volunteer Programme harnesses the energy

and enthusiasm of teenagers and college students, helping them make a difference in

their communities through teaching the importance of handwashing with soap.

Through colleges and youth networks, we’ve mobilised more than 150,000 Lifesaver

Volunteers to run Lifebuoy’s School of 5 programme in schools.

Now running in five countries, it’s also expanding through organisations such as the

World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) and AIESEC, the global

youth­led non­governmental organisation (NGO).

Heroes for change
In Kenya students are being recruited as agents for social change in a new volunteer

programme launched in 2017. The ‘Heroes for Change’ programme is a volunteer­led

model, designed to change handwashing behaviours among children and mothers.

Led by Unilever in partnership with Amref Health Africa, the UN Population Fund,

Sightsavers and the Standard Media Group, the programme has identified university

students as an untapped force for good, as they’re known in their communities and so

ideally placed to help activate change.

Student volunteers from five universities train over a six­month period to work towards

improving health and well­being in their home communities. The training covers

Unilever’s best­known change programmes from Lifebuoy, Blue Band and Pepsodent

– and the ultimate goal is to reach 10 million Kenyans by 2020.

Spotlight

Kids helping kids to teach good handwashing habits

By teaching children early about the importance of handwashing, we can help

them make healthy habits part of their routine for life and also reach their

families. Kids have a great thirst for knowledge. They develop much of their

behaviour during their primary school years and love sharing what they learn.

Since 2010, we’ve trained almost three million students across Indonesia in

partnership with the Indonesian government, teaching them about the

importance of handwashing with soap. These ‘Little Doctors’ have in turn

reached over 15 million people, teaching them about handwashing and health.

Our programmes are led by the ‘Little Doctors’ in primary schools, ‘Health

Ambassadors’ in high schools, nurses and female health workers in the

community, forming a critical part of the Indonesian government school and

community health programmes. This movement reached over 1.5 million

students in 2017 alone.

Given the success of this model, in 2017, through a partnership with World

Association of Girl Guides and Scouts (WAGGGS) in India, more than 1,200

girl guides and scouts have become handwashing heroes by promoting this

lifesaving habit within their local communities. In total WAGGGS reached 3.1

million children and their families through an adapted version of  Lifebuoy’s

School of Five (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3I_lmqfK0A).

Helping mums protect precious newborns
Over 40% of deaths under five occur within the first 28 days of a child’s life. Every

year, 2.9 million newborn babies die – over a third of them from infections. And around

41%  of these deaths could be prevented just by helping new mums and midwives

8

change their handwashing behaviour.

To help tackle this issue, we teach handwashing habits at neonatal clinics and through

home visits to new mothers. Since 2011, we’ve reached more than 20 million mothers

across Asia and Africa. Our largest programmes in Indonesia and Vietnam are run in

partnership with government enabling health workers and the Women’s Union to teach

mothers about handwashing with soap.

Powerful storytelling through Lifebuoy’s Help A
Child Reach 5 campaign
Lifebuoy’s Help a Child Reach 5 campaign uses films to emphasise the importance of

handwashing with soap in the month after birth. The films bring to life the aspirations

that two mums,  Sangrahi (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsnP_6kdtDY) in

India and  Eunice (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v8qP4nCs2Y) in Kenya,

have for their unborn children. Sangrahi’s film “Chamki” has won 35 industry awards.

Breaking Guinness World Records on Global
Handwashing Day
We’re spreading the word to stop the spread of disease through handwashing with

soap and breaking Guinness World Records along the way!

Each year on 15 October, over 200 million people take part in celebrating Global

Handwashing Day (GHD) across more than 100 countries. Our Lifebuoy brand is a

founding partner of the Global Handwashing Partnership , which has supported GHD

9

since it began in 2008.

In 2017 our #high5forhandwashing campaign achieved a Guinness World Record for

creating the largest human image of a hand, following three other Guinness World

Records in 2016. This campaign was led by our celebrity brand ambassadors across

countries ­ including Indian Bollywood actor Kajol Devgan, Kenyan news anchor Janet

Mbugua, Pakistan TV actors Ayeza Khan and Danish Taimoor, and Myanmar singer

Chit Thu Wai. The campaign used the power of social media to raise awareness about

the importance of handwashing with soap through a #high5forhandwashing selfie,

engaging over 60 influencers globally with over 70,000 #high5forhandwashing selfies

uploaded.

In addition to our digital reach, over 100,000 children across the world were taught

handwashing by Lifebuoy teams on GHD itself.

Working with partners to reach more people
It’s not just celebrities who can help us get the message across. Partnerships are the

backbone of our handwashing behaviour change programmes and we work closely

with governments and NGOs to enhance our reach and impact. We’re working to

create transformational change – systems change – around Water, Sanitation and

Hygiene (WASH). But we can’t do it alone, so we’re working in partnership with a

number of organisations to create the change needed to address the global health

challenges. The importance of partnerships is explicitly recognised in SDG 17:

Revitalise the global partnership for sustainable development.

The private sector can contribute towards cost­effective WASH solutions and support

programmes that drive sustainable change at scale. For example, we teamed up with

Oxfam to create a customised programme for use in emergency settings – the first of

its kind – to promote handwashing with soap on key occasions (before preparing food,

before eating, and after toilet use). The aim of the programme is to prevent the spread

of diseases in emergency settings through reaching mothers in villages affected by

natural disasters or in refugee camps.

At the centre of the programme is a story about a Mum and her magic hands, told

through the eyes of a little girl. Mothers nurture their kids against all odds and their

magic hands put their children to sleep, clean them, help them learn to walk and

soothe away their pain – and washing those magic hands can prevent their children

getting ill. The story is brought to life through a series of taught sessions, with activities

and stickers to promote and reinforce the practice of handwashing with soap at home

and in the community.

The programme was successful in improving handwashing, reaching 900 mothers

across earthquake affected areas in Nepal. We’re now working with Oxfam to share

our programme findings with the objective of offering the full suite of materials

developed to all humanitarian­based organisations who aim to improve handwashing

with soap in emergency affected areas. And in February 2017, we announced a

groundbreaking three­year partnership between Lifebuoy and Gavi, the Vaccine

Alliance.

Together we’re working to promote handwashing with soap and the benefits of

vaccinations – two of the most successful and cost­effective ways to save children’s

lives – to parents and healthcare workers in India.

We also get involved in existing initiatives like running creative handwashing initiatives

in city slums and rural areas to support the Indian government’s quest for Swachh

Aadat, Swachh Bharat (Clean Habits, Clean India).

1
 UNICEF:  https://data.unicef.org/topic/child­health/pneumonia/ (https://data.unicef.org/topic/child­

health/pneumonia/) ;  https://data.unicef.org/topic/child­health/diarrhoeal­disease/

(https://data.unicef.org/topic/child­health/diarrhoeal­disease/)

2
 Cairncross, Sandy; Hunt, Caroline; Boisson, Sophie; Bostoen, Kristof; Curtis, Val; Fung, Isacc CH; and

Schmidt, Wolf­Peter. Water, sanitation and hygiene for the prevention of diarrhoea ­
 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2845874/

(https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2845874/), International Journal of Epidemiology, 2010 39:

i193­i205.

3
 Nicholson, Julie A., et al. An investigation into the effects of handwashing intervention on health outcomes

and school absence using a randomised control trial in Indian urban communities ­

 http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf

(http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf), Journal of Tropical Medicine and International Health,

2014 19 no.3: 284­292.

4
 Based on studies in Kenya and Ghana using smart sensor microchips to track behaviour, in Indonesia using

sticker­diary methodology and in Bangladesh as part of DFID’s South Asia WASH Results Programme.

5
 https://mobiforge.com/research­analysis/global­mobile­statistics­2014­part­a­mobile­subscribers­handset­

market­share­mobile­operators (https://mobiforge.com/research­analysis/global­mobile­statistics­2014­part­a­

mobile­subscribers­handset­market­share­mobile­operators)

6
 https://www.budde.com.au/Research/Bangladesh­Telecoms­Mobile­and­Broadband­Statistics­and­

Analyses (https://www.budde.com.au/Research/Bangladesh­Telecoms­Mobile­and­Broadband­Statistics­and­

Analyses)

7
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs382/en/

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs382/en/)

8
 Rhee, V; Mullany, LC; Khatry, SK; Katz, J; LeClerq, SC; Darmstadt, GL; Tielsch, JM. Maternal and birth

attendant hand washing and neonatal mortality in southern Nepal. Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent

Medicine 2008;162(7):603­608.

9
 Previously known as the Public­Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­
being/health­and­hygiene/)



Previous

Ready to respond to disasters and emergencies

Next 

Providing safe drinking water

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Health
&
hygiene

Helping people get into healthy hygiene
habits
We have the brands and brand power to reach billions of people worldwide.

Simple everyday actions to improve hygiene saves
lives
It’s not easy to change the habits of a lifetime. So we came up with our behaviour­

change methodology,  Five Levers for Change (PDF | 4MB) (/Images/slp_5­levers­

for­change_tcm244­414399_en.pdf), to make good hygiene habits part of people’s

daily routine. We use them in all our behaviour­change programmes: handwashing,

toothbrushing (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/improving­oral­health/) and using toilets (/sustainable­living/improving­health­

and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/toilets­for­a­better­tomorrow/).

Here’s how we do it for handwashing.

Five Levers for Change
These five principles are the rock of our approach to changing people’s behaviour –

and maximise our ability to create a good hygiene habits that last a lifetime.

We wanted to find ways to encourage people to use soap at the five occasions that

have the biggest health impact: washing hands after going to the toilet; before

breakfast, lunch and dinner; and while having a bath.

Lever 1: Making it understood

People commonly wash their hands with water alone and not soap – believing that if

their hands look clean they are clean.

However unfortunately that’s not true. Germs which are invisible to the naked eye are

a major cause of illness.

To help people understand germs and their dangers, we make the invisible visible

through a powerful demonstration. Using Glo germ powder, which is only visible under

UV light, we show how washing hands with water alone is not enough to remove the

speckles of powder. Hands may look clean but when you shine the UV light they’re still

covered in speckles.

It is only when you wash with soap that hands are speckle and germ free.

Lever 2: Making it easy

For a new behaviour to become a habit, it needs to be seen as easy to do and to fit

into daily routines.

So we make it easy for people to remember when they need to wash their hands

through songs, stories, diaries, rewards and daily sticker charts for children. All these

and other little reminders at home and at school help make handwashing part of kids’ –

and adults’ – daily routines.

Lever 3: Making it desirable

At the end of the day, people don’t usually do something unless they want to. We want

kids to want to wash their hands. So we make it fun with our School of 5 comic books

and stickers.

In 2017, we launched our first electronic handwashing device: Lifebuoy’s new Mickey

Mouse No­Touch Foaming Hand Wash offers children – and their parents – a

completely new handwashing experience. Using Unilever patented technology, it’s

been designed to inspire and teach previously reluctant children to wash their hands

with soap voluntarily.

A blinking light guides child to rub their hands together for ten seconds, helping them

to develop good handwashing habits. The electronic device delivers a perfectly sized

squirt of instant­foaming Lifebuoy soap every time a hand is waved beneath its inbuilt

sensor. And, it uses 18% less water than ordinary soap.

Studies show that people who commit to a future action in public are more likely to

stick to it. Our Lifebuoy school programme uses the Classroom Soap Pledge. By

asking kids to stand up together in class and promise to wash their hands, we’re also

making it a way to win approval from teachers and classmates.

Pledging is also an important part of our mothers’ programme as it brings the family

together to pledge to take care of the health of their baby.

Lever 4: Making it rewarding

We want to make people feel good for improving their hygiene habits. So we reward

good behaviour. For example, kids get a reward if they successfully complete their

handwashing diary for a full three weeks.

Lever 5: Making it a habit

Habits are created over time through repetition. We’ve found that practising a relatively

1
simple habit like handwashing consistently over 21 days helps to make it a habit.

That’s why we give children and mothers 21 day diaries – with rewards on completion

– and teachers 21 days of activities to repeat handwashing until it becomes a routine.

Spotlight

Helping fight the cost of disease through breaking gender
stereotypes

In 2017, we launched a campaign in India showing how the active ingredients

in our Lifebuoy soap bar can help people with low incomes to reduce costly

medical bills. The unique Activ Silver ingredient in our Lifebuoy soap bar kills

germs, helping to prevent disease and infection, and reduces the need for

expensive medical treatment. And Lifebuoy’s Rs10 soap bar – the equivalent of

just €0.13 – contributes to approximately half of Lifebuoy’s sales.

Central to the campaign was breaking gender stereotypes, reversing the roles

of mother and father to engage as many people as possible. We launched a TV

advert, featuring a real­life celebrity couple, Ajay and Kajol Devgn. Ajay is the

concerned father, whose son is suffering from a stomach ache. When his son

voices his discomfort, Ajay wants to help his son but worries about the cost of

seeing the doctor.

Continuing the role reversal, the mother ­ played by Kajol – appears as a

doctor, reminding Ajay that a stomach ache is caused by germs and of the

importance of washing hands with soap.

“It was important for us to embrace Unilever’s #unstereotype approach to

advertising, by featuring a father in the parenting role and a woman doctor,”

says Abhiroop C, Lifebuoy Global Brand Director. “In contrast to our earlier ads,

where mothers sought help from male doctors, this time the woman is the hero

of the story. She enlightens the family, giving them confidence and knowledge

on the right solution to prevent infections.”

Consumers have told us they feel female doctors empathise with their plight

more than male doctors. For us, this change to our advertising has also been

good for our business. In India, our market share has increased since

launching the campaign launched.

Tracking our impact

How do we measure and evaluate whether people are actually adopting better

handwashing habits? We do this by finding inventive ways to track what they actually

do – not just what they claim to do. Monitoring and evaluation are at the centre of our

behaviour change programmes. However, measuring a socially desirable, healthy

behaviour like handwashing is notoriously difficult. Most people know they should

wash hands regularly, so there is a significant risk that people overclaim how much

they are washing their hands if you simply ask them directly.

One of the ways we overcome this ­ and other challenges – is through our sticker diary

methodology, specifically designed to evaluate handwashing behaviour. The diaries

are tailored to local routines for parents and children. Respondents use the diary to

track a whole range of daily activities in a pictorial format. For parents, typical activities

range from preparing and eating meals to doing the washing up and shopping, as well

as washing hands and bathing. For children, typical activities include going to school,

doing homework, playing as well as washing hands and bathing.

What happened?

This approach means respondents don’t know which daily behaviour we are

specifically interested in – making it less likely they will overclaim how often they

handwash to show they are doing the right thing. Using this methodology we have

seen a sustained increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap as a result of

2
our interventions. In Indonesia, it went up from 53% to 75%.

A third more mothers and children washed their hands with soap following our

programme in an Indian village, and the incidence of diarrhoea dropped from 36% to

5%.  In Bangladesh, six months after the programme, reports showed a 33% increase

3

in knowledge of the importance of washing hands with soap at key occasions, and a

4
43% increase in people putting washing their hands with soap regularly.

In Ghana, the kids we reached through our programmes washed their hands more

often and more thoroughly – spending 40% longer washing their hands every day. And
5
they made an impression on their parents too, who used 18% more soap as a result.

A clinical study in India showed that there were 25% fewer incidences of diarrhoea,

15% less acute respiratory infections and 46% fewer eye infections.  And by staying

6

well, they didn’t miss as much school either. Additionally, our neonatal programmes

deployed in Kenya and India ­ on the ground and mobile ­ have also shown significant

improvement in handwashing with soap on key occasions, with overall handwashing

with soap habit improving by at least one occasion.

The results of our pilot handwashing programme in Nepal – the first programme of this

kind to be deployed in an emergency setting – showed significant increases in

handwashing with soap before eating and preparing food (18% and 17% respectively).

The programme also proved to significantly impact habits after using the toilet, with

7
45% more mothers washing their hands with soap.

1
 Based on a clinical trial involving 2,000 families in Mumbai, India during 2007 and 2008. Published in:

Nicholson, Julie A., et al. An investigation into the effects of handwashing intervention on health outcomes and

school absence using a randomised control trial in Indian urban communities ­

 http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf

(http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf), Journal of Tropical Medicine and International Health,

2014 19 no.3: 284­292.

2
 Based on results from a quantitative behaviour measurement study in Indonesia.

3
 Based on an independent evaluation of 579 households in Thesgora with children aged below 12 years,

conducted by Nielsen in September 2013.

4
 DFID South Asia WASH Results Programme (SWARP) 2014­2016.

5
 Based on children in Ghana participating in our School of 5 intervention, in contrast to a control group who

did not take part. The findings of this study were published in 2013 in the Journal of Tropical Medicine &

International Health.

6
 Based on a clinical trial involving 2,000 families in Mumbai, India during 2007 and 2008. Published in:

Nicholson, Julie A., et al. An investigation into the effects of handwashing intervention on health outcomes and

school absence using a randomised control trial in Indian urban communities ­

 http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf

(http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/tmi.12254/pdf), Journal of Tropical Medicine and International Health,

2014 19 no.3: 284­292.

7
 Lifebuoy and Unilever’s Chief Sustainability Office partnership with Oxfam, collaborating on a handwashing

with soap behaviour change programme for communities affected by flood, earthquake or other type of

emergency. The programme was piloted in Nepal following the earthquake in 2015.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­
being/health­and­hygiene/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Providing safe drinking water
We’re providing people with access to something that many of us take for

granted – safe, affordable drinking water.

A basic human right

Access to safe drinking water is a basic human right that people simply can’t live

without.  Yet it’s something that one in nine people still don’t have.

1

2

That’s 844 million people  at risk of life­threatening waterborne illnesses. Worldwide,

3

4
contaminated drinking water is responsible for more than half a million deaths a year.

Unsafe water contributes to chronic problems like undernutrition and stunted growth.

Affecting 159 million children under five, stunting can have a long­lasting impact on

physical and mental development.

Lack of access to safe water – or indeed, any water – is compounded by the rise in

droughts and flooding as a result of climate change. But poverty is also a huge

challenge.

We’ve developed a simple, affordable solution to help more people get the safe

drinking water they need, directly contributing to UN Sustainable Development Goal 6:

ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all.

A solution that anyone, anywhere can use
Many people simply cannot afford clean and safe drinking water, or live in places that

don’t have clean and safe mains water supplies.

We set out to overcome this barrier by inventing a way to purify water which would be

affordable for those who need it most. After five years’ research, we introduced Pureit

– our innovative household water purifier – in 2008. Pureit uses our unique GermKill

Kit™ to remove harmful viruses, bacteria, parasites and other impurities from water –

in line with strict international standards – without boiling.

There’s no need for gas, electricity or for a continuous water supply. This means

anyone, anywhere can use it. Using Pureit is simple but effective. For just one Indian

rupee (just over one euro cent), someone can have 3.2 litres of drinking water. It’s as

safe as boiled water, but cheaper.

Tapping into opportunities to support people and
our business
A decade after it was launched, Pureit is still the world’s most advanced home water

purification system. We now offer around 22 different models – the most affordable is

just 1,500 Indian rupees (€20). These all produce purified water that meets the US

Environmental Protection Agency’s criteria for microbiologically safe drinking water.

Pureit alone reduces the occurrence of diarrhoea by up to 50%  – even without other

5

important factors like handwashing with soap (/sustainable­living/improving­health­

and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/helping­people­

get­into­healthy­hygiene­habits/). It has already protected over 80 million people from

waterborne illnesses. Available in 12 countries, Pureit is the most widely used system

for home water purification. We’ve supplied 96 billion litres of safe drinking water since

2005 and aim to reach 150 billion by 2020.

No child will be left behind

Pureit puts safe drinking water on the menu for millions of people who couldn’t afford it

before. But even one rupee for over three litres is too expensive for some.

Children are most vulnerable to the effects of unsafe drinking water. It can stunt their

height, and frequent diarrhoea and other infections from waterborne diseases can

mean they fall behind at school or drop out altogether.

On World Water Day in March 2017, we pledged that no child will be left behind. So

we’re working with non­governmental organisations (NGOs) and microfinance

organisations across Asia and Africa to put Pureit within reach of even the world’s

poorest communities.

Spotlight

Community water: turning vision into practice

Many people in India can’t afford to install and run a Pureit unit at home. But at

the community water plants, they can buy 20 litres of water for just 8–10

rupees.

We’re looking at different models to serve communities with accessible and

affordable clean drinking water where it is most needed. And we see big

possibilities in community water plants, which provide clean drinking water from

a central point.

In 2017, we began partnering with Water Health International (WHI) – global

experts in community water systems. By setting up community water plants, we

can reach families who can’t afford to have their own Pureit system at home.

So far, we have set up four pilot plants in the city of Tumkur, which are

managed by WHI.

Cutting the cost of safe drinking water for people
& the planet

The health of the environment and the

people in it are inextricably linked.

Pureit not only cuts the cost of safe

drinking water, but also reduces the

environmental impact. Our detailed

lifecycle analysis shows that per litre,

its carbon footprint is at least 80%

6
smaller than boiled or bottled water.

At the same time, we’re creating new

innovative solutions to keep people

safe from toxins or pollutants in their

local environments.

80%

Pureit’s carbon

footprint is at

least 80%

smaller than

boiled or bottled

water

All in the WASH
Improving access to safe drinking water is just one part of our work around water,

sanitation and hygiene (WASH) in impoverished communities worldwide. With at least

2 billion  people drawing drinking water from a source that’s contaminated with faeces,

7

these topics are inextricably linked.

We’re partnering with others to create transformational change – that is, systems

change – by running programmes and raising awareness of WASH issues. As well as

extending access to safe drinking water, our WASH programmes and partnerships

also aim to change handwashing habits (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/) and extend access to

toilets (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/toilets­

for­a­better­tomorrow/).

1
 United Nations General Assembly:  Resolution 64/292 (http://www.un.org/es/comun/docs/?

symbol=A/RES/64/292&lang=E), 2010.

2
 Water.org:  https://water.org/our­impact/water­crisis/ (https://water.org/our­impact/water­crisis/)

3
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/)

4
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/)

5
 According to an independent study by the National Institute of Epidemiology.

6
 Based on detailed lifecycle assessments, Pureit’s greenhouse gas impact (measured in carbon dioxide

equivalent emissions) per litre of water is 80% less than boiling water or bottled water.

7
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs391/en/)

Photo by Zayra Zeeshan Raza

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/improving­health­
and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/)



Previous

Healthy handwashing habits for life

Toilets for a better tomorrow

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Toilets for a better tomorrow
We’re taking action against poor sanitation to free millions of people from

indignity and disease.

Tackling the sanitation crisis

Incredibly, one in three people on the planet doesn’t have access to a clean, safe

toilet. Almost 892 million people are still forced to defecate in the open.  This is often

1

hardest on women and girls who risk shame, harassment and even violence just by

going to the toilet.

As a result of the lack of sanitation, every two minutes a child under five dies from a

disease linked to unsafe water and sanitation.  However, many of these deaths could

2

be prevented with clean toilets, handwashing (/sustainable­living/improving­health­

and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/) and safe

drinking water (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/providing­safe­drinking­water/). We believe access to sanitation is a basic

human right. Clean, safe toilets can free people from a life of indignity and disease.

And we know that investment in water and sanitation boosts the economy – every

3
dollar invested yields $4.30 in increased productivity.

In fact, Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) is the focus of UN Sustainable

Development Goal 6: ensuring access to water and sanitation for all. We’re

contributing to this goal through the power of our Domestos brand and global reach.

Since setting our sanitation target in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2014,

we’ve helped over 10 million people gain improved access to a toilet.

4

Our leading toilet hygiene brand, Domestos, has a global partnership with children’s

charity, UNICEF. It is through this partnership that we have been able to help millions

of people gain improved access to a toilet. Our target is to help 25 million by 2020. We

support government efforts to build more toilets and have helped build over 220,000

toilets so far. But our main focus is on encouraging people to use toilets where they

are made available and keep them clean to prevent disease, especially in schools.

Starting in the classroom
We’ve found that by educating children about the importance of good hygiene habits,

they in turn influence their families. So as part of our partnership with UNICEF,

Domestos is supporting sanitation education in schools through the School­Led Total

Sanitation programme.

Domestos is also working with other NGO partners to run school programmes in eight

countries in Asia, Africa, South America and Eastern Europe. Together we’re improving

toilet facilities in schools and providing education about healthy sanitation and hygiene

habits. With fewer sick days as a result, we’re helping kids to stay healthy and in

school.

From building toilets…
In India, there’s a big push from the government on toilet construction. From 2014

through to June 2017, we ran the Domestos Toilet Academies (DTA) programme under

the local brand name Domex. The Academies trained local entrepreneurs to sell, install

and maintain clean and safe toilets. At the same time, the entrepreneurs educated

people about the importance of sanitation and hygiene.

From 2015, we have also worked with Population Services International (PSI) ­

building on their existing partnership with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation ­ to

implement DTA in Bihar, India. Through this partnership, the programme has trained

over 600 entrepreneurs, sold more than 214,000 household toilets, and reached nearly

1.2 million people. We also worked with micro­finance organisations to help poor

families pay for a toilet. And we liaised with suppliers to help communities save money

by buying materials in bulk.

…to cultivating clean habits
Clean, safe toilets have the potential to transform sanitation and health for millions of

people. However, we noticed a trend that just because people have a toilet, doesn’t

necessarily mean they will use it. The toilets may not function, they may not be

maintained and or hygienic. That’s why we’re not just improving access to toilets, we’re

also encouraging people to maintain them.

In 2017, and in partnership with PSI, we began our Creating Sustainable Sanitation

Markets programme. This behaviour change programme is being piloted across 400

villages in the Chitoor district in Andhra Pradesh. It aims to reach 40,000 households,

helping them to be free of open defecation in the next three years.

In 2017, we also published a guide for those who want to promote the demand for –

and use of – toilets. The Unilever  Sanitation Behaviour Change Source Book (PDF |

11MB) (/Images/sanitation­behaviour­change­source­book_tcm244­510654_en.pdf)

offers a framework, ideas and tips. It provides insights and inspiration to help with the

design, planning and implementation of behaviour change programmes. It builds on

the  Five Levers for Change (PDF | 4MB) (/Images/slp_5­levers­for­change_tcm244­

414399_en.pdf) we’ve established to help people develop healthy hygiene habits

(/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­

handwashing­habits­for­life/helping­people­get­into­healthy­hygiene­habits/) such as

handwashing.

Treks to the toilet: an everyday struggle

Simran Gill, Global Assistant Brand Manager, Domestos & Living Hygiene, visited

Mumbai’s largest slum to see firsthand how a brand like Domestos can help.

“I met a lady called Shruti, who really showed me the challenges facing people

without access to clean, safe toilets. She lives with her mother­in­law, husband,

and their two children. They share a two­room shanty house and have access to

one communal toilet block. This is a 10 minute walk away, and is used by

thousands of people. Going to the toilet at night especially, puts herself and her

children at risk.

Governments are starting to provide more toilets, but after seeing the toilets in the

slum, it was clear to me that the problem isn’t just about building toilets. It’s about

ensuring they are well maintained and operational so they are fit to be used.

Shruti’s dream, like so many others, is having access to a clean, safe toilet. And

that’s where brands like Domestos can come in. Domesto’s school sanitation

programme is reaching millions of people and teaching them the importance of

keeping toilets clean and maintained.

With the power of Domestos, I’m proud that we’re helping to make a real

difference.”

Protecting people also helps us build our
business
We’ve seen that communicating Domestos’ brand purpose is good for raising

awareness of the importance of sanitation. It’s also good for business. For example, in

2017 it helped to significantly increase our market share in South Africa. And in

Poland, our school sanitation programmes contributed to a 20% boost in brand

awareness.

By communicating on packs, we’re also helping consumers get involved in improving

access to toilets. For every specially­labelled pack of Domestos purchased, we are

donating 5% of proceeds to UNICEF’s sanitation improvement programmes.

The growth of our Domestos brand is fuelling innovation, research and development to

meet people’s needs. For example, we’ve developed new low­cost products such as

the Domex Toilet Cleaning Powder for people in rural areas who may never have had

a toilet at home before. We’re also exploring new commercial models to offer

sustainable sanitation solutions (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/toilets­for­a­better­tomorrow/supporting­sustainable­

sanitation­solutions/).

Spotlight

Innovation in India: Domex toilet cleaning powder

Millions of households in India are without a toilet, and the government wants

100 million new homes to have one by 2019. Most of these new homes will be

for low income families, so they’ll need a low­cost solution to keep their toilets

clean and hygienic.

Our new Domex Toilet Cleaning Powder removes all germs at an affordable

price. And our powder keeps toilets smelling fresh too.

We introduced Domex Toilet Cleaning Powder in the state of Andhra Pradesh in

March 2017. Since then, we have also started selling this innovation in other

states in South India, helping more people to keep their toilet clean.

1
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs392/en/

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs392/en/)

2
 WaterAid:  https://www.wateraid.org/facts­and­statistics (https://www.wateraid.org/facts­and­statistics)

3
 World Health Organization:  http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/economic/mdg10_offtrack.pdf

(PDF | 1.05MB) (http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/economic/mdg10_offtrack.pdf)

4
 Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and

indirect initiatives over 2012­2016.

Related links



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­
and­hygiene/)



Helping people get into healthy
hygiene habits (/sustainable­
living/improving­health­and­

well­being/health­and­
hygiene/healthy­handwashing­
habits­for­life/helping­people­
get­into­healthy­hygiene­
habits/)



Previous

Providing safe drinking water

Improving oral health

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Health
&
hygiene

Supporting sustainable sanitation
solutions
We’re exploring new models to help more people use safer toilets.

Seeking solutions: a matter of scale
Since 2012, we’ve helped over 10 million people gain improved access to a toilet

through our partnership with UNICEF.  And we’re partnering with others, seeking

1

innovations, and exploring sustainable, commercial models to reach even more

people..

It’s important to assess the effectiveness of new Water, Sanitation and Hygiene

(WASH) models. In India, we’ve applied lifecycle assessments to evaluate the

 environmental impacts of scaling different sanitation solutions

(http://washdev.iwaponline.com/content/7/3/466), considering several scenarios.

Rethinking community hygiene
In some areas, people simply can’t afford a toilet of their own. But poorly maintained

community facilities can put them at risk of disease.

Our pioneering  Suvidha urban WASH Community Centre (PDF | 2MB)

(https://www.hul.co.in/Images/suvidha_hygiene_centre_tcm1255­495963_en.pdf)

adopts a low­cost commercial model to support community hygiene. The Centre is the

first of its kind in India. It offers flushing toilets, handwashing facilities with soap, and

clean showers. It provides safe drinking water and state­of­the­art laundry operations

at an affordable cost for low­income households – between 1­3 Indian rupees a day or

150 rupees for a month’s family pass.

Situated in Azad Nagar, Ghatkopar, one of Mumbai’s largest slums, the Centre has

reached over 1,500 people since it opened on World Toilet Day 2016. Suvidha (which

means ‘facility’ in Hindi) was built with our partners, the Municipal Corporation of

Greater Mumbai and Pratha Samajik Sanstha, a non­profit community organisation.

In 2017, through the Toilet Board Coalition, we also ran a one­year programme

supporting Samagra, a social enterprise which refurbishes run­down community toilets

in India and which received mentoring from our Domestos Global Brand Director. For a

small monthly fee, Samagra enables families to use clean, safe toilets and other

related services.

Spotlight

Clean habits, clean India

More than 3,000 employees at 25 of our factories in India are embracing a new

role – as agents of change. The Swachhata Doots, as they are known (or

‘messengers of cleanliness’) educate and motivate their communities to adopt

better WASH habits. Our volunteers have reached 7.5 million people in 2,600

villages since 2016, as part of our Swachh Aadat, Swachh Bharat (‘Clean

Habits, Clean India’) programme.

Supported by local government, our programme has also partnered with the

Society for Technology and Action for Rural Advancement (TARA). Together, we

are creating a 21 day Swachhata Curriculum for clean habits ­ 21 days being

the recognised period for effective behaviour change (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­

handwashing­habits­for­life/helping­people­get­into­healthy­hygiene­habits/).

Through the Social Transformation Mission involving businesses and the

Maharashta Government, the Swachhata Curriculum has become part of the

state school curriculum. This means it now benefits more than 120,000 children

in rural India. Ten year­old Shweta Rangari is one of those children, or ‘Swachh

Aadat Superheroes’. A student from Indrathana ZP school in Yavatmal, Shweta

refused to go back to school until her father built her a toilet at home. Her father

was so taken aback by the demand that he built a toilet within one week!

TRANSFORMing access to toilets
In partnership with the UK’s Department for International Development (DFID), we

support social enterprises through our joint initiative, TRANSFORM. We co­founded

TRANSFORM in 2015, with an ambition to bring private sector creativity and

commercial approaches to solve persistent global development challenges, including

sanitation.

To date, it has supported 19 projects across nine countries in sub­Saharan Africa and

Asia, which have already benefited over a quarter of a million people. The next phase

of TRANSFORM will build on this and serve as a basis for collaboration with additional

partners to further catalyse impact at scale, to help as many people as possible.

Supporting sanitation entrepreneurs through the
Toilet Board Coalition
We brought together businesses, NGOs, academics and social entrepreneurs to

establish the Toilet Board Coalition in 2014. Its Toilet Accelerator helps small sanitation

enterprises drive business growth and become sustainable in the long­term.

Clean Team Ghana, for example, provides in­home toilets that don’t require plumbing.

Twice a week, waste is collected and safely disposed of. With mentoring from Charlie

Beevor, our VP Household Cleaning and Chairman of the Toilet Board Coalition, the

business is growing. It aims to supply 10,000 households in Kumasi, the country’s

second largest city.

Well­maintained toilets also present a whole new opportunity for business, society and

the environment. During World Water Week in 2017, we joined other members of the

Toilet Board Coalition to explore the business case for a circular sanitation economy.

The idea is to turn human waste into valuable resources like fertilisers, animal feed or

protein.

Sanitation companies in Africa are already beginning to turn this vision into reality.

Sanitation economies are developing in Ghana, South Africa and Kenya, driven by

companies with a clear vision. In Kenya, for example, we’re supporting sanitation

social enterprises like  Sanergy (http://www.sanergy.com/) and  Sanivation

(http://www.sanivation.com/) through the TRANSFORM partnership.

WASH in the workplace
It’s not enough to install facilities and change behaviour at home. People need access

to toilets throughout the day, which means they need good sanitation at work.

Nine out of ten jobs  in developing countries are created by private enterprises. So

2

business clearly has a big role to play in tackling water, sanitation and hygiene

(WASH) in the workplace.

We support the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s Pledge for

Access to WASH at the Workplace. And we’re part of WASH4Work, a group of

businesses and public organisations mobilising efforts to improve access to WASH for

employees, as well as in our supply chains and surrounding communities.

Clean, safe toilets are just one part of our wider WASH activities, which also include

safe drinking water (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/providing­safe­drinking­water/) and handwashing (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­

habits­for­life/).

1
 Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and

indirect initiatives over 2012­2016.

2
 WASH 4 Work:  https://wash4work.org/ (https://wash4work.org/)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­
being/health­and­hygiene/)



Safety & Environmental Science (/about/innovation/safety­and­environment/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Improving oral health
We’re promoting better oral health with a simple but effective message:

brush your teeth day and night.

Fighting tooth decay is vital

1
Almost all adults and up to 90% of children worldwide have experienced tooth decay.

This might seem like a minor complaint, but it can have a big knock­on effect on

health, well­being and productivity.

Toothache is the number one reason for kids missing school in many countries. But it’s

not just their education that suffers. Poor oral hygiene can lead to long­term health

issues and life­threatening illnesses such as heart disease.

The solution is simple: brush teeth regularly with fluoride toothpaste to prevent decay.

Brushing day and night can cut the occurrence of cavities by 90%  compared to not

2

brushing teeth at all.

Stronger teeth means stronger markets for our
toothpaste
An estimated 3 billion people don’t brush their teeth twice a day. Most use less than

half the toothpaste dentists recommend for brushing properly. And 1 billion or more

don’t use fluoride toothpaste at all.

That’s a big prospective market for our oral health brands like Signal – and a lot of

people we can help. Signal is also known as Pepsodent (in Asia & Latin America),

Mentadent (in Italy), Aim (in Greece) and P/S (in Vietnam). Worldwide, we’ve reached

nearly 78 million people, vastly exceeding our original target (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/) of 50 million by 2020. In

2017, This Sustainable Living brand (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/embedding­

sustainability/) grew by 4% globally.

Spotlight

Reaching remote tea estate communities in Sri Lanka

The 420 estates that supply our tea business in Sri Lanka are sprawled across

vast areas – around 200,000 hectares – in inaccessible regions. The terrain

and climate are often harsh. For the 1.5 million people living there, it’s tricky to

get to a dentist – or even to a store to buy essentials that most people take for

granted.

In 2016, we selected five estates to pilot our Perfect Estates programme, based

on the needs of the communities. Thanks to our dental camps, by the end of

2017, kids aged 5–15 on ten estates now get an annual check­up and

treatment from a dentist. And we’re teaching children at 100 estate schools how

important it is to brush their teeth and eat healthily.

New stores on site give estate workers and their families easy access to

hygiene essentials like toothpaste and soap.

The stores give us a new market too – for brands like Signal and Lifebuoy. With

420 plantations across the country, we’ve still got a long way to go but we plan

to reach a further ten estates every year.

The power of partnerships: oral hygiene in
Hungary
By partnering with retailers, we’re able to touch even more lives and strengthen our

relationships with customers too.

A significant number of Hungarian children have bad teeth because they are not taught

oral hygiene from an early age. Our Signal team wanted to tackle this issue and in

2016, launched a campaign, the Smiling Teeth Programme, with DM drug stores in

Hungary. So far, the programme has helped to educate more than 10,000 children

aged 6­8, and their families, at home and in schools on toothbrushing and oral

hygiene.

Spotlight

Reaching remote islands: filling the gap in Greece

For residents of Greece’s isolated Aegean islands, a trip to the dentist can

mean a major expedition. So, we decided to take the dentist to them. How?

With our mobile dentist clinic, staffed by volunteer dentists from local NGO,

Omada Aigaiou (‘Team Aegean’).

The specially­fitted van has everything needed for oral health check­ups, right

down to the dentist’s chair. For over 25 years, people all over Greece have

been met by the smiling face of our driver, Costas, as the mobile clinic does the

rounds. And we’ve given more than 300,000 children dental checks and training

on good oral hygiene.

In 2017, for the second year running, we partnered with our customer Delhaise

(known locally as AB) to reach more people. AB is one of the biggest retailers in

Greece. Together, we shared our story with consumers and raised funds

through a joint cause marketing campaign.

For every Signal (AIM) product sold in AB stores, we donated five cents to

support better oral health for people on 13 remote islands.

In 2017, AB’s sales of AIM products increased by 25%, and the programme has

enhanced consumer loyalty to both brands. The funds raised helped us reach

more than 12,000 children in 2017.

Working with the experts to promote better
brushing behaviour
For over 25 years, we have been on a mission through our Signal brand to encourage

good brushing habits through school programmes and free dental check­ups.

Since 2005, Smile has partnered with the World Dental Federation, an independent

organisation representing over 1 million dentists, to activate the Brush Day and Night

campaign. A fun and engaging school programme, it’s proven to increase brushing

behaviour by 25%. Through Signal, we have made our school  programme materials

(https://www.brushdayandnight.com/Socialmission.html) publicly available online so

that anyone can get involved in teaching kids to brush day and night!

Signal also partners with the World Dental Federation to drive awareness and promote

oral health on 20 March each year, World Oral Health Day. Across 31 markets, we run

online campaigns, pledges to Brush Day & Night, mass toothbrushing and singing

events, singing events, amongst others.

Making a change in just 21 days
Little Brush Big Brush is our free interactive behaviour change game to get children

excited about brushing their teeth. Launched at the end of 2016, Little Brush Big Brush

went live in a further nine markets across Asia and Africa in 2017.

Packed with entertaining animal characters, the game unfolds in a series of daily

episodes delivered via Facebook messenger, text or audio messages. Children must

complete their nightly brushing challenge to unlock the next episode of the story –

every day for 21 days.

Why 21 days? Because research shows that’s how long something needs to be

practised for it to become a habit. This is the theory behind our  Five Levers for

Change (PDF | 4MB) (/Images/slp_5­levers­for­change_tcm244­414399_en.pdf).

Starting good habits early
Starting young can ingrain good habits for a lifetime. That’s why we’re investing in

programmes to teach children the importance of brushing their teeth.

Around 95% of 11­14 year olds from low income families suffer from untreated tooth

decay and this is one of the main reasons for kids missing school. That’s why we set a

vision to change the oral care of 25 million children in Africa alone by 2020. We’re

going into schools across Africa to encourage children to improve their oral health by

brushing their teeth day a night.

Protecting African smiles for a lifetime

For Kosala Hewamadduma, Brand Development Director, Oral Care, the day he

visited the school programme to evaluate the progress in Ethiopia changed his

life.

“As a father, I have never had to educate my children to brush their teeth because

they have just imitated my behaviour. Today, they brush day and night. But the

children at the school I visited in Ethiopia hadn’t seen their parents brushing their

teeth and they weren’t taught about it at school either.

On the day, once we had completed the theory part of the programme, we

handed out toothpaste and toothbrushes to the children. But they were struggling

to understand what to do with them because that was the first time they had ever

seen or touched a toothbrush or toothpaste. It was a real eye­opener and

changed my thinking because I learnt that our Asia Brush Day and Night model

wasn’t working in markets like Ethiopia.

So, we did a long practical session with the kids at that school and I’ve used what

I learned that day to change our school programme in Africa. We introduce kids to

a toothbrush and toothpaste, and now allow more time for the kids to practise

toothbrushing.

By the end of 2017, Signal was the market leading toothpaste in Ethiopia. We’ve

reached over a million Ethiopian children through our toothbrushing programme

and aim to reach over 10 million in the future."

Recruiting young ambassadors for oral hygiene
Parents might be good at telling their children to brush their teeth, but they don’t

always practise what they preach. In Indonesia, 79% of parents tell their children to

brush day and night, but don’t do it themselves.

By educating children, we also have an opportunity to reach their parents, families and

communities as the kids we teach become ambassadors for good oral hygiene. We

give them practical tools, like a 21­day calendar with stickers, to keep track of their

toothbrushing – and their parents’ toothbrushing too.

A smiling future is our goal
We’re convinced that better brushing is the key to a smiling future. We’ve already

made great strides, reaching nearly 78 million people so far. And we want to get even

more brushing night and day.

1
 World Health Organization: http://www.who.int/oral_health/publications/factsheet/en/

2
 Compared with not brushing teeth at all

Related links



Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/improving­
health­and­well­
being/health­
and­hygiene/)



Previous

Toilets for a better tomorrow

Next 

Building body confidence and self­esteem

 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Building body confidence and self-esteem
Dove believes beauty should be for everyone and is inspiring millions of

women and girls around the world to be confident in their beautiful selves.

Body confidence affects self-confidence

Women and girls around the world are more anxious about their bodies than ever. And

when they lose confidence in their bodies, many lose confidence in themselves.

Half the women we spoke to – and seven in ten girls – said they have failed to be

1
assertive or stick to a decision as a result of not feeling good about the way they look.

This can have a profound effect on their lives, their careers, their futures – and their

health.

Eight in ten girls opt out of important life activities, such as trying out for a team or

joining a club at school, if they don’t feel good about the way they look. It could even

mean that they don’t want to hang out with their friends.

Seven in ten girls stop themselves from eating when they are worried about their

appearance or otherwise put their health at risk by not seeing a doctor. For adult

women, it’s a whopping nine in ten.

We want to create a world where beauty is a source of confidence, not anxiety. Dove,

our leading personal care brand, is helping women and girls realize their own beauty

potential, be confident in their own bodies and build their self­esteem. Dove has

believed that beauty should be a source of confidence for 60 years, and recommitted

this in 2017 by renewing its vows to women everywhere.

The Dove Real Beauty Pledge
Dove celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2017 by renewing its vows to women

everywhere.

Vow 1: We always feature real women, never models

We believe beauty is for everyone. Models reflect a narrow view of beauty. Instead, we

feature real women introduced by their real names – of all different ages, sizes,

ethnicities, and hair colours, types or styles.

Vow 2: We portray women as they are in real life

Flawless images of ‘perfect’ beauty are retouched and manipulated to present an

unachievable appearance. The women you see in Dove ads are never digitally

distorted. And they have approval of the images before they are used.

Vow 3: We help girls build body confidence and self-esteem

Dove is on a mission to ensure the next generation of women grows up feeling positive

about the way they look.

Boosting body confidence and self-esteem
No young person should be held back from reaching their full potential. Since 2004,

the Dove Self­Esteem Project has helped 29 million young people build self­esteem

and positive body confidence through our educational programmes. In 2017 we

reached 5.8 million young people ­ our biggest reach in a single year to date and a

37% increase from 2016. Our ambition is to help 40 million young people by 2020.

The Dove Self­Esteem Project offers  confidence building workshops for classrooms

(https://www.dove.com/uk/dove­self­esteem­project/school­workshops­on­body­image­

confident­me.html) and  educational activities for mentors and youth leaders

(https://www.dove.com/uk/dove­self­esteem­project/self­esteem­resources­for­youth­

groups.html). We work with world renowned body image experts and leading

universities to develop evidence based educational tools that have a proven positive

tangible impact on young people’s self­esteem.

Our guides for teachers called Confident Me, for parents called Uniquely Me and youth

leaders True to Me help them get young people talking about body image and build

their self­confidence. The titles may vary, but the theme of all our guides is the same.

Everyone should grow up feeling confident about their looks. The positive impact of

our school self­esteem programmes has been proven by academic studies.  Other

2

resources include  activity guides (https://www.dove.com/uk/dove­self­esteem­

project/help­for­parents/uniquely­me­a­tool­to­help­build­positive­body­

confidence.html) and  online articles (https://www.dove.com/uk/dove­self­esteem­

project/help­for­parents.html) that help parents tackle tough topics like bullying and

poor body image.

We’re also working with the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts

(WAGGGS) to get the message across to more young women. Our  Free Being Me

(https://www.dove.com/uk/dove­self­esteem­project/self­esteem­resources­for­youth­

groups.html) programme has reached 4 million girls in over 125 countries since 2013

and we’re aiming to reach 6.5 million by 2020.

In 2017 we developed a new badge programme called Action on Body Confidence,

which intends to help give every girl a voice. The new advocacy skills developed will

allow girls to make their passion heard, allowing them to act as a life changer in

smaller communities and reach even more girls.

In 2017,  Dove and members of WAGGGS went to the UN

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11P9HW45DDU) to help girls raise their voice and

speak out about body image issues that they feel passionate about. Girl Guide

delegates – 20 delegates from 15 different countries aged 18­25 – spoke to world

leaders about what they have learned about body image in their own country ­ and the

impact they have seen it have on their peers and community.

The delegates requested for education on body confidence and self­esteem to be

provided to more young people, and for the issue to be addressed in each of their

countries.

Dove Day for thought leaders
Every year, Dove Day catalyses our employees’ efforts to help boost self­esteem

among young people. In 2017, for the first time, we ran a Dove Day workshop and

panel event – at which, our former CEO Paul Polman, spoke – for thought leaders,

industry and body image experts, and influential thinkers.

At the event, we launched our 2017 Dove Global Girls Beauty and Confidence Report

– our first global study on girls’ self­esteem and body confidence. Our aim was to raise

awareness amongst these influential groups of people about the extent of girls’ low

body confidence – and how Dove is tackling the issue through our Dove Self­esteem

Project. Those attending were invited to see the Dove Self­esteem Project in action at

a London school.

Getting back to reality
Seven in ten women and girls believe media and advertising set an unrealistic

standard of beauty that most women can’t ever achieve.

Around 40% of women don’t relate at all to those they see in advertising. And 80%

3
wish the media did a better job portraying realistic and diverse body image.

Our message is simple: Beauty is for everyone. We believe that beauty should be a

source of confidence and not anxiety.

Dove is at the forefront of our efforts to #Unstereotype (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­norms/) advertising

across our Beauty & Personal Care, Home Care, Foods & Refreshment brands. And

we want more businesses to follow our lead.

In the UK, one in four people suffer anxiety about body image, with a recent study

showing 55% of young people have been bullied about the way they look. We co­

founded the national Be Real campaign for body confidence in 2014 with the YMCA

and the UK Government, calling on brands to better reflect what people really look like.

It encourages people to vote with their shopping baskets by choosing brands that

promote body confidence.

Real beauty, real business benefits
Celebrating real beauty isn’t just building body confidence. It’s building our business

too. Dove is our largest Beauty & Personal Care brand and it continued to grow in

2017.

Ads with progressive portrayals of people are 25% more effective. People connect with

them better and talk about them more. That means a stronger impact for our brand.

When women learn about Dove’s Self­Esteem Project, their perception of Dove shifts

and they’re more likely to buy our products. There’s a direct link between awareness of

the project and brand equity.  Women are 15% more likely to purchase Dove products

4

– and in some markets, this is even higher. For example, in the US and India , the

5

proportion of women likely to purchase Dove products increased by 21% and 7%

respectively, when they are made aware of the impact of the Dove Self­Esteem

Project.

Self-esteem: not just for girls
It’s not just girls and women who are affected by low self­esteem. Men are too.

Over half of men have been told that a real man should behave in a certain way.  That

6

kind of pressure can lead to bullying, depression and suicide.

We’re tackling ‘toxic’ portrayals of masculinity to help liberate men to be themselves

and feel good about it. A new  campaign (https://www.lynxformen.com/uk/is­it­ok­for­

guys.html) from our male grooming brand Axe asks, ‘Is it OK for guys?’.

This is part of our broader efforts to #Unstereotype (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­norms/) advertising

and change harmful social norms across our brands.

1
 Dove Global Beauty and Confidence Report (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/global­beauty­confidence­report­

infographic_tcm244­501412_en.pdf) (2017), based on responses from more than 10,500 girls and women

aged 10­64 in 13 markets.

2
 Behaviour Research and Therapy Journal (2015).

3
 Dove Global Beauty and Confidence Report (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/global­beauty­confidence­report­

infographic_tcm244­501412_en.pdf) (2017), based on responses from more than 10,500 girls and women

aged 10­64 in 13 markets.

4
 Millward Brown Dove Masterbrand Dove Self­esteem Project Analysis, September 2016, [Base: Women

aged 24­54, USA (758), UK (400), Brazil (643), China (399), India (632)].

5
 Millward Brown Dove Masterbrand Dove Self­esteem Project Analysis, September 2016, [Base: Women

aged 24­54, USA (758), UK (400), Brazil (643), China (399), India (632)].

6
 Promundo and Axe: The Man Box – a Study on Being a Young Man in the US, UK and Mexico, 2017. 3500

men surveyed.

Related links



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­
and­hygiene/)



Previous

Improving oral health

Next 

Ready to respond to disasters and emergencies

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Health & hygiene

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Ready to respond to disasters &
emergencies
We’re using our resources, expertise, products, and networks to better

prepare for and respond to natural disasters – and support the needs of the

millions of individuals forcibly displaced from their homes.

More people than ever are having to leave their
homes
Every year, there are 26 million people pushed into poverty in the face of increasingly

1
frequent and severe natural disasters.  These disasters have a huge human,

environmental, societal and economic cost, and the effects of climate change will only

2
drive these costs higher.

On top of this, the current refugee crisis represents perhaps the biggest humanitarian

challenge the world has ever known. An estimated 65.6 million people worldwide have

been displaced from their homes by conflict, famine and persecution.  Among them

3

are nearly 22.5 million refugees, over half of whom are under 18.

The impact of these crises – natural and man­made – is immense. They deprive

people of their homes and livelihoods, tear families apart, devastate communities and

destroy lives. They also disrupt the supply of essential goods and services, with

businesses around the world – including ours – feeling the effects throughout the value

chain.

This is why Unilever is committed to helping people better prepare for such crises,

navigate these challenging times and rebuild or settle in their new homes, while

working to make our business resilient in the face of increasing disasters and

emergencies.

Always be prepared
Being prepared drives resilience – for communities and our business. We regularly

look at which countries are most vulnerable to being affected by disasters and

emergencies, and we invest to help them prepare.

For example, we  worked with the Humanitarian Leadership Academy

(http://www.humanitarianleadershipacademy.org/stories/working­together­to­respond­

to­disasters­in­the­philippines/) in 2016 and 2017 to help small Philippine­based

businesses in our value chain prepare for emergencies. By training them to create

business continuity plans, we can help ensure their resilience after a disaster and help

people access essential goods in times of need – both of which can positively

contribute to the local economy.

In addition to looking at our own business, we actively advocate for non­governmental

organisations (NGOs) and businesses to break down the silos that exist and work

together to better prepare for crises.

Spotlight

Vaseline lends a healing hand

Millions of people affected by crises or poverty suffer from extreme physical

discomfort and infection. This can leave them unable to work or function

properly.

The cause? Common skin conditions that could be treated – or even prevented

altogether – with a simple jar of Vaseline® Jelly. 82% of frontline health workers

supporting people in crisis said that petroleum jelly would help them treat skin

ailments better.

4

We’re raising awareness and funds through our Vaseline® skin products. Our

 video campaign (https://www.youtube.com/watch?

v=1zzBaStk47s&feature=youtu.be) highlights the extraordinary difference that

an ordinary jar of Vaseline® Jelly can make to people in need.

The Vaseline® Healing Project channels our support through the international

relief organisation, Direct Relief. Since 2015, we’ve donated 3.3 million jars and

bottles of Vaseline® Jelly, as well as providing expert skin care and training for

local health workers. In 2017, our teams of dermatologists treated 1,760 Syrian

refugees in Jordan camps. We sent almost 10,000 units of Vaseline® products

to support Syrian refugees in Greece and Jordan. And we trained 563 primary

healthcare workers to spot and treat skin conditions across India, South Africa

and Mexico.

By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline® Healing Project,

setting us on our way to help heal the skin of five million people by 2020.

Relief where it counts
When a disaster strikes, we offer our expertise, products and funds to support

emergency relief efforts and help communities address the immediate challenges that

they face. We’re currently developing a rapid response toolkit to enable our global and

country offices to work closely with our partners to quickly understand what’s needed

and how they can help.

We have also created partnerships that provide immediate help. For example, in 2017,

we partnered with international humanitarian aid organisation  Direct Relief

(https://www.directrelief.org/) to help get people the products they need as fast as

possible in times of crisis. Our soap, body wash and shampoo are part of the

emergency kits distributed through Direct Relief’s networks.

Direct Relief has distributed thousands of kits in response to the 2017 hurricane

season across the US and Caribbean islands, and in response to the flooding in Sierra

Leone and Nepal.

Spotlight

Mum’s magic hands guide the way in disaster areas

Refugee communities and those affected by flood, earthquake or other natural

or man­made disasters are among the most vulnerable to disease. In 2017, we

teamed up with  Oxfam (https://www.oxfam.org/) to create a customised

programme – the first of its kind in an emergency setting – to promote

handwashing with soap on key occasions (before preparing food, before eating,

and after toilet use) to prevent the spread of diseases.

Every situation is different, so we spoke to women who were impacted by

different emergencies – in Nepal, Pakistan and the Philippines – to help us

understand the challenges they face in day­to­day life. We also identified the

barriers and motivators to behaviour change in each of these settings. In

response, we developed Mum’s Magic Hands, a programme that targets

mothers and, through them, their families, in extremely difficult conditions.

At its heart is a story about a Mum and her magic hands, told through the eyes

of a little girl. Mothers nurture their kids against all odds and their magic hands

put their children to sleep, clean them, help them learn to walk and soothe

away their pain – and washing those magic hands can prevent their children

from getting ill. The story is brought to life through a series of sessions, with

activities and stickers to promote and reinforce the practice of handwashing

with soap at home and in the community.

The programme reached 900 mothers across earthquake affected areas in

Nepal and was extremely successful in improving handwashing with soap

knowledge and practice during the key occasions targeted. The pilot showed

significant increases in practice of handwashing with soap before eating and

preparing food (18% and 17% respectively). The programme also proved to

significantly impact handwashing with soap after toilet with 45% more mothers

5
observed washing their hands with soap.

We are now working with Oxfam to share our programme findings with other

organizations with the objective of offering the full suite of materials developed

to interested humanitarian­based organizations that aim to improve

handwashing with soap practice in emergency affected areas.

Displaced but not forgotten: supporting refugees'
long-term needs
Some emergencies take place over a matter of hours, others over years. Either way,

those impacted require support to rebuild their lives.

As such, we’re leveraging our brands, products and partnerships to help displaced

families access everyday essentials, develop their skills and settle into their new

homes.

In Lebanon, Iraq and Jordan, Unilever joined forces with the  United Nations High

Commissioner for Refugees (http://www.unhcr.org/) and Carrefour to help vulnerable

individuals during the cold winter months. Through our campaign  Smile with Us

(https://sellingwithpurpose.unilever.com/?p=961), we raised awareness of the refugee

crisis in retail stores and donated a portion of the proceeds from the sale of our

products to provide families with essential everyday items. This campaign enabled us

to support hundreds of refugee families, while unlocking business growth and

consumer engagement.

In Germany, we’re partnering with the  Red Cross (https://www.drk.de/) to offer

career coaching to refugees, with help from our employee volunteers. In the UK, we

are working with  Sponsor Refugees (http://www.sponsorrefugees.org/) to facilitate

refugees’ social inclusion and integration by supporting their Community Sponsorship

of Refugees scheme, through which community groups take on the responsibility of

welcoming, supporting and settling refugee families.

Speaking up for refugee rights

We’re using our voice as a major global business to raise awareness of the refugee

crisis, engage the private sector and champion policies that support the rights of

refugees.

In early 2017, we joined the  Tent Partnership for Refugees

(https://www.tent.org/partners/), which brings together businesses, governments and

relief organisations. Additionally, we committed to work with local NGOs across Europe

and the Middle East to help refugees access essential hygiene products and

behaviours, develop skills, and feel at home in their host country.

In September 2017, our former CEO Paul Polman spoke in the margins of the UN

General Assembly alongside other business leaders. He used his speech to reinforce

the urgent need for action from the private sector.

We chose World Refugee Day on 20 June 2017 to kick off a Ben & Jerry’s campaign,

 ‘Together for Refugees’ (https://www.benjerry.co.uk/values/issues­we­care­

about/refugees), with the  International Rescue Committee

(https://www.rescue.org/). It asks European consumers to urge their representatives in

Brussels to expand refugee resettlement in the EU.

Nearly 20,000 people have already emailed their Members of European Parliament

across Europe and 17,500 have signed a petition in the Netherlands alone. Ben &

Jerry's has also launched a new ice cream flavour − Home Sweet Honey Comb – to

support the campaign. The packaging carries a clear message: ‘Refugees Welcome’.

Encouraging business to embrace refugees
Through Ben & Jerry’s, we’re partnering with  The Entrepreneurial Refugee Network

(TERN) (http://www.wearetern.org/) to help refugees improve their livelihoods and

better integrate them into their new society. The Ice Cream Entrepreneurs (ICE)

Academy gives refugee entrepreneurs the training they need to develop their own

business, alongside short­term jobs in our own business.

In 2017, we piloted the ICE Academy in the UK and we are extending it to Germany

and the Netherlands in 2018.

We have also contributed to a  report (http://bteam.org/announcements/new­report­

refugees­are­an­opportunity­for­humanity/) by the non­profit organisation the B­Team,

that highlights eight ways that companies can help refugees – from creating jobs to

using their voice. The report emphasises that businesses can help to change the

narrative around refugees and change the system. We aim to be part of that change.

1
 World Bank & Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery: Unbreakable: Building the resilience of

the poor in the face of natural disasters, 2016

2
 World Meteorological Organization: The Escalating Impacts of Climate­Related Natural Disasters, Report/15,

July 2014

3
 World Bank:  http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/feature/2016/11/14/breaking­the­link­between­extreme­

weather­and­extreme­poverty (http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/feature/2016/11/14/breaking­the­link­

between­extreme­weather­and­extreme­poverty)

4
 Based on an internal survey of 127 of Direct Relief’s partner clinics across 39 countries

5
 Lifebuoy and Unilever’s Chief Sustainability Office partnership with Oxfam, collaborating on a handwashing

with soap behaviour change programme for communities affected by flood, earthquake or other type of

emergency. The programme was piloted in Nepal following the earthquake in 2015.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­
being/health­and­hygiene/)



Healthy handwashing habits for life (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­
well­being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/)



Previous

Building body confidence and self­esteem

Next 

Healthy handwashing habits for life

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Improving nutrition 

Our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition – foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are 
a force for good.  

Food is essential to life 
Food nourishes us every day. Not only does it sustain life, it gives pleasure, brings people together 
and is an important ingredient in every culture. Life without delicious and healthy food just wouldn’t be 
the same – and many people are as passionate about food and drink as we are.  

Unilever has a long heritage of quality food and drink products. Our brands such as Knorr, 
Hellmann’s, Lipton and Blue Band have been offering good nutrition with great taste for over 100 
years. For more than a decade, we have been working to make our products – like Ben & Jerry’s, 
Wall’s, Brooke Bond and Flora – even healthier by increasing the goodness and reducing nutrients of 
concern like sugar, salt and saturated fat. We also use the power of our brands to empower people to 
make responsible choices. 

Everything we do is underpinned by evidence-backed scientific research, with a focus on the people 
who use our products. We want our products to appeal to people who enjoy a healthy diet and still 
include occasional treats. We are committed to ensuring our products, such as our children’s ice 
creams, are clearly labelled with nutritional information, available in appropriate portion sizes, and 
marketed responsibly. And we continue to support education and behaviour change through our 
nutrition programmes. 

The world’s food system is broken  
The way the world produces and consumes food today is unsustainable. From over-exploitation and 
climate change, to waste and poor diets, the food system needs fixing. By the middle of this century, 
farms will need to feed an extra 1.5 billion people.1 Today, around one in nine people – 800 million – 
go to bed hungry every night.2 Meanwhile, one-third of food is never eaten. That’s the equivalent of 
sub-Saharan Africa’s entire annual harvest, costing the global economy $750 billion and 3.3 billion 
tonnes of greenhouse gases, not to mention lives lost. 

As the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) acknowledge, responsibility for 
bringing about change is widespread. Governments need to start working together more. Farmers 
and producers need to become more efficient and adopt 
sustainable practices. Business has a critical role to play in 
making sustainable and healthy foods and drinks the norm, 
and giving consumers more choice.  

“Next to our moral obligations to address 

Nutrition is central to achieving the SDGs – especially Zero 
Hunger (SDG2). The Global Nutrition Report 2017 says 
without addressing nutrition-related issues such as 
undernutrition, obesity, sustainable agriculture and food 
waste, it will be impossible to achieve many of the SDGs – 
including No Poverty (SDG1), Gender Equality (SDG5) and 
Climate Action (SDG13). The business case for action is clear: for every £1 spent on nutrition, at least 
£16 is returned in economic benefits. 

Paul Polman, Unilever CEO 

food system challenges, it is an enormous 
business opportunity. Achieving food 
security could create 80 million jobs and 
unlock 14 major business opportunities 
worth $2.3 trillion annually by 2030.” 

When our CEO, Paul Polman, joined global leaders in New York in September 2017 for the UN 
General Assembly, he affirmed the role of business in helping to deliver the food system 
transformation needed. 

1 

 
 
 
 
 
Our Sustainable Nutrition Strategy 

To mend the world’s broken food system, our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition – foods and 
refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a force for good. Sustainable Nutrition is a 
commitment from farm to fork – to produce accessible and affordable nutritious food and drink with 
respect for ecosystems, benefiting the livelihoods of food producers and improving the health and 
well-being of those who enjoy our products. Find out more about Sustainable Nutrition here.  

Continuing our work on Highest Nutritional Standards 
One of the key strands of Sustainable Nutrition is to continue with the work we started in 2003, under 
the pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme, which we formalised in 2010 as part of the 
Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).  

To deliver on our USLP nutrition targets which aim to reduce key nutrients of concern such as sugar, 
salt and saturated fat, we take a comprehensive approach. We have assessed and continue to 
assess every brand and product (including joint ventures) sold in every channel, in every country. We 
measure them against our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS), which are based on guidelines from 
the World Health Organization (WHO).  

This means all our consumers will benefit from the progress against our nutrition targets. That is also 
why we measure our progress on a volume (% sales volumes) rather than an SKU (Stock Keeping 
Unit) basis, as a better estimate of what people actually eat. Setting our targets based on volumes 
encourages us to grow sales of products that meet our HNS.  

We consider nutrition factors as well as sustainability and ethical criteria as part of food and drink 
acquisitions. For example, the acquisition of Sir Kensington’s showed perfect alignment between our 
strategy and its mission and products. Sir Kensington’s delicious food delights consumers, has less 
impact on the environment, and promotes nutritious cooking. 

Progress to date on Highest Nutritional Standards 
At least 60% of our portfolio will meet our HNS by 2020. So far, 39% by volume3 already meets these 
standards and we are on track to achieve this ambitious target. A great deal of reformulation is 
underway in all our product categories and we have made significant progress on reducing salt, 
saturated fat, calories and sugar. 

In 2017, the salt levels in 63% of our food products (by volume) meet benchmarks consistent with 
WHO recommended intakes of 5g of salt per day. 80% of our global portfolio of soft vegetable oil 
spreads4 contained no more than 33% saturated fat and at least 67% good unsaturated fat. Globally, 
90% of our packaged ice creams now contain no more than 250 kcals per portion. And since 2010, 
we have reduced sugar in our sweetened tea beverages by 15%. 

We continually share our progress and approach with nutrition and public health experts so that they 
can talk about the benefits of our products with consumers. And our approach to reformulating our 
portfolio has been endorsed externally: we were ranked top performer in the 2016 Global Access to 
Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition programmes of the world’s largest food 
and beverage manufacturers. And in India, we were ranked number two in the India Spotlight Index in 
2016. 

2 

A leading role in food system reform 
We know that to achieve Sustainable Nutrition for all, we need to work with others in the food and 
related industries – NGOs, governments, farmers, suppliers and importantly, consumers – to change 
the relationship between the production and consumption of food and drink. Only by reconnecting 
people to the food and drink they consume will we build a new food system that supports the health of 
people and the planet. 

At the heart of Sustainable Nutrition is our work with a range of different organisations to help deliver 
food system reform for a number of years. For instance, as part of the World Economic Forum’s 
(WEF) New Vision for Agriculture we have advocated sustainable agriculture, contributing to food 
security, environmental sustainability and economic opportunity. We have worked through WEF to 
partner with the G7 and G20 at a global level. 

To help develop science-based targets, technical solutions and policy at national and global level, 
Paul Polman chairs the Food and Land Use (FOLU) coalition. This brings together over 30 
organisations from academia, government, civil society and business to unlock new models of 
Sustainable Nutrition that work for people and the planet. 

Unilever is playing a leading role in the Food Reform for Sustainability and Health (FReSH) coalition. 
This was established by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the 
EAT Foundation to support FOLU’s ambition by developing business solutions across the food value 
chain. As part of this, a Director from Unilever’s Chief Sustainability Office has been seconded to the 
WBCSD for one year to lead the initiative. 

We are also working closely with the SDG2 Advocacy Hub – a coalition of nutrition-focused NGOs 
and businesses – to use our brands, consumer insights and behaviour-change expertise to build 
public awareness and advocate for food system reform. 

Contributing to scientific progress 
We contribute to the latest scientific thinking on nutrition security and sustainable diets. In 2017, for 
example, we held a joint workshop on sustainable nutrition with the Sackler Institute for Nutrition 
Science. Participants included experts in food systems, environmental science, nutrition and food 
science, waste management, marketing and consumer behaviour. We discussed a number of issues 
including metrics for measuring the environmental impact of production, how to create demand for 
sustainable, affordable and healthful food, and research needs to further inform sustainable nutrition 
strategies.  

3 

  
 
Scientific understanding is constantly evolving, so we collaborate with prominent research partners 
such as the Top Institute Food and Nutrition in the Netherlands and the Harvard School of Public 
Health in the US. We research motivators for behaviour change, for example with the International 
Union of Nutrition Sciences.1 When we conduct research, we make sure we apply the highest 
standards of integrity. And we share our findings through scientific conferences and peer-reviewed 
publications (PDF | 275KB).  

We use our knowledge to play a leading role in industry-wide, self-regulating initiatives that encourage 
better products, better diets and better lives. We take part in trade associations such as the 
International Food & Beverage Alliance (IFBA), Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), FoodDrinkEurope 
(FDE), Better Business Bureau (BBB) in North America and Food Industry Asia (FIA). And we support 
broad coalitions and partnerships, such as the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), Scaling 
Up Nutrition (SUN) and the World Food Programme (WFP).  

Future challenges 

“The global food system needs an overhaul. 

With 8.5 billion mouths to feed by 2030, the 
time to act is now.” 

Nitin Paranjpe, President Foods & 
Refreshment, Unilever 

The Global Nutrition Report 2017 showed that progress, by 
governments, health authorities and industry, is not being 
made fast enough to address the dual burden of 
malnutrition: overnutrition and undernutrition. We need more 
collective action from a wide range of stakeholders to help 
people change their eating habits. In addition, we are seeing 
increased regulation on the food industry as a tool to help 
drive change and force quicker action on nutrients of 
concern.  

We have a firmly established programme of driving down salt, saturated fat, sugar and calories in 
many products. We will ensure that they continue to meet people’s taste and quality expectations, as 
healthy food that is not chosen by consumers has no impact. 

We are stepping up our work on micronutrient fortification, for example, through iron-fortified bouillon 
cubes in Nigeria and Kenya. This will ensure our products reach more people, including those in lower 
income groups. We are also focusing more on digital promotion of healthy recipes for our brands, 
using consistent standards that emphasise key nutrients as well as healthy ingredients. 

While we know that much more work needs to be done, and are determined to play our part, we are 
pleased that our work to date has been recognised and will continue our efforts towards Sustainable 
Nutrition. 

1 FAO (p.5) http://www.fao.org/fileadmin/templates/wsfs/docs/expert_paper/How_to_Feed_the_World_in_2050.pdf 
2 UN Global Food Insecurity Report 2014 
3 To measure our progress in nutrition, we use a reporting period that runs from 1 October to 30 September. See our Highest Nutritional Standards (PDF | 324KB) 
4 For all other products in our spreads portfolio, including our mélanges, we strive for the lowest saturated fat level possible without compromising on product 
performance and consumer and customer expectations. 

4 

 
 
 
 
Targets & performance  

Our ambitious nutrition targets have the potential to help hundreds of millions of people to enjoy great food and better diets.  

Improving nutrition  

OUR COMMITMENT 
We will continually work to improve the taste and nutritional quality of all our products. The majority of our products meet, or are 
better than, benchmarks based on national nutritional recommendations. Our commitment goes further: by 2020, we will double 
the proportion of our portfolio that meets our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS), based on globally recognised dietary 
guidelines. This will help hundreds of millions of people to achieve a healthier diet. 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, 39%† of our portfolio by volume met the Highest Nutritional Standards, based on globally recognised dietary 
guidelines  

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Meeting HNS – a more stringent approach by Unilever based on national nutritional recommendations – is a significant 
commitment. It involves reformulating our products to make great-tasting food and beverages that consumers enjoy while 
meeting our stretching targets.  

The majority of our portfolio already meets benchmarks based on national nutritional recommendations. We are on track to 
meet our more stringent 2020 commitment, which means that 60% of our foods and beverages portfolio by volume and across 
all countries will meet our HNS (against a baseline of 30%). By 2017, 39% met these standards.1 This equates to well over half 
of the servings that we sell. 

A great deal of reformulation is underway in all our product categories and we have made significant progress on reducing salt, 
sugar and saturated fat, while also delivering positive nutrition as part of our Sustainable Nutrition strategy. We continually 
share our progress and approach with nutrition and public health experts so that they can also talk about the benefits of our 
products with consumers. 

Our approach to reformulating our portfolio has been endorsed externally: we were ranked top performer in the 2016 Global 
Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition programmes of the world’s largest food and beverage 
manufacturers. And in India, we were ranked number two in the India Spotlight Index in 2016.  

We are working hard to deliver these improvements for the millions of people who enjoy our food and beverages every day. 
See a summary of our performance against our global nutrition targets in our top countries in 2017. We assure performance on 
the pillars and targets of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan on a rolling basis; the most recent assurance of our nutrition pillar 
was carried out in 2017 by PwC. See Independent Assurance for our approach to assurance. 

† Independently assured by PwC.  
1 To measure our progress in nutrition, we use a reporting period that runs from 1 October to 30 September. See our Highest Nutritional Standards (PDF | 319KB). 

Achieved 3            

    On-Plan 3       

Off-Plan 0                % Of target achieved 4 

5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Last modified by: Jonny McCaig 

TITLE OF PILLAR HUB PAGE 
L1: Improving health & well-being > L2: Improving nutrition 

Last modified on: 26 February 2018 

Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Reduce salt levels 

Our first milestone was to reduce salt levels to 6g per day by the end of 2010. This required reductions of up to 25%. In 2010, 
we stated that our ambition was to reduce salt by a further 15-20% on average to meet the target of 5g salt per day. In 2013, 
we clarified our commitment. 

• 

By 2020, 75% of our Foods portfolio will meet salt levels to enable intakes of 5g per day. 

63% of our Foods portfolio was compliant with the 5g target in 2017. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We are on track towards our 2020 target. Our Foods and Refreshment category and Food Solutions professional catering 
business continue to implement agreed salt reduction plans, while delivering great taste. Consumer acceptance is a key 
success factor for salt reduction. Great-tasting products will have the most impact because we know consumers will not give up 
taste for health. We also continue to work with governments, health authorities and healthcare professionals to address the 
triggers and barriers that people experience in adopting healthier habits, given that current population salt intakes significantly 
exceed recommended levels. 

More taste, less salt 

Reduce saturated fat 

We are committed to improving the fat composition of our products by reducing saturated fat as much as possible and 
increasing levels of essential fats. 

• By 2012 our leading spreads will contain less than 33% saturated fat as a proportion of total fat. 

92% of our leading spreads by volume contained less than 33% saturated fat as a proportion of total fat by 2012. 

• A daily portion will provide at least 15% of the essential fatty acids recommended by international dietary guidelines. 

92% of our leading spreads by volume provided at least 15% of the essential fatty acids recommended by international 

guidelines by 2012. 

We want to improve further the fat quality of all the soft vegetable oil spreads that we sell in tubs. In 2013, we extended our 
commitment. 

• 

By 2017, 90% of our complete global portfolio of soft vegetable oil spreads1 will contain no more than 33% fat as 
saturated fat and at least 67% as good unsaturated fat. 

In tropical areas, without chilled distribution, the maximum saturated fat content will be set at 38%, as a slightly higher saturated 
fat level is required to maintain stability of the spreads. 

89

80% of our global portfolio of soft vegetable oil spreads1 contained no more than 33% saturated fat and at least 67% 
good unsaturated fat in 2017. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
The proportion of our global portfolio of soft vegetable spreads meeting our target increased slightly from 79% in 2016 to 80% 
in 2017. This is 10% short of our goal, meaning we missed our target. The demand for our spreads containing less saturated fat 
increased less than we expected.  

While our spreads that are low in saturated fat still appeal to consumers, many of our lower saturated fat products are competing 
with products higher in saturated fat, such as butter which has a different taste and consistency. Indeed, some of our newly 
formulated products now contain more saturated fat than our target, to deliver the taste and culinary performance consumers want. 
This was a difficult decision, but our vegetable spreads are still the healthier option in the market compared to butter.  

We believe our efforts have made a meaningful contribution to reducing saturated fat in people’s diets. For example, we have 
found that promoting awareness of heart health is often more effective in collaboration with health authorities and healthcare 
professionals. We are confident this legacy will continue once our Spreads business is under new ownership.  

1 For all other products in our spreads portfolio, including our mélanges, we strive for the lowest saturated fat level possible without compromising on product 
performance and consumer and customer expectations.  

Good fats and oil from plants  

6 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Last modified by: Jonny McCaig 

TITLE OF PILLAR HUB PAGE 
L1: Improving health & well-being > L2: Improving nutrition 

Remove trans fat 

Last modified on: 26 February 2018 

By 2012, we will have removed from all our products any trans fats originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. 

By 2012, 100% of our portfolio by volume did not contain trans fats originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable 
oil.1 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 

By 2012, we had met our target to eliminate trans fat originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil from our products 
worldwide. We undertake regular reviews of our products to ensure we continue to be compliant. If products with trans fat 
originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil are found, they are reformulated. 

1 We have published our definition and approach to removing trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. See: Melnikov S & Zevenbergen H. "Implementation of 
removing trans fatty acids originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils". New Food 2012; 5: 44-46. This approach focuses on main ingredients in our recipes and 
does not include traces of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in some flavours or emulsifiers.  

Good fats and oil from plants 

Reduce sugar 

Prior to 2010 we had already reduced sugar levels in our ready-to-drink teas. By 2020, we will remove an additional 25% sugar 
in ready-to-drink teas. In 2014, we extended this target to include our powdered ice tea and milk tea products.1 

15% sugar reduction across all our sweetened tea-based beverages in 2017 since 2010. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We are on track to meet our 2020 target. In 2017, we continued making progress, reducing sugar levels in many existing 
products, and launching new products with lower sugar content in many markets. This led to a 2.8% sugar reduction in 2017 
compared to 2016. We will continue to reduce sugar levels in our tea-based beverage portfolio, and to offer beverages and 
innovations with lower sugar content, while maintaining the taste that consumers enjoy. 

1 Our sugar reduction target applies to all ready-to-drink teas, powdered ice tea and milk tea products, liquid concentrates, retail and foodservice and any new formats 
that are sweetened for the total time period of 2010 to 2020. 

Less sugar, fewer calories  

Reduce sugar 

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Last modified by: Jonny McCaig 

IMPROVING NUTRITION  
L1: Improving health & well-being > L2: Improving nutrition 

Reduce calories 

Last modified on: 26 February 2018 

• 

By 2014, 100% of our children’s ice creams will contain 110 kilocalories or fewer per portion. 60% will meet this level 
by 2012. 

100% of our children’s ice creams contained 110 kilocalories or fewer per portion in 2014. This achievement has 
been maintained every year since, including in 2017.2 

• 

By 2015, 80% of our packaged ice cream products will not exceed 250 kilocalories per portion.1 

91% of our packaged ice cream by volume contained 250 kilocalories or fewer per portion in 2015. This achievement 
was maintained, with 90% meeting target in 2017.2 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We reached our children’s ice creams target in 2014, with 100% of our children’s ice creams containing 110 kilocalories or 
fewer per portion. This achievement has been maintained every year since, including in 2017. We were one of the first global 
companies to ensure that all our children’s ice creams are nutritionally responsible. Maintaining 100% compliance remains an 
important goal.  

We achieved our packaged ice cream target in 2015 and 2016, with 91% of our packaged ice cream by volume contained 250 
kilocalories or fewer per portion. This exceeded our target of 80%. In 2017, 90% of our packaged ice creams contained no 
more than 250 calories (calculated based on 94% of global ice cream sales volume).   

The sales volume for indulgent products (those over 250 calories) has increased in 2017 compared to prior years. As a result, 
the percentage compliance has decreased slightly to 90%, as the total sales volume of products under 250 calories per portion 
has not grown at the same rate. However, our performance is still well above our 80% target. We continue to demonstrate our 
responsible approach across our ice cream business, aiming where possible for products to be under 250 calories per portion, 
and at least 80% compliant in every market. 

1 A portion is defined as: a pre-packed single-serve ice cream product meant to be consumed in one go, or 100 ml when sold in packaging aimed at multi-consumption 
moments such as tubs. 

2 Our children’s ice cream target was assessed at the end of Q4 2014; our packaged ice cream reporting assessed progress from Q4 2015 to Q3 2016. We continue to 
measure progress against our targets for transparency. 

Less sugar, fewer calories 

Re cal 

Provide healthy eating information 

Our aim is to provide clear, simple labelling on our products to help people make choices for a nutritionally-balanced diet. Our 
products in Europe and North America provide full nutritional information. 

• 

By 2015, this will be extended to cover all our products globally. We will include energy per portion on the front of 
pack plus eight key nutrients and % Guideline Daily Amounts (GDA) for five nutrients on the back of pack. 

Our targets will respect local or regional industry agreements as well as the law in each market. 

In 2015, 86% of our portfolio had full nutrition labelling on pack in line with our commitment. In 2017, this increased to 
94%.1 We are working with relevant authorities to create a positive climate for labelling and to drive further change on 
our products, as well as to help consumers choose healthier products. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We fell short of our target in 2015, however we remain committed to advancing nutrition labelling on our products. In 2017, 
94%2 of our portfolio was fully in line with our commitment. Besides providing nutritional information on pack, we also provide 
information via our branded digital platforms and consumer carelines.  

Our target is stretching, covering all our brands and markets. We have put in place a global governance model and extensive 
monitoring activities to check nutrition labelling product by product. However, while we continue to drive our labelling 
commitment across our total food and beverages portfolio, we have yet to reach full coverage of our portfolio. 

As several countries develop their approach to a front-of-pack labelling system, we continue to engage with governments, 
NGOs and other relevant public health stakeholders. Together, we are working towards globally harmonised transparent 
labelling systems that drive consumers towards the healthy choice. 

1 A portion is defined as: a pre-packed single-serve ice cream product meant to be consumed in one go, or 100 ml when sold in packaging aimed at multi-consumption 
moments such as tubs. 

2 These figures are based on sales volumes from 1 April 2017 to 30 June 2017 of our Foods and Refreshment categories (this includes those parts of the Pepsi Lipton 
business where Unilever is responsible for marketing and distribution). It also includes the sales volumes of products from Unilever Food Solutions, and excludes products 
marketed through other joint ventures and distributor own brands. 

Nutrition labelling 

8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Sustainable Nutrition
We believe in foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a

force for good.

To feed the world’s growing population, we will need more food in the next 50 years

than we have in the last 10,000 years. Our global food system is being impacted by

climate change and resource scarcity, resulting in a lack of resilience, poor livelihoods,

rising levels of obesity and persistent malnutrition. We need a total redesign of our

global food system, to one that is productive, sustainable, nutritious and resilient, with

a stronger connection between food production and consumption.

In response, we have developed a strategy to guide our business. Sustainable

Nutrition is a commitment to sustainable production and consumption. It recognises

Unilever’s role in fixing the broken food system by producing nutritious food with

respect for ecosystems, benefiting the livelihoods of food producers and improving the

health and wellbeing of consumers. It has six commitments at its heart.

Connecting people with purpose
Every day, our brands bring millions of people together over a meal, ice cream or a

cup of tea. Our Sustainable Living brands celebrate the opportunity that consuming

food and drink provides in forging connections and breaking down social barriers. Six

of our 18 Sustainable Living brands are from our Foods and Refreshment category,

and all are in our top 40 products, including five of the ten biggest: Knorr, Lipton,

Hellmann’s, Heartbrand (Wall’s) and Magnum.

Our aim is to increase our reach to 10 million stores by 2020 and, through our brands,

we are directly helping to address some of the world’s most pressing problems.

Grown for good
We believe in the importance of nutritious food grown sustainably (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/). We want farmers, growers and pickers

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/) across our value chain – many of whom

are women – to benefit from working with us. We will continue to explore opportunities

in plant­based products to respond to and influence consumer demand. By promoting

plant­based alternatives and moving towards 100% sustainably sourced ingredients,

we aim to reduce our environmental impact and provide consumer choice across our

portfolio.

Find out more about how we are sourcing more sustainable ingredients (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/grown­for­good/).

Health and well-being
We believe in enabling people to eat healthier diets by offering healthy products that

are suitable for their diet, age, lifestyle and budget. Sales growth of our food products

that have been nutritionally improved, or meet our Highest Nutritional Standards, are

double that of our average foods and refreshment category growth.

A healthier diet means more variety and seasonal foods, less meat, salt, fat and sugar;

more natural ingredients such as fruit and vegetables, legumes, plant­based food,

wholegrains, healthy oils and natural drinks such as tea. To this effect, we have

committed that 60% of our total portfolio will meet our Highest Nutritional Standards. In

addition, we make sure that all our employees have access to health and well­being

programmes (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/) that help them

improve their nutrition.

Find out more about how we are offering healthier products (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­

kitchen/).

Nutritious cooking
We believe in empowering people to cook tastier, nutritious meals, with varied

ingredients, in flexible ways that suit their lifestyles and budgets. Unilever Food

Solutions, our dedicated food service business, connects thousands of professional

chefs around the world. We will champion nutritious cooking, creating great­tasting

meals that are better for people and the planet, utilising our brands, extensive chef

networks and key global partnerships.

Find out more about how we are promoting nutritious cooking (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/nutritious­cooking/).

Food fortification
We help consumers get the nutrients they need from high­quality, delicious products

they love, and brands they trust. To help people with micronutrient deficiencies, we are

increasing our efforts to address undernutrition. By 2022, we will provide more than

200 billion servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients (iodine, vitamins A

and D, zinc and iron). This is roughly double the amount of servings we currently sell.

We will prioritise helping people in most need at affordable prices, and will work with

key partners to develop impactful behavioural­change programmes.

Find out more about how we are addressing food fortification (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­

kitchen/fortification­to­drive­positive­nutrition/).

Reducing our environmental impact

We believe that by focusing on preserving our planet through sustainable production

practices, we can help people throughout our value chain to thrive, while enabling our

business to succeed in the long term. We are committed to reducing our waste

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) and

emissions (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/protecting­our­forests/) from sourcing through to manufacturing, distribution and

selling. We will ensure that all our plastic packaging is fully reusable, recyclable or

compostable by 2025. We will also develop creative solutions to reduce food waste in

the kitchen, inspiring consumers and chefs to do the same.

Find out more about how we are reducing our environmental impact (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/reducing­our­environmental­

impact­in­foods­and­refreshment/) across our food and refreshment portfolio.



Previous

Reducing our environmental impact in Foods and Refreshment

Next 

Grown for good

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Grown for good
We believe in the importance of nutritious, plant­based food, grown

sustainably.

People’s eating habits are changing

When choosing what foods and drinks to buy, most people consider taste as the first

priority. But today, more and more people also want to know that the products they are

buying are nutritious, have been grown without harming the environment, and that

farm workers have been paid fairly and treated well.

Plant­based diets are becoming especially popular, with health and concern for the

environment at their core. We are committed to developing plant­based products to

both respond to and influence consumer demand. By promoting plant­based

alternatives and committing to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials

sustainably, we will reduce our environmental impact and provide consumers with

more choice.

This is what ‘Grown for good’ is all about.

Sourcing ingredients sustainably
Not only is sustainable farming better for the planet, it's shown to increase yields too.

This, in turn, boosts farmer incomes and food security. We have committed to the

sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/) of our key agricultural commodities. In 2017, 56% of our agricultural raw

materials were sustainably sourced, including 98% of our top 13 vegetables and herbs

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­

to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­fruit­and­vegetables/) used in our Knorr sauces,

soups and seasonings.

We buy around 2% of the world’s tomatoes for our ketchup and savoury products. By

the end of 2017, almost 100% of our tomatoes were from sustainable sources. Cocoa

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­

to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­cocoa­and­sugar/) is another key ingredient for

our products. We buy around 1% of the global production of cocoa, the majority of

which is used in our ice creams, such as Ben & Jerry’s and Magnum.

In 2017, Ben & Jerry’s sourced all its cocoa from sustainable sources and Magnum

achieved 98%. Our Breyers ice cream is made with real vanilla, certified as sustainably

sourced by the Rainforest Alliance, and benefiting 4,000 Madagascan farmers who

supply all the vanilla for Breyers.

In 2017 – three years ahead of schedule – all Hellmann’s products in Canada were

made with 100% responsibly­sourced canola oil, as well as free­range eggs. And 72%

of the soy oil (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­soy­and­rapeseed­oils/)

needed for products, such as Hellmann’s, was sustainably sourced.

Our Pure Leaf teas are all sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified estates. This

certification ensures that production methods are protecting the farms’ soil and water

sources, while using other eco­practices like hydro­electric power and planting native

trees. Pure Leaf teas come from multiple countries and make up many different

varieties and flavours. Farmers in each region adapt to their specific landscapes,

employing their own unique tactics for protecting the tea they are growing while, in

return, protecting the ecosystem on which they depend.

Spotlight

Knorr: The taste of sustainability

Farming is hard work. Early mornings, physical exertion and hot sun – work

made harder by the impacts of climate change, irregular weather patterns and

increasingly strained natural resources. Add to this the pressure to be even

more productive to feed growing populations, it is not surprising that young

rural people are heading to the cities to find work, and that the average age of a

1
farmer is 60.

This has serious implications for the future of farming communities, food and

drink companies, and consumers – all of whom rely on a secure supply of raw

ingredients. Fortunately, there is a solution – sustainable agriculture. Our

updated  Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) (PDF | 2MB)

(/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­2010­spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf), which we are

piloting at scale, is helping improve farming practices, enabling farmers to

become more profitable, while protecting natural resources.

Sustainable agriculture in action

Knorr’s purpose is to open hearts and minds through the power of flavour,

using authentic products from natural, nutritious and sustainably sourced

ingredients. The brand has been working with vegetable and herb growers

around the world since 2011. So far, 98% of the top 13 vegetables and herbs in

our Knorr sauces, soups and seasonings are sourced sustainably.

Our Knorr Partnership Fund invests €1 million every year in co­funded projects

with suppliers for their farmers. This helps them meet, or go beyond, SAC

requirements. So far, we have funded over 70 projects, and farmers who’ve

been in our programme for three years have together saved 10.6 million litres

of irrigation water. That’s the equivalent of 55,000 average showers. Farms that

demonstrate the highest standards are awarded Knorr Landmark Farm status.

The Landmark Farms are passionate about sustainability and open their doors

to share fascinating insights into everyday life on their farms. Since 2011, we

are proud to have helped over 30 farms achieve this status.

We also help many smallholder spice farmers in our supply chain to access

training and support. And in Nigeria, Knorr is partnering with the International

Fund for Agricultural Development to train farmers in sustainable agriculture, so

they can become part of our supply chain and improve their livelihoods.

Driving consumer demand for sustainable products

Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership on­pack logo tells people that at least 50% of

the product contains sustainably grown ingredients, or that 100% of the main

ingredient is sustainably grown. In 2017, 15 Knorr country websites shared

stories of our farmers – from growing sustainable tomatoes in Turkey and

tarragon in France, to pumpkins in  Australia

(http://sustainability.continental.com.au/). In Brazil, Knorr’s ‘Know me better’

sustainability campaign reached an estimated 31.8 million people. And in

Spain, media coverage of Knorr’s second National Sustainable Agriculture Day

reached over 12.5 million people.

Raising awareness of sustainable products helps consumers do their bit to care

for the environment – from farm to fork. And as Knorr Chef, Luigi Carola, says

“Sustainability is not only essential for the future of our planet, I believe it also

helps deliver the very best taste.” Sustainable ingredients lead to rich flavours,

sweet vegetables and feel­good food all round.

Picked at their peak
People are increasingly looking for foods made with natural ingredients. Millennials, in

particular, are conscious of their eating habits. According to the Organic Trade

Association, millennials eat as much as 52% more vegetables than their older

relatives. This shift is inevitably changing the way people think about food.

We believe in nutritious diets, using more variety, seasonable foods, less meat, more

fruits and vegetables, legumes and wholegrains, and more healthy oils and plant­

based foods. Our foods and drinks help millions of people access good ingredients

every day. We carefully select ingredients at their peak to support nutritional needs.

For example, our Kissan ketchups, and Knorr soups and meal kits use vegetables as

core ingredients. In Europe, we provide around 700 million servings of vegetables

every year through our soups alone.

In 2017, we incorporated even more vegetables into our products. For example, in

Israel we introduced three cooking sauces, with each jar containing 0.5 kg of tomatoes

and in compliance with our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS). In Europe, we

introduced five HNS­compliant Knorr dry soups that contain up to 290 grams of

vegetables per serving.

Flora, Becel and Rama spreads, and Hellmann’s mayonnaise are made with high­

quality sunflower seed, rapeseed or soybean oils – all containing essential fats. Lipton,

Pure Leaf, PG Tips and Pukka teas contain no calories when drunk without milk and

sugar, and are a rich source of flavonoids. We promote tea goodness, such as from

Lipton Green Tea, through various consumer campaigns.

Many of our food products contain ancient grains, such as Knorr’s range of  One

Skillet Meals (https://www.knorr.com/us/en/products/one­skillet­meals.html) in the US.

These feature barley, farro, quinoa and whole wheat couscous, seasoned with herbs

and spices, with no artificial flavours or colours from artificial sources. In India, in 2018,

Lever Ayush will offer a range of wholesome ready­to­cook breakfast mixes, inspired

by Ayurveda healing practices and made with 100% natural ingredients, like the

supergrain millet.



Locked in goodness: The benefits of dried food

Vegetables form a significant source of essential nutrients, but average daily

vegetable intake is below recommendations in both developed and developing

countries.

Our dried foods include ingredients like vegetables and herbs that are harvested

at their peak. This locks in the goodness and makes food safe, nutritious, tasty

and convenient. Drying preserves the food, helping to avoid waste, and dried

foods make it easier to prepare healthy, varied meals. They can be considered a

relevant source of vegetables that can significantly contribute towards the daily

recommended vegetable intake. As leaders in dried food solutions, Unilever was

proud to give a presentation about the goodness of drying at the 2017

International Conference on Nutrition.

“

Drying is one of the most natural ways to preserve

food. We don’t need to add any preservatives, and it

protects the natural goodness and ﬂavour.

”

Karin van het Hof, Unilever Nutrition and Health Foods Director

Nature’s kitchen
People’s preference for natural ingredients is driving demand for alternative diets. In

2017, 26% of Americans ate less meat, and ‘health’ is now the main association with

vegan food, over ‘animal welfare.’  We’re responding to this demand, introducing

2

Hellmann’s Carefully Crafted Vegan Dressing, vegan Cornetto and Swedish Glace ice

creams. And in North America, we offer Vegan Action­certified I Can’t Believe It’s Not

Butter!® and Becel® Vegan.

Across Europe, we are partnering with the  European Vegetarian Union

(http://www.euroveg.eu/) and sell more of Knorr’s Naturally Tasty range. In France, we

offer instant Simply Tasty Pots – suitable for vegetarians – which are rich in

vegetables, a source of fibre and made with natural ingredients. They also meet our

Highest Nutritional Standards. And in the Netherlands, Unox partnered with The

Vegetarian Butcher to introduce a plant­based hacked mince meatballs recipe, which

sold 100,000 packs within the first two months.  The Vegetarian Butcher

(https://www.thevegetarianbutcher.com/) shares our mission to save the planet, and

this is our first ever co­branded product.

We expanded our organic offerings, with new I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® and

Brummel & Brown non­GMO Organic spreads. In only one year, Hellmann’s Organic

Mayonnaise has become the number one organic mayonnaise in the US, while

doubling the value of the organic mayonnaise market. We have now introduced

Hellmann’s Organic to a number of other markets. We also offer gluten­free options for

Ben & Jerry’s and Cornetto, lactose­free options for Carte D’Or, and dairy­free Ben &

Jerry’s varieties.

We want to make it easier for people to find their dietary preferences on the shelf. So,

we have added the European Vegetarian Union’s logo to around 500 of our products,

including Hellmann's, Flora and Knorr. And to help chefs meet this growing trend, an

estimated 20% of Unilever Food Solutions’ (UFS) online recipes are now vegetarian

and plant­based inspirations, like  Spicy Black Bean Burgers

(https://www.unileverfoodsolutions.us/recipe/spicy­black­bean­burger­R0030664.html).

UFS works with partners to help meet consumer demand for diverse diets. For

example, in 2017, UFS published its first  Gluten­Free Guide

(https://www.unileverfoodsolutions.us/chef­inspiration/allergen­101/gluten­free­

substitutes.html) with The Coeliac Society of Ireland.

Spotlight

Hellmann’s: On the side of food

At just 14, young Richard Hellmann was already fostering a love of food as an

apprentice at his local food market. By 1913, he was married to Margaret, living

in New York, and together they fulfilled their dream of opening a shop. It was

here, at Hellmann’s Delicatessen, that the legendary Hellmann’s Mayonnaise

was born.

Proud of his product, Richard tied his signature blue ribbon to jars that met the

highest quality standards. That blue­ribbon standard is tied to everything

Hellmann’s does to this day. And in record time, Hellmann’s grew to become

the number one mayonnaise brand, thanks to its unmistakeable taste.

3

Today, the blue­ribbon quality standard also applies to the farming practices we

adopt and doing right by the people who help us make Hellmann’s. Not just

because we think it makes our products more appealing to consumers, but

because it’s the right thing to do. It’s why we only use 100% free­range eggs in

Europe and North America, and source 100% of our oils responsibly to make

our mayonnaise. 

It’s why our ketchup is made with 100% sustainably grown tomatoes in Europe

and Latin America. And why we’re always working to create new products that

help fight food waste or use less energy in their production.

Sharing the passion

Hellmann’s mayonnaises, ketchups and dressings, for example, source from

Hellmann’s Blue Ribbon Farms. These farms monitor and work to improve their

sustainability efforts – from how they use their land, to how they reduce their

carbon footprint. The workers on the farms are passionate about improving

sustainability and comply with our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code.

They are also passionate about sharing their work with the world. For example,

the Stockbrugger’s Blue Ribbon canola farm in Canada shows urban kids the

inner workings of the farm. They learn about the natural and sustainably

sourced ingredients used in our Hellmann’s products. In addition, we produced

a video on Blue Ribbon farms called ‘Project Seeds’. This asked consumers

‘where does it come from?’ and has received 9.3 million views to date, helping

to raise awareness about sustainable food.

As part of our ‘Grow with Us’ campaign, we livestreamed from our Blue Ribbon

farms. This allowed people to interact with the farmers and ask them questions.

So far, 95 million people have seen that Hellmann’s ketchup is made from

100% real, sustainable sun­ripened tomatoes. After the campaign, 88% of

Brazilian people surveyed agreed that Hellmann’s ketchup is made from

sustainable tomatoes (up from 50% before the campaign), with 89% believing

that ours is the best ketchup, and 82% saying it’s worth paying more for.

Natural and sustainably sourced ingredients support people’s appetite for plant­

based diets and helps them reconnect with nature… Hellmann’s sums up

‘Grown for good’.

Our partnerships: From farmers to professors

We work with a variety of partners: farmers, suppliers, academics, scientists,

governments, health authorities, NGOs, and even our competitors, to ensure we use

the best that nature has to offer in our products.

We have partnerships with Solidaridad in Africa, Latin America and Asia; with the

Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership in Africa, South Asia, Latin America and the

Caribbean; and with the Rainforest Alliance. These are supporting the transition of

many smallholder farmers in our supply chain to sustainable agricultural practices.

Find out more about how we are working with smallholder farmers (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­

to­enhance­livelihoods/) and our other partnerships to help make sustainable

ingredients (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/)

more widely available.

1  Food and agriculture organization of the United Nations (PDF ­ 627kB)

(http://www.un.org/en/ecosoc/integration/pdf/foodandagricultureorganization.pdf)

2  Food Navigator USA (https://www.foodnavigator­usa.com/Article/2015/03/17/Vegan­is­going­mainstream­

trend­data­suggests)

3 Euromonitor International Ltd; Packaged Foods 2017 edition, retail value sales, umbrella brand name

classification (includes all Hellmann’s and Best Foods brand sales), 2016 data.



Previous

Sustainable
nutrition

Health and Well­
being: In our
kitchen

Next 

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/sustainable­nutrition/)

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­
our­kitchen/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Health & well-being: in our kitchen
We believe in nutritious food grown sustainably.

Knorr #LoveAtFirstTaste
Knorr #LoveAtFirstTaste

Making our foods even better

Many people realise that what they eat influences their health, their mood, and how

much they can get done each day. Food affects the way people look and, as our Knorr

 #LoveAtFirstTaste (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwx7NnPQ44U) advert

shows, the foods we eat can even tell us about people’s personalities. People want to

feel good and food plays a central role in that.

However, the reality is that many of us don’t eat well. The  Global Nutrition Report

2017 (http://globalnutritionreport.org/the­report/) says that at least one in three people

experience malnutrition in some form, whether it’s eating too much or too little. In fact,

almost every country in the world is facing a serious nutrition­related challenge.

Diet­related non­communicable diseases, such as diabetes and heart disease,

account for more than half of the  global burden of disease

(http://www.healthdata.org/research­article/global­burden­disease­study­and­

preventable­burden­ncd). Heart disease is the world’s number one cause of death,

with high cholesterol being one of the key risk factors. At the same time, more than 2

billion people don’t get enough vitamins and minerals, particularly in developing and

emerging countries. Micronutrient deficiencies are usually caused by a lack of access

to critical foods like fruit and vegetables. These can make people more vulnerable to

disease, impair their mental development and decrease their ability to earn a living.

As our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan nutrition pillar and our new Sustainable

Nutrition strategy both acknowledge, diet must be part of the solution to tackle the

double burden of malnutrition. A healthier diet means more variety and seasonal foods,

less meat, and less salt, fat and sugar. It means using more natural ingredients such

as fruit and vegetables, healthy oils, legumes and wholegrains. And it means

consuming more plant­based foods and natural drinks, such as tea.

We know that what we do in our kitchen helps you in yours. Our chefs work hand­in­

hand with our nutritionists around the world to ensure we offer tasty and responsible

foods and beverages. On the following pages, you will read about some of the

enhancements we have made in 2017 – reducing salt, sugar and saturated fats, and

enhancing positive nutrition. These improvements add up to a big impact on the health

of the people who enjoy our products every day.

Pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme
In 2003, we launched our pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme (NEP) to

reduce levels of salt, saturated and trans fats, and sugar across our portfolio. So far,

we have significantly reduced all key nutrients of concern, including the elimination of

 trans fats (PDF | 800KB) (/Images/tfa­position­october­2016_tcm244­

423170_en.pdf) from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils.

We share our progress at international conferences and publish our research – such

as our methodology – in peer­reviewed scientific journals.  We are continually

1

adapting and improving our approach, learning from many years’ experience of

reformulation and meeting consumer demand. We share these lessons with health

experts around the world and have published our evolved approach.

In addition, we now assess our products through a Sustainable Nutrition lens to

identify areas for improvement. We use our Eco Design tool to assess choices of

ingredients, formulation and packaging, against USLP targets in areas such as health

and hygiene, nutrition, greenhouse gas emissions, waste, water and sustainable

sourcing. Results from this assessment are linked to our Innovation Project

Management system for review by senior leaders.

Going further
We are committed to fortifying our foods and drinks, adding essential nutrients to help

vulnerable people eat more nutritiously. We continually review our reformulation

approach. For instance, we have learnt that to maximise impact, we must focus on

products consumed most frequently and in greatest volumes, and that taste is still a

key factor for success.

Read more about how we are lowering salt (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­

well­being/improving­nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/more­taste­less­

salt/), sugar (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/less­sugar­fewer­calories/), calories and

saturated fat (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/good­fats­and­oils­from­plants/), and

fortifying our products (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/fortification­to­drive­positive­nutrition/).

1 Nijman et al. EJCN. 2007; 61(4): 461­471; Dötsch­Klerk, et al.  FST March 2015

(http://www.fstjournal.org/features/29­1/sustainable­diets) Dotsch­Klerk et al. EJCN 2015;69(7):1­6.



Previous

Grown for good

Next 

Informed choices

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Improving
nutrition

More taste, less salt
We are making our foods with less salt, and even more delicious.

How much is too much?
Most people agree that salt makes food taste better. It also plays an important role in

preserving food. Small amounts of salt (sodium) in the diet are essential , but too

1

much can lead to raised blood pressure. Worldwide, more than one in five adults has

blood pressure that is too  high

(http://www.who.int/gho/ncd/risk_factors/blood_pressure_prevalence/en/). This leads

to increased risk of heart disease and stroke.

The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends a daily intake of no more than 5g

of salt. But around the world the average person eats 9–12g a day, roughly twice the

recommended amount. In Europe and North America, approximately 75% of our salt

intake comes from processed foods, whereas in developing countries much of the salt

is added during cooking or at the table. Lowering salt consumption to the

recommended level could save an estimated 2.5 million lives each year.

Our Nutrition and Health Director of Foods & Refreshment, Karin van het Hof, gave a

presentation at the 2017 International Conference on Nutrition on lowering salt through

a multi­sectoral approach. She set out our belief that governments and NGOs have a

role to play in raising awareness and helping to change consumer behaviour. As well

as delivering great tasting products, food manufacturers must play their part in

lowering salt levels. That’s why we have  pledged (PDF | 241KB) (/Images/salt­

reduction­position­statement_tcm244­414411_1_en.pdf) that by 2020, 75% of our food

will meet salt levels that enable intakes of 5g per day.

We reduce salt every time one of our existing products is renovated, and new products

must meet the salt target to enable a salt intake of 5g per day. In 2017, we again

received recognition for our approach, with  academics (http://www.mdpi.com/2072­

6643/9/8/881) highlighting Unilever as a positive example of a company working on

salt reduction in a systematic and transparent way.

Better options
We improve our foods based on scientifically sound  benchmarks (PDF | 900KB)

(http://www.nature.com/ejcn/journal/v69/n7/pdf/ejcn20155a.pdf). We are reducing salt

levels in our products in a number of ways. We’ve found that cutting salt and

complementing that with aromas, spices and herbs can enhance the salty taste and

flavour and make products more nutritious. And we sometimes use salt substitutes like

potassium salt. Potassium occurs naturally in milk, fruit, vegetables and grains, and

increased intakes of potassium are encouraged in dietary guidelines.

In 2016, we published a review  which found that replacing sodium with potassium

2

would significantly increase potassium intakes towards recommended daily amounts,

without exceeding safety guidelines. To support the safe usage of salt replacers such

as potassium salt, it’s important that they are accepted by regulatory bodies.

In 2017, we made good progress in lowering salt across a broad range of products and

markets. As our largest food brand, reformulating salt in Knorr products can have the

biggest impact. In Turkey, for example, we relaunched our four key Knorr Meal Makers

with up to 38% less sodium. In South America, we reduced salt by an average of 15%

in 14 varieties of Knorr Quick Soups, and by an average 40% in Knorr reduced sodium

cubes.

In India, over half of Knorr Cup­a­Soup variants now meet sodium benchmarks

consistent with WHO recommended salt intakes. Across Europe, we renovated 38

recipes, reducing salt by an average 8%, removing 33 tonnes from consumers’ diets

every year. Similarly, we relaunched dressings with lower salt levels. Hellmann’s

mayonnaise in Brazil – a top seller in retail and food service – is now compliant with

our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS). In Pakistan, Knorr Ketchup was reformulated

to meet WHO recommendations. And steady progress was made in India, where three

key Kissan tomato­based sauces now meet our strictest sodium benchmarks.

We introduced new products that comply with our ‘5g of salt a day’ commitment and

meet our HNS. For example, Knorr’s new Minestrone and Orange Vegetables soups in

Israel, Ramadan soup in Turkey, and dehydrated tomato base in Mexico. In Brazil,

Knorr’s new line of herbs and spice seasoning contain 25% less sodium, as well as no

added monosodium glutamate, artificial colours or preservatives, while still delivering

the great taste consumers expect from our products.

Unilever Food Solutions (UFS) is delighting consumers eating out of the home, with

tasty dishes containing less salt. For example, in Russia, 77% of UFS products are

now compliant with our HNS. In Turkey, we reduced salt in two popular dressings:

Hellmann’s ketchup (by 37%) and Hellmann’s BBQ sauce (15%). And in India, we

launched eight varieties of Knorr Chef’s Masala, which meet sodium HNS

benchmarks.

Talking about salt
We are talking more about our salt reduction on pack. In particular, we’ve found that

talking about lower salt, alongside better taste, is helping people to choose lower­salt

foods. For example, Knorr in Brazil displays the claim ‘Same great Knorr taste with

25% less sodium’, and in Turkey, Unilever Food Solutions Meal Makers display a ‘no

added salt’ logo.

In China, Unilever Food Solutions won a prestigious Effie award for a digital video,

engagement and product sampling campaign – with 800,000 views on WeChat –

encouraging chefs to cook with less salt and ‘Change for Better’.

Find out more about salt reduction in the following infographics aimed at  consumers

(PDF | 3MB) (/Images/17_unil_9627­infographic­nutrition_unilever­­­

consumer_tcm244­519401_1_en.pdf) and  chefs (PDF | 3MB)

(/Images/17_unil_9627­infographic­nutrition_ufs­­­chef_tcm244­519400_1_en.pdf).

These examples show that communicating effectively about our salt reduction efforts

can encourage people to choose lower salt products, improving their health.

Multi-stakeholder approach for salt reduction
In addition to our salt reduction efforts, a supportive external environment is required to

create consumer awareness, specific taste preferences and collaboration between the

different players. Previous behaviour­change experiences have proven that a properly

funded, multi­faceted approach is essential for success.

For this purpose, local summits have been organised to help governments develop

policies for salt reduction that are based on solid science and global insights. These

summits are part of our partnership with the International Union of Nutrition Sciences

(IUNS).

In Sri Lanka (April 2016), we facilitated a conference to gain insights and identify key

challenges in reducing salt in the diet of Sri Lankans. President of the Nutrition Society

of Sri Lanka, Visakha Tillekeratne explained: “the purpose of this conference was to

bring all key stakeholders together to develop a concerted effort to reducing salt from

the Sri Lankan diet. We are encouraged by the fact that all stakeholders have

responded in a positive manner.’’ After much deliberation, this resulted in an action

plan being agreed by all those involved with clear areas of responsibility and avenues

for progress.

In the Netherlands (March 2017), over 40 participants from industry, NGOs,

government and academia came together, to discuss and define tangible actions to

achieve a further reduction in daily salt intake, in the areas of product reformulation,

consumer awareness and related external factors.

In Indonesia (July 2017), we hosted the first­ever private sector conference on

preventing non­communicable diseases. Fifty­three participants attended, including

delegates from the Ministry of Health, academia, professional organisations and

industry, for the first time uniting advocacy efforts.

Dr V Prakash, Vice President of IUNS, is confident that with industry collaborations

and consumer awareness, a lower salt consumption is possible. At the Indonesian

summit, he highlighted: "I’m glad that Indonesia has taken a very good leadership and

I wish that the Indonesian group of public, private and government, do very well in this

area. Huge agenda. I congratulate all of you.”

Helping people understand how they can reduce
salt
To help people calculate their salt intake, our easy­to­use, online Salt Calculator has

been available in 12 countries since 2014. This helps people understand which foods

contribute the most salt to their diet, encouraging them to make simple changes in

their food choices. At the 2016 Thailand Congress of Nutrition, over 90% of the 750

nutritionists and dieticians attending agreed that this is a good tool for raising

awareness of salt intake. In 2017, 4,200 consumers have used the tool in South Africa.

The salt calculator has also been a great instrument to raise awareness among

governments and other stakeholders. Going forward, we will continue to support

governments and institutions in educating people about ways to reduce salt through

the salt calculator or other means.

1 Joint WHO/FAO Expert Consultation. WHO technical report series 916. Geneva 2003 and WHO Guideline:

Sodium intake for adults and children. Geneva: World Health Organization; WHO 2012.

2 Dietary Impact of Adding Potassium Chloride to Foods as a Sodium Reduction Technique

 www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4848703/

(https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4848703/)



Previous

Fortification to drive positive nutrition

Next 

Less Sugar, fewer calories


Improving
nutrition

Less sugar, fewer calories
We are finding new ways to lower sugar and calories in our foods and

refreshments.

A global problem
Today, more than 1.9 billion adults are overweight – that’s 39% of the world’s

population – with 40 million children classified as obese. Being overweight and obese

affects 2.1 billion people, putting them at increased risk of diet­related non­

communicable diseases like diabetes and heart disease.

Health authorities like the  World Health Organization

(http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/publications/trs916/download/en/) recommend

that people should reduce their sugar intake. We have been playing our part for more

than a decade, focusing on our ready­to­drink tea, powdered ice tea, milk tea products

and ice cream portfolio.

How do you drink yours?
Every year, people drink 170 billion cups of our top­selling teas like Lipton, Brooke

Bond, PG Tips and Pure Leaf. In 2017, we added Pukka herbal teas to our portfolio –

including natural, organic, and health and wellness variants.

Tea is often used to unwind from our hectic lifestyles. As an alternative to water, health

authorities recommend drinking unsweetened tea for good hydration, which is

essential for wellbeing.

The challenge is that most people don’t drink their tea unsweetened, and the Global

Nutrition Report 2017 explicitly states that sugary drinks are associated with weight

gain.

We run various campaigns to convert people to drink unsweetened leaf tea. In India,

we communicated face­to­face with consumers about the importance of a healthy diet

and lifestyle, and measured people’s body fat. Data has shown that high doses of

catechins in green tea may help reduce waist circumference and body mass index

(BMI). As a result, one in every four consumers purchased Lipton Green tea.

In the United Arab Emirates, our ‘30 Days to a lighter you’ campaign encouraged

healthy living in three steps: replacing sugary drinks for Lipton Green Tea, eating lots

of fruit and vegetables and exercising for at least 30 minutes per day. The campaign

reached 12 million people via digital channels.

Balancing the sugar scale
By 2020, we will have removed 25% of sugar from our ready­to­drink tea, powdered

ice tea and milk tea products. To meet these stretching targets, we have developed

more drinks that meet our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS) of 5g or less sugar per

100ml. In the US, for example, we reduced sugar in Lipton Sweet Tea by 50% and in

Brisk Strawberry Melon by 40%. We introduced Brisk Watermelon Lemonade and

Strawberry Melon Fountain, which meet our HNS. Under the Pure Leaf brand, we

rolled­out our sophisticated Tea House Collection, which also meets our HNS.

Across Europe, we reduced sugar by 30% in Lipton Lemon, Peach and Green

Grapefruit sold in McDonald’s. In several European markets, we introduced 30% lower

sugar, low calorie and Lipton iced teas with 4.5 g of sugar/100ml. We offer Pure Leaf

with less sweetness at 3.0 g of sugar/100ml in several countries, and in Taiwan, we

reduced sugar in several milk tea products by approximately 15%.

We offer people choice by using non­nutritive sweeteners like Stevia  in some

1

products. The  International Journal of Obesity

(http://www.nature.com/ijo/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/ijo2015177a.html) says that these

are effective in reducing energy intakes, and have a beneficial effect on weight control.

We use honey as a sweetener, for example in our Lipton Chilled with Honey in the US.

We are collaborating with universities to gain a deeper understanding of consumers’

preferences, for different levels of sweetness, in products containing reduced sugar or

non­nutritive sweeteners. This will help us go further in the future, while making sure

our products still taste great.

In 2017, we also introduced options with no added sugar. For example, in Brazil we

sell Lipton Green Zero with no sugar and in Ecuador, we offer Brisk Zero with no

sugar. In Australia, we introduced two new Lipton Diet variants and three flavours of

Lipton Infused Water with no sugar.

Reducing sugar across our portfolio

As well as reducing sugar in teas, we are lowering it across our other products. In

2017, for example, we introduced Bango Light in Asia with 34% less sugar. Our

Hellmann’s ketchup sweetened only with honey instead of white sugar is sold in the

UK, France, Greece, Germany, Spain and Brazil. Our Hellmann’s ketchups with Stevia

– available in various European countries like France, Greece, Poland and Germany –

has up to 45% less sugar and meets our HNS.

We are reducing sugar in our breakfast cereals in Israel. Our commitment is that these

will not contain more than 1.5 teaspoons of sugar, and by spring 2018  this will be

2

displayed on the front of our cereal boxes. We have already improved our recipes so

that they are now all compliant with our HNS.

Most of the sugar in our foods occurs naturally in small quantities from vegetable

ingredients like tomatoes and carrots. Therefore, to have the biggest impact on public

health, the focus remains on lowering salt in our Foods & Refreshment portfolio.

Counting the calories
On a hot sunny day, there is nothing quite like a refreshing ice cream. Ice cream is

also a pleasurable dessert all year round. Treats contribute to wellbeing and pleasure

in life, but they can add up in terms of calories consumed. As the world’s leading ice

cream company – selling much­loved brands like Wall’s, Magnum, Cornetto, Ben &

Jerry’s, Max, Paddle Pop and Popsicle – we know how important it is to lower calories

without sacrificing taste.

In 2014, we achieved our target for all our children’s ice creams to contain 110

kilocalories (kcals) or less per serving. We applied our learnings to all our packaged

ice cream portfolio, and in 2015 met our target to ensure that at least 80% of our

packaged ice creams do not exceed 250 kcals per portion.  In 2017, 90% of our

3

packaged ice creams did not exceed 250 kcals per portion.

In China, for example, two new Wall’s ice creams are compliant with our HNS and

contain 50% more fruit juice content (reconstituted). In Mexico, we brought back our

classic 'Raspatito' and in Thailand, we introduced three new variants of Paddle Pop ice

creams that all meet our HNS. We also sell mini versions of our much­loved ice cream

brands. In Brazil, for example, we offer three new Cornetto options with reduced

portion sizes and calories, and in India, we introduced a 36g Magnum.

Our research shows that even with treats, people look for natural ingredients such as

fruit. In 2017, we acquired the Australian ice cream brand, Weis, whose fruit­containing

products have a minimum of 25% fruit. In Brazil, we launched new mango and

strawberry Fruttare sorbet, with higher fruit content (as pulp and pieces), meeting our

HNS.

We offer products containing milk, which are rich in calcium, such as Mini Milk and

Paddle Pop Yogurt. In 2017, in India, we ran a campaign to raise awareness of the

milk content in our Kwality Wall’s ice creams. And in response to consumer interest for

added protein in ice cream, we launched Breyers® Delights in the US – four flavours

of low­fat ice cream that provide a good source of protein and calcium per serving. We

are now looking to launch this in other markets.

1 Steviol glycosides.

2 Not including Kariot existing variants. Kariot sugar reduced was launched in January 2018.

3 A portion refers to a pre­packed single­serve ice cream product meant to be consumed in one go. It also

refers to 100ml when ice cream is sold in larger packaging such as tubs.



Previous

More taste, less salt

Good fats & oils from plants

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Improving
nutrition

Good fats & oils from plants
We are using less saturated and more polyunsaturated fat from plant­based

oils.

The two sides of fat
Fat is an essential part of our diet. It helps the body absorb certain nutrients and

provides us with energy. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), between

1
20% and 35% of our energy intake should come from fats.

However, too much saturated fat can increase the risk of developing heart disease,

and WHO recommends replacing saturated fat with omega 3 and omega 6

polyunsaturated fats. In most countries, people don’t eat the recommended daily

amounts of polyunsaturated fats.

Love your heart
We communicate about the goodness of plant­based oils like sunflower, linseed and

rapeseed. We also have a long heritage of providing products that help people look

after their heart health. Blue Band has been enjoyed at the breakfast table since the

1920s, and today contains reduced saturated fat and significantly increased

polyunsaturated fats. Our Becel/Flora soft­spreads and liquids are made with plant

oils, containing polyunsaturated fat and vitamins A, D and E.

We continually source innovative, healthy oils. For example, in 2017, we introduced

Becel®Olive Plus™ in Canada, a liquid blend of canola, extra virgin olive and mid­oleic

sunflower oils. This is low in saturated fat, contains no trans fat, and delivers a source

of omega­3 polyunsaturated fat. In the Netherlands, we introduced Becel made with

coconut oil, Becel with walnut oil and Becel with avocado oil, all meeting our Highest

Nutritional Standards (HNS).

In 2018, we will offer these in more countries. Our ProActiv ranges contain plant

sterols, known for their cholesterol­lowering properties.  Since 2004, we have added

2

mini health drinks, milk and yoghurt to the range.

Following the success of our 100% plant­based Flora Freedom in the UK, in 2017, we

launched 100% plant­based Becel in the Netherlands, and Fruit d’Or in France. In

Spain, we launched organic Flora, and have replaced palm with sunflower oil in five

Flora biscuit variants, improving their nutritional profile. We launched a campaign

communicating the goodness of the oils used in our Hellmann’s, Calvé and Ligeresa

mayonnaises, with media coverage exposing the ‘myths and truths of mayo’.

Taste is central to encouraging people to switch from products higher in saturated fat.

While our spreads that are low in saturated fat still appeal to consumers, many of our

lower saturated fat products are competing with products higher in saturated fat, such

as butter which has a different taste and consistency. Indeed, some of our newly­

formulated products now contain more saturated fat than our target, to deliver the taste

and culinary performance consumers want. This was a difficult decision, but our

vegetable spreads are still the healthier option in the market compared to butter.

Becel/Flora mélanges are currently available in over ten countries. In 2017, in the

Czech Republic and Slovakia, we relaunched Rama mélanges alongside our regular

margarines, raising awareness of their natural, plant­based ingredients.

Our trans fats story
Trans fats (also known as ‘trans fatty acids’), elevate ‘bad’ (LDL) cholesterol and lower

‘good’ (HDL) cholesterol. Health experts recommend that we should reduce our intake

of trans fats, to as low a level as possible, to help prevent heart disease.

Trans fats occur naturally in butter, cheese and meat. In the food industry, a process

called hydrogenation is sometimes used to convert vegetable oils into solid fats for

greater functionality, stability and shelf life. When a fat is partially hydrogenated, this

process produces trans fats. Importantly, however, full hydrogenation does not result in

trans fat production.

By 2012, we had removed trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils from

across our portfolio, both in retail and foodservice – see our  position statement

(PDF | 800KB) (/Images/tfa­position­october­2016_tcm244­423170_en.pdf). This

approach focuses on the main ingredients in our recipes and does not include traces

of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in some

flavours or emulsifiers. We have published our definition and approach to removing

3
trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.

Our spreads legacy
We believe our efforts have made a meaningful contribution to reducing saturated fat

in people’s diets, from reducing saturated fat in our products to promoting awareness

of heart health, in collaboration with health authorities and healthcare professionals.

We are confident this legacy will continue once our Spreads business is under new

ownership.

1 Joint WHO/FAO Expert Consultation. WHO Technical Report Series 916. Geneva 2003

2 Our INVEST study, “Effect of a plant sterol­enriched spread on biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction and

low­grade inflammation in hypercholesterolaemic subjects” was published in Journal of Nutritional Science in

2017. The paper was selected by the Nutrition Society as paper of the Month for March 2017.

3 See Melnikov S & Zevenbergen H, ‘Implementation of removing trans fatty acids originating from partially

hydrogenated vegetable oils’. New Food 2012; 5: 44–46. This approach focuses on main ingredients in our

recipes and does not include traces of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in

some flavours or emulsifiers.



Previous

Less Sugar, fewer calories

Fortification to drive positive nutrition

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website


Improving
nutrition

Fortification to drive positive nutrition
Helping people get the nutrients they need from high­quality, delicious

products they love, and brands they trust.

1
More than 800 million people go to bed hungry
In a world struggling with obesity, it’s alarming that micronutrient deficiencies are

estimated to impact over 2 billion people, across developed, as well as developing

countries.  Fifty­two million children are acutely malnourished, and 155 million (23%)

2

of under­fives are stunted.  Micronutrient deficiencies in iron, iodine, vitamin A and zinc

3

are the most widespread forms of undernutrition. This can make people more

vulnerable to disease, impair their growth and mental development, decrease their

4
ability to earn a living, and even increase the risk of early death for young children.

We use nutritious ingredients in our products. We also fortify popular, affordable and

accessible products with micronutrients in countries where malnutrition is prevalent.

Evaluating fortification using our Eco Design tool, we follow international and local

regulations and guidelines, from organisations such as CODEX, WHO and FAO. About

13% of our total food and beverage sales (by volume) contribute to people’s

recommended daily intake of iodine, vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc and iron. This is

5
equivalent to 138 billion servings.

Where possible, we build in fortification to our products. For example, most of our

spreads globally are fortified with vitamin A and D, and in some cases vitamin B. We

offer iron­fortified cubes in Nigeria, vitamin A­enriched seasoning in Vietnam, and

mineral (zinc, iron) and vitamin (A, B1, B3, B6, B11, B12, C) fortified corn starch in

Latin America.

Over one­third of our fortified products are sold in developing and emerging countries

where malnutrition is most prevalent. We aim to offer fortified foods at an affordable

price to bring them within the reach of as many people as possible. However,

producing and distributing low­cost products and getting an economically sustainable

margin is challenging. Our goal is to reach more people, in more places, in a way that

is economically viable. We are committed to stepping up activities of our most popular

products to address undernutrition, as this is where we can make the biggest

difference through our global scale.

India, for example, is home to one­quarter of the world’s undernourished people.

Women of lower social status are most at risk which can lead to them giving birth to

underweight babies. Here, we fortify products like iodised salt, which is widely

available and affordable. In 2017, we sold more than 17 billion servings of our

Annapurna/Captain Cook iodised salt in India. And in early 2018, we introduced

Annapurna Super Atta, which is fortified with iron, folic acid and Vitamin B12.

Even farmers need better diets
We help farmers to learn about nutritious diets. This not only helps them to stay

healthy and productive at work, maintaining their income, but also helps to secure the

supply of ingredients for our products.

How our Seeds of Prosperity partnership is improving farmers’
diets

Through the Seeds of Prosperity programme, Unilever, GAIN and IDH are

working through commodity supply chains to improve tea workers’ and farmers’

diets and hygiene practices. Biju Mushahary, Project Manager at GAIN, explains

how the programme is benefiting women in India.

“When asked about their favourite time of the day, most of the women farmers

from within the tea community refer to breakfast or dinner with their family

members. Food for these women is not only an occasion to satisfy their

physiological needs, but also an occasion to hear stories from their children,

husband or family members.

"However, knowledge on consuming a diverse diet is limited, and the concept of

eating different food groups is not well understood. Therefore, despite having

regular incomes, they mostly consume monotonous diets lacking in essential

nutrients, and remain nutritionally vulnerable.

"A major health problem can pose a serious threat to the livelihoods of

smallholders and workers. The simple act of eating a diverse diet can help them

maintain good health. As part of our programme, individuals (mostly women) from

within the tea community are selected as Master Trainers. They are trained on

diverse diet and hygiene matters, and taught to teach others.”

Positive results

The project was first implemented by Solidaridad as a pilot in Tamil Nadu at the

beginning of 2016. Following its promising results, the project is now being scaled

up there, and piloted in Assam. By mid­2018, it will reach 55,000 smallholder

farmers' and workers' households.”

Encouraging balanced eating
We know that improving nutrition is best triggered by first raising awareness about the

need for balanced diets. At the same time, it’s important to understand people’s diets

and cooking habits, as these vary from country to country.

Partnering with the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), we have created a

global Nutrition Intervention Programme to improve the health and nutrition of 2.5

million people in rural communities. The programme aims to reach smallholder farmers

and their families. It has a specific focus on female farmers, pregnant women and

young children. In addition to promoting the importance of nutritious foods and a

diverse diet, they will be given the means to grow their own kitchen gardens.

In 2017, we developed a pilot in India with the Society for Technology and Action for

Rural Advancement (TARA) in Delhi and Haridwar. We did this as part of our 'Prabhat'

programme, which contributes to the development of local communities around our

key sites in India. The pilot taught 119 girls and women about balanced diets and

healthy cooking. It covered nutrition during pregnancy and at every life stage, and how

to select and purchase food and test for adulteration.

Feedback about the pilot was extremely positive, with 595 participants becoming

ambassadors of change. We are now scaling up the programme and so far, 1,000

women have been trained. In addition, employees from our factory in Goa taught

children through our new school pilot. Within two weeks, the team had already

conducted sessions in ten government schools, teaching 1,764 schoolchildren. The

feedback from the school authorities, students and the factory team has been very

promising, and the next phase of the programme will target teenage boys and men.

"I have learnt a lot of good practices to be followed while cooking food. My mother has

diabetes, so I now know what should be included in her meal.” Vineeta from Delhi

Spotlight

How Knorr is helping people eat more diverse diets

In 1838, Carl Heinrich Knorr experimented with food­drying techniques to

preserve and guarantee quality, flavour and freshness. Today, Knorr continues

his legacy. It is Unilever’s largest brand and one of the world’s largest food

brands. Knorr continues to use its scale to make a positive impact.

1. Nutritious cooking – Knorr’s Green Food Steps behaviour­change

programme inspires the cooks of today (mothers) and tomorrow (teenage

girls) to cook with more nutritious ingredients. The programme was piloted

in Nigeria and, through the impact evaluation carried out in partnership with

Ibadan University, proved to have a positive effect on the ingredients used in

commonly consumed meals. The programme has now reached over

220,000 people in Nigeria, has been piloted in Indonesia – reaching over

15,000 people ­ and is being introduced in select communities in Africa and

South East Asia.

2. Fortified Bouillon Cubes – In 2016, Knorr put iron and iodine­fortified cubes

on the shelf in Nigeria, with the ambition to help increase iron intake in a

country with high prevalence of iron deficiency. Further countries are being

scoped for roll­out of the iron­fortified products.

3. ‘Gbemiga’ (‘lift me up’) – Knorr trains local women in Nigeria to become

entrepreneurs and ambassadors for nutrition, in partnership with GAIN, the

Growing Business Foundation and Society for Family Health. The women

sell nutritious products, improving their living standards, and reinforcing

dietary diversity to prevent iron deficiency.

4. Pioneering support for the UN’s World Food Programme (WFP) – Since

2007, Unilever has partnered with the WFP donating over $32 million

towards its initiatives. In 2014, Knorr became the first brand to support its

Zero Hunger Challenge. Since then, Knorr has partnered with WFP on

World Food Day to encourage people to pledge their support for a local food

bank or charity.

5. School meals – Between 2014 and 2017, Knorr donated 3 million nutritious

school meals through the WFP, providing a powerful incentive for children to

attend lessons. Knorr also works with country programmes. For example,

Knorr is improving nutrition for over 700,000 undernourished children under

five in the Philippines, with WFP and Kabisig ng Kalahi, using dishes

aligned with our Highest Nutritional Standards.

6. #ShareAMeal – For every share or retweet of Knorr’s Facebook post on

World Food Day 2017, Knorr donated the equivalent of one meal to WFP’s

cash and vouchers programmes in the Philippines and Kenya – helping

people buy food and cook 1 million meals for their families, with freedom

and dignity.

Knorr will continue to work with partners to make a positive impact on

consumer health through dietary diversity.

Maximising our impact
We know we can maximise our impact by working with others. We are a Council

member of Grow Africa and Grow Asia. In addition, in 2017, Amanda Sourry, our

former Category President for Foods & Refreshment, was invited to join the SUN

Business Network Advisory Group. This works to end malnutrition in all its forms. And

we are active in the SDG2 Advocacy Hub, Nutrition for Growth and the EAT Forum,

which all aim to tackle malnutrition.

We are taking action at country level. For example:

In Vietnam, we work with the National Institute of Nutrition and Ministry of Health on

the National Strategies for Food Fortification project, sponsored by GAIN. We focus

on vitamin A deficiency and since 2013 have offered Knorr fortified seasoning

granules with added vitamin A. In 2017, we sold 4 billion servings of our vitamin A

fortified seasonings globally.

In Nigeria, we sold approximately 7 billion servings of our Knorr/Royco iron­fortified

bouillon cubes in 2017. And we began a study with Obafemi Awolowo University to

prove iron bioavailability from fortified Knorr cubes.

In the Netherlands, the contribution of margarine to vitamin D intakes was

published  in 2017. Media coverage raised awareness, reaching 220,000 people.

6

In Kenya, our Social Mission Hygiene and Nutrition Director is a member of the

 Lancet Commission (http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140­

6736(17)31509­X/fulltext) on the future of health in sub­Saharan Africa.

We are accelerating our fortification efforts, and by 2022 will provide more than 200

billion servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients. We will particularly

focus on addressing iron­deficiency anaemia, with anaemia affecting 30% of the

world’s population – mostly women and teenage girls. And by training entrepreneurs,

we will ensure our products reach remote communities.

We fund programmes that raise awareness of the benefits of consuming fortified

foods; exclusive breastfeeding; safe, timely and adequate complementary feeding and

dietary supplementation for infants and young children; and the benefits of a diverse

diet.

As a result of these initiatives, we can make a difference in improving nutrition and

health. We can also increase productivity. The costs of undernutrition in terms of lost

national productivity are significant, with between 3% and 16% of GDP lost annually in

Africa and Asia. The good news is we know that the economic returns from investing in

nutrition are high – with £16 generated for every pound invested. Boosting nutrition

can also boost growth.

1  http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.wrapper.nutrition­2016?lang=en

(http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.wrapper.nutrition­2016?lang=en)

2 Global Nutrition Report 2015

3  http://www.who.int/gho/child­malnutrition/en (http://www.who.int/gho/child­malnutrition/en) 

 http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.wrapper.nutrition­2016?lang=en

(http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.wrapper.nutrition­2016?lang=en)

4  http://www.who.int/quantifying_ehimpacts/publications/eb12/en

(http://www.who.int/quantifying_ehimpacts/publications/eb12/en)

5 Based on our standard servings.

6 Our study was the first to report that following dietary guidelines alone doesn’t help meet recommended

intakes. It recommended increasing levels of vitamin D in margarine and milk. The study was published in the

peer­reviewed journal Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism.



Previous

Good fats & oils from plants

More taste, less salt

Next 

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Informed choices
We are helping people take back control of their diets.

Power to the people

It seems that people have never been as interested in food as they are today. Our

appetite to explore new cultures through food appears insatiable, as is sharing our

latest food experiences via social media. With ever­increasing amounts of big data and

mobile apps, information is empowering people to take ownership of their health. We

know that 65% of people today ask where their food has come from.  People want

1

control of their diets, to know what is in the foods they eat, and understand how they

can live heathier lives.

We have listened and are responding through our reformulation efforts, and by

innovating to cater to different tastes and preferences. For our employees, we are

taking action to make sure that they have access to health and well­being programmes

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­

employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/) to help them improve their nutrition. And for

consumers, we are raising awareness of healthy eating. We want to empower people

to choose healthier and know that knowledge is key.

Our experience shows that understanding is often the trigger to encourage people to

take action on their health. People want to know what they’re eating, so we explain

how our products fit into a healthy diet.

Better choices across the world
We work with a variety of national and international health authorities to help people

make informed choices about the foods they eat, for example:

United Nations: Since 2014 we have supported the UN World Food Programme’s

Home­Grown School Meals Programme in vulnerable areas.

Governments: In Israel, our Perfect Fit campaign has seen us partner with the

Ministries of Health and Education, and various paediatric, dietetic and education

associations for 15 years. In Dubai, we work with the Ministry of Education and

Health Authority, where our DO More campaign has reached 5,000 people and

1,500 students across ten schools.

Scientists and academia: In the last few years, three local summits were organised

in Sri Lanka (April 2016), the Netherlands (March 2017) and Indonesia (July 2017).

These were part of our partnership with the International Union of Nutrition

Sciences (IUNS) to help governments develop policies for salt reduction, that are

based on solid science and global insights. In Indonesia, this was the first­ever

private sector conference on preventing non­communicable diseases. Fifty­three

participants attended, including representatives from the Ministry of Health,

academia, professional organisations and industry, for the first time uniting

advocacy efforts.

A helping hand
We work with a wide variety of health influencers to help people take back control of

their diets and lives.

Healthcare professionals (HCPs): We share scientific insights, demonstrations,

tools and product­tasting so HCPs can help people live healthier. We updated the

online heart disease tutorial, developed in three languages with the European

Atherosclerosis Society, BASF and Raisio Becel Centre for Heart Health in

Canada, which has offered accredited heart health education since 1978 to over

20,000 HCPs. In 2017, Unilever in Canada sponsored an educational session on

Sustainable Diets at the Dietitians of Canada annual conference.

Nutritionists: In 2017, we hosted a Tea Academy on the goodness of tea for 60

nutrition students from leading UAE universities. For the past three years, Unilever

in the US has worked with 11 ‘agents of change’ – highly respected and influential

dietitians who are active on social media. They are helping us spread the word

about nutritious recipes using our brands. See their stories on our  ‘learn about

my food’ (https://www.learnaboutmyfood.com/nutrition/) website.

Retailers: In 2017, we hosted a conference with registered dieticians in North

America on how to make meals that ‘do more’. Around 100 participants from more

than 45 retailers enjoyed demonstrations and tasters of our delicious innovations,

like Hellmann’s organic mild curry flavour mayonnaise dressing.

Influencers: In India, we created 200 nutritious school lunch  recipes

(https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqJkAAmi4QKCPCF62r_­BhQ) for 200 school

days with the India Food Network. In Lebanon and Jordan, we ran the NAMASTEA

campaign with Lipton Green. This involved four yoga sessions, promoted by four

key influencers in the region, and was attended by 230 yogis. Digitally, the

campaign reached 3.8 million people.

Read more about our responsible nutrition labelling (/sustainable­living/improving­

health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/informed­choices/nutrition­labelling/) and

marketing (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/informed­choices/responsible­marketing/), as well as how we are increasing

affordability and accessibility (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/improving­nutrition/informed­choices/affordability­and­accessibility/).

1
 Europanel U­Trust



Previous

Health and Well­
being: In our
kitchen

Nutritious cooking

Next 

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­
our­kitchen/)

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/improving­
nutrition/nutritious­cooking/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.


Improving
nutrition

Nutrition labelling
Our on­pack labels, as well as more detailed information online, help people

understand what’s in our products.

Label literacy
If you’ve ever wondered what all those percentages and charts are on the foods and

drinks you buy, you’re not alone. A  recent survey

(http://www.ausfoodnews.com.au/2017/05/29/us­consumers­confused­by­too­much­

nutritional­information.html)  found that eight out of ten US consumers have no idea

1

what nutrition labels mean, and say the information provided is conflicting and

confusing. It’s got to the stage where most people are uncertain about what to eat or

avoid.

Despite their difficulty understanding, we know that most people (72% of adults) do try

to read nutritional panels to find out about the food they’re buying.  And governments

2

and consumer organisations around the globe see food labels as a key way to support

people to choose healthier products.

That is why in 2017, 94% of our products had nutritional information in line with our

nutrition labelling commitment.  We work hard to make our communication as clear

3

and compelling as possible.

To make it easier for people to understand nutrition labels, we’re working towards the

World Health Organization’s ambition of one simple, consistent global standard in

front­of­pack labelling. We work with other food companies to develop an industry view

on appropriate portion size for labelling purposes and encourage our peers on their

journey towards global harmonisation.

We provide consumers with high­quality nutritious products and information on how to

improve diets. Labelling, including the nutrition content of our products, is an essential

part of our approach. To make sure we provide information accurately and in an easy­

to­understand way, we invest in training on labelling. We have designed an online

course to help colleagues in marketing, R&D, packaging, and external and regulatory

affairs understand the information we are required to provide to consumers. This is

important because labelling has a growing role in how consumers view and trust food

companies.

Clear labels help people make healthier choices
Our approach to nutrition labelling is consistent across the world, covering all our

brands and markets, and our governance model helps us monitor this. In countries

where our global labelling approach cannot be completely adopted – due to lack of

clarity on regulations, or simply because our packs are too small – we make

information available through our brand websites. All health information, including the

claims we make, is based on consensus from nutrition scientists and health

authorities.

As part of our Unilever labelling approach, we support the use of an industry­wide,

voluntary, interpretative front­of­pack logo. Such a logo should be based on globally­

agreed nutrition criteria, have recognition from non­governmental organisations and

industry, and facilitate consumer understanding of the food’s nutritional aspects. We

participate in the Choices Programme by using the front­of­pack Choices logo, in

addition to existing nutrition information, to help people make informed choices.

In Europe, Unilever is an active member of the  Evolved Nutrition Label

(http://evolvednutritionlabel.eu/) project. Together with other multinationals, Unilever

has established a taskforce to look into integrating portion sizes in the existing colour­

coded reference intakes scheme, as applied in the UK and Ireland. The end goal is to

put in place a robust nutrition labelling scheme that helps consumers make balanced

and mindful choices.

In Australia and New Zealand, we are progressively implementing the voluntary Health

Star Rating logo across our foods and refreshment portfolio, and children’s and family

tub ice cream brands. In 2017, Health Star Rating was available on over 90 Unilever

products. In Malaysia and Thailand, we are committed to applying the recently

launched Healthier Choice logos. We are also providing technical knowledge and

guidance on product criteria where needed.

Our approach to labelling

‘Big 8’ nutrients on back­of­pack (energy, protein, carbohydrate, sugars, fat,

saturates, fibre and sodium).

Front­of­pack icon showing energy content as either % contribution to the daily

recommendation or as an absolute quantity.

Per portion (preferred option) or per 100g/ml.

For small or unusually shaped packs, ‘Big 4’ on back­of­pack (energy, protein,

carbohydrate and fat) and energy per portion front­of­pack, provided this is legally

allowed. For very small packs, information can often be obtained through websites

and carelines.

For energy, sugars, fat, saturated fat and salt, % contribution to the  daily dietary

recommendation (PDF | 421KB) (/Images/slp_guideline­daily­amount_tcm244­

414400_en.pdf) is given as an icon or text on back­of­pack.

Spotlight

SmartLabel: Food information at your fingertips

Knowledge is power. And we want to help people make better­informed

decisions about the foods they eat. With so many options for food and drinks

today, from organic products to gluten­free alternatives, people want to know

more than ever what’s in their food. Many are also interested in where the

ingredients come from and how the final product was made. But it’s not easy to

give so much information when the packaging of the products is usually fairly

small.

Our US business has come up with an innovative solution to this problem using

SmartLabel™ technology. Whether out shopping or at home in the kitchen,

people can use the SmartLabel app to simply scan the product barcode or look

on our brand websites. As well as providing information like ingredients and

nutrition information, SmartLabel helps people who are looking to find out more.

At the click of a button, people can quickly and easily access information about

allergens and any third­party certifications for ingredient standards, as well as

user instructions and links to brand content. They can even find out about the

growing method and country of origin for key ingredients, all displayed in a

consistent, accessible layout on a smartphone or computer.

The SmartLabel app was developed by the Grocery Manufacturers Association

and is available through the sponsorship of Unilever US. All our Foods and

Refreshments on SmartLabel can be  seen online

(https://www.learnaboutmyfood.com/smartlabel/).  Plus, we’ve started adding

4

extra information about our fragrance ingredients, so there are now over 1,800

Unilever food and beauty & personal care products that you can find out more

about.

Nutrition labelling is good for everyone
There is evidence that supporting front­of­pack nutrition labelling is not only good for

helping people improve their health, it’s also good for business.

A study in 2015, supported by Unilever, examined the effects of voluntary adoption of

front­of­pack nutrition labelling on companies’ innovation. It examined more than 600

5
brands and 7,500 US products over a ten­year period.

Researchers found that companies that adopt front­of­pack labelling introduce more

innovative and nutritionally better products than companies that don’t use front­of­pack

labelling. And early adopters introduce more new products compared with late

adopters.

In addition, the Choices International Foundation conducted  research

(https://www.choicesprogramme.org/library/choices­research) into the impact of

different labelling systems. This found that positive front­of­pack labelling drives

reformulation. It showed that people are willing to pay more for a product with a

positive front­of­pack logo and buy more of that product. It revealed that products with

a positive front­of­pack label increase market share over time.

The results of these studies have important implications, not only for companies, but

also for policy­makers and consumer welfare.

Nutrition & health claims
In nutrition labelling, accurate health claims are essential to building consumer trust.

That is why we have a  global position (PDF | 87KB) (/Images/unilever­position­

nutrition­health­claims_tcm244­508774_en.pdf) for making health claims on our foods

and beverages.

1
 By the International Food Information Council Foundation.

2
 Source (http://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?

toURL=http://www.forbes.com/sites/thehartmangroup/2016/07/20/nutrition­101­consumers­actually­do­read­

product­labels/&refURL=&referrer=#22aacfea1f27): 'Nutrition 101: Consumers actually do read product labels',

the US­based researcher Hartman Group, which specialises in food and beverage culture and trends.

3
 This figure is by volume worldwide, Q2 2017 and includes the products from our foodservice business,

Unilever Food Solutions, as well as those parts of the Pepsi Lipton business where Unilever is responsible for

marketing and distribution; it excludes products marketed through other joint ventures.

4
 Products from our Pepsi­Lipton joint venture are expected in 2018.

5
 Lim JH, Rishika R, and Janakiraman R. The Effects of Voluntary Disclosure of Product Information on Firm

Innovation: The Case of Front­of­Package Nutrition Labeling Initiative.



Previous

Affordability & accessibility

Responsible marketing

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Improving
nutrition

Responsible marketing
We are helping people make better food choices through responsible

marketing.

Marketing in a connected world
From the moment we wake up in the morning, we are exposed to hundreds of

advertising messages – on our phones, on TV, on advertising hoardings, on product

packaging. As the second­largest advertiser in the world based on media spend, we

have a duty to ensure our marketing and advertising is responsible and a force for

good, helping us to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

We are guided by four principles:

We are committed to building trust through responsible practices and transparent

communication.

It is our responsibility to ensure that our products are safe, and that we provide

clear information on their use and any risks that are associated with their use.

We fully support a consumer's right to know what is in our products and will be

transparent in terms of ingredients, nutrition values, and the health and beauty

properties of our products.

We will use a combination of channels, including product labels, websites, careline

phone numbers and/or leaflets to communicate openly with our consumers.

Following the highest standards
Working through trade bodies – such as the World Federation of Advertisers and the

International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) – we support the development of

international self­regulatory codes for all types of marketing and advertising, and apply

these across our business. The ICC’s Advertising and Marketing Communication

Practice code is the basis for all our communications. This states that all marketing

and advertising must pass the baseline test of being “legal, decent, honest and

truthful”, and that all claims made must have a sound scientific basis.

Our marketing messages must be appropriate, must not undermine the promotion of

healthy, balanced diets and active lifestyles, or misrepresent snacks as meals. For

example, we won’t show over­sized portions or 'size zero' in our advertising.

In 2003, we were one of the first companies to apply our own  principles to the

marketing and advertising of all our foods and refreshment (PDF | 461KB)

(/Images/unilevers­principles­on­responsible­food­and­beverage­marketing­july­

2017_tcm244­424772_en.pdf). These provide guidance to our brand managers and

are reviewed regularly, most recently in July 2017. Our Responsible Marketing

Principles contain no exceptions and are among the most wide­reaching. They cover

all forms of marketing communications, including packaging, point­of­sale and all

digital communication channels. Our updated principles include a move to the Highest

Nutritional Standards and a greater focus on digital.

A leading role in industry
Unilever is a founding member of the International Food & Beverage Alliance (IFBA),

which makes commitments to the WHO on responsible advertising to children, nutrition

labelling and product reformulation. We play a major role in promoting industry­wide

voluntary initiatives like the  EU Pledge (http://www.eu­pledge.eu/), and we support

and adhere to all Pledges around the world.

Each year since 2009, Accenture has been commissioned by IFBA to independently

audit companies’ compliance with its marketing principles. In 2016/2017, they

monitored Unilever across five markets and found 96.3% compliance for TV

advertising, and 100% for print and online advertising (including company­owned,

YouTube and third­party websites).

In addition, we have a  Code Policy on Responsible Marketing (PDF | 169KB)

(/Images/cobp­responsible­marketing_tcm244­521484_en.pdf) (for all Unilever product

divisions, not just foods and refreshments). This ensures our employees are aware of

their responsibilities concerning responsible marketing practices. The Code is

supported by mandatory training for all employees which uses case studies to highlight

the key attributes of a responsible marketing approach.

Responsible marketing to children
We recognise the role parents play in helping their children eat and drink healthily. So,

for any marketing directed at children, we will not undermine parental influence,

encourage 'pester power', or use time or price minimisation pressure.

We are careful not to exploit a child’s imagination or inexperience, or blur the boundary

between content and commercial promotion. We voluntarily restrict all marketing

communications to children under six, as we know they are unable to distinguish

between marketing and programming. And we restrict marketing and advertising to

children under 12 for all products except those that meet: our Highest Nutritional

Standards (HNS); or any common industry criteria we are committed to, such as in the

EU; or any criteria set by public authorities. Where differences exist, we apply the

strictest criteria.

Our restrictions apply to all forms of marketing and advertising to children, including

packaging and labelling, TV and radio advertising, consumer promotions, in­store

activities, PR materials, online activity (including both company­owned and third­party

websites), social media and digital advertising, apps, online games and direct

marketing. They also apply to all other forms of communication (like cartoon

characters, product placements, advergaming, free gifts/toys and so on).

To determine if ‘marketing communications’ are ‘directed to children’, we will take into

account the placement (eg media audiences where 35% or more of the audience is

under the age of 12) and the content of those communications. We don’t promote

brands or products in primary schools. Only products meeting our HNS can use

cartoon characters and celebrities, or participate in educational campaigns with

specific agreement from school administrations.

Our objective for 2018 is to continue promoting the highest industry standards and

inspire collective action on responsible marketing. To do this, we will support and

strengthen national and regional pledges with industry partners and ensure high levels

of compliance and understanding of our strengthened Global Principles.



Previous

Nutrition labelling

Affordability & accessibility

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US


Improving
nutrition

Affordability & accessibility
We are making our products accessible and affordable for people, wherever

they live.

A key focus of our business
Ensuring accessibility and affordability of foods containing good fats, wholegrains,

fruits and vegetables, vitamins and minerals – whether fresh, dried or frozen – is

crucial. This was outlined by Amanda Sourry, former President of Unilever's Food

Category, in a three­point plan (/news/news­and­features/Feature­article/2017/a­three­

point­plan­to­feed­10­billion­people­by­2050.html) to feed 10 billion people by 2050.

We are addressing affordability and accessibility by ensuring our products are

represented across the full price and package size range (from sachets to family

packs), especially in emerging markets like South East Asia, Africa and Latin America.

Across all our brands, we set strategic pricing guidelines, including pricing below the

market average to reach lower income groups. For launches, we conduct extensive

research to evaluate affordability, pricing and purchase intention among low­income

consumers. We also recently launched a holistic cost­managing platform – allowing us

to minimise or completely offset changes, such as ongoing currency fluctuations or

material inflation. This means we can avoid passing extra costs onto consumers.

In South Africa, for example, we offer smaller packs at the right price point across our

range of soups, bouillons and seasonings. Knorr dry soups are available at only R2

and Royco bouillon at R1 (€0.07). We sell small, top­up packs through local Spaza

shops, so people can buy these at the end of the month when money is tight. And in

India, Annapurna Atta is the only brand offering pre­packed, 100% wholewheat flour in

a 500g size, making the product accessible to people on lower incomes.

Poverty shouldn't mean poor food
We specifically pay attention to making sure products that meet our Highest Nutritional

Standards (HNS) are affordable and accessible, so they reach those who need them

most. We have committed that 60% of our total portfolio will meet HNS in 2020. Such

an ambitious target commits us to making healthy food affordable and accessible for

all consumers.

Fortified foods are an integral part of this. Last year, 13% of our total food and

beverage sales by volume contributed to recommended daily intakes of at least one of

five key micronutrients (iodine, vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc and iron). This translates into

138 billion servings, 44% of which are sold in developing and emerging countries

where malnutrition is most prevalent. By 2022, we will provide more than 200 billion

servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients. As part of this, we have

pledged to address affordability and accessibility.

We promote affordable, nutritious products
We offer discounts, price promotions and coupons on nutritious products, including tea

which is an affordable, healthy beverage sold in many markets. In India, for example,

our tea is available at only Rs1 (€0.013). A cup of loose tea can cost even less, from

Rs0.8 to Rs1.5 depending on the brand – mass market BB Taaza or premium Brooke

Bond Taj.

To boost affordable, healthy products around the world, we engage with shoppers

through promoters and dieticians. In Gulf countries, for example, we promote green

tea consumption in supermarkets and hypermarkets. In Poland in 2017, shoppers

were given the opportunity to ‘Taste for free’. This involved buying and trying any

Lipton green or herbal tea, and then getting their money back by registering on a

dedicated campaign website. In addition, to encourage people to try green tea, we

included Lipton Green Citrus 25 teabags for free in packs of Lipton Yellow Label 120

teabags.

We increase affordability by selling through discount retailers. In Europe, we are the

biggest branded supplier to discount supermarkets in the divisions in which we

compete. Globally, we sell over €2 billion through discount channels, and a significant

portion of this is through our Foods & Refreshment business. Going forward, we will

build our presence in discount retailers.

Our brands give people tips on how to eat balanced diets on a budget. In the

Philippines, for example, we developed a book with the Food and Nutrition Research

Institute to showcase nutritious recipes using Knorr. Each recipe costs only around €1

to make and feeds a family of five. And Unilever Food Solutions – our dedicated

foodservice business – runs programmes for chefs, covering 200 million dishes a day.

Improving access to remote areas

For all brands, we take into account distribution. We found that in some countries,

traditional distribution channels weren’t reaching people in remote areas. So we

developed a network of small­scale retailers to help us improve access to healthy,

affordable products. At the same time, we believe this will enable 1 billion more people

to enjoy our brands, providing us with a vital opportunity for sustainable growth.

For example, our unique Shakti (or ‘power’) model in India involves dedicated rural

women being trained to distribute Unilever products where they live and in

neighbouring villages. As our brand ambassadors, they spread messages of health

and hygiene, as well as healthy, affordable products to low­income families, living in

remote areas. We are now adapting this model in several South­East Asian, African

and Latin American markets.

We also share our model and explore further solutions with stakeholders. In 2017, for

example, we held a joint  workshop on sustainable nutrition

(https://www.nyas.org/programs/the­sackler­institute­for­nutrition­science/sustainable­

nutrition­workshop/) with the Sackler Institute for Nutrition Science, in which we

discussed increasing access to sustainable, affordable and healthful food.

“

Developing nutritious products is an important ﬁrst

step for food companies. However, ensuring they are

available in affordable formats for people on low-

incomes, and accessible to people no matter where

they live, is just as important. We want to offer

nutritious food for all people...

”

Frank Haresnape, Vice Presidents Foods, Africa



Previous

Responsible marketing

Nutrition labelling

Next 

 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Nutritious cooking
We want to help people live better by eating tasty and nutritious, home­

cooked food.

Deliciously inspiring

Life today is very different to our grandparents’ generation, and even our parents’. With

24­hour, on­demand TV programmes, video games and social media, the pull of quick

fix, easy­to­access entertainment is strong, and healthy living is often perceived as

harder work. The World Health Organization has expressed concern that many

1
adolescents lack the necessary cooking skills to ensure healthier futures.

We believe delicious and nutritious food should be within everyone’s reach. We are

empowering people to cook healthy meals with varied ingredients, in flexible ways that

suit different lifestyles and budgets.

On our packs and online, we suggest 100,000 recipe ideas. Our  Healthy Recipe

Framework (PDF | 991KB) (/Images/healthy­recipe­framework_may­2017_tcm244­

508320_en.pdf) ensures they are aligned with our Highest Nutritional Standards, and

are based on expert recommendations. From Lipton’s green tea recipes to delicious

desserts featuring Carte D’Or ice creams, we aim to inspire creative and nutritious

cooking. Knorr also displays on­pack shopping lists and tips to make it even easier for

people to start cooking with nutritious ingredients.

For people who do cook, we understand that many are pressed for time and want to

get dinner on the table as quickly as possible. Research shows that people in the US

today use less ingredients and make fewer side dishes. According to research, one in

five spends only 15 minutes preparing dinner on an average weekday , and almost

2

90% don’t eat enough vegetables . Our Knorr Sides encourage people to add protein

3

and fresh vegetables to transform side dishes into fool­proof, nutritious main meals

cooked at home.



Inspiring young people to cook

Getting kids to cook makes them more willing to try new foods. Unilever

provides help for parents on how to encourage young chefs to cook their own

delicious, nutritious food. Top tips include making sure to choose age­

appropriate tasks, teaching kitchen safety, inspiring creativity and above all,

making it fun!  See here for more tips

(https://www.learnaboutmyfood.com/nutrition/How­parents­can­encourage­

young­chefs.html).

Let’s get cooking!
Following recipes can be daunting for someone who’s never been taught how to cook,

so we provide cookery classes, especially to vulnerable groups. In the US, for

example, we introduced our Make Meals that Do More retailer programme. This

teaches cooking skills, encourages consumers to eat healthily and promotes

sustainability. The programme also partnered with Stone Barns Center for Food and

Agriculture to train high school teachers in Miami, Los Angeles, Houston and Chicago.

The curriculum focuses on inspiring students to become ‘food citizens’ to make a

meaningful impact on their personal, environmental and community health.

One­third of East Harlem residents are obese, and diabetes there is nearly double the

rest of Manhattan. In 2017, our private–public partnership Growing Roots improved

access to fresh food and taught people how to cook on a tight budget. Our chefs and

dieticians developed 16 delicious, culturally appropriate, nutritious recipes for cooking

classes, community festivals and in­store activities. As a result, almost 600 kg of

vegetables have been harvested, and over 285 kg of food scraps have been donated

for compost. 52% of residents say they are cooking more vegetables and 85% say

they are trying to prepare healthier meals.

In addition, we partnered with the Whole Kids Foundation and  sponsored 20 K­12

gardens (https://www.learnaboutmyfood.com/communities/whole­kids­healthy­

futures.html) in underserved schools in Miami, Los Angeles, Houston and Chicago.

These provide the children with an edible garden space to learn more about how fresh

food grows, tastes and can be cooked.

Since 2010, we have partnered with ‘Young People at a Healthy Weight’ ( JOGG

(https://jongerenopgezondgewicht.nl/)) in the Netherlands. JOGG is a movement, in

120 municipalities, which encourages everyone to make healthy food and exercise an

easy and attractive lifestyle option for young people (0–19 years). In 2017, Unilever

employees were invited to provide guest lectures to primary schools about healthy

diets and lifestyles, using a specially­designed educational pack for children aged 8–

12 years.

The material focused on energy balance and was developed with educational expert

Chemie3 (C3), Jet­Net and JOGG. To date, some 390 children were reached with the

smoothie lectures and materials are made available to all schools, including those in

JOGG communities.

In Mexico, Knorr runs ‘Conscious eating’ workshops to help people manage their

weight better. The workshops help participants to identify the thoughts and emotions

that influence their eating habits, recognising the power of eating together as a family,

and learning how to create tasty, more nutritious meals. Our employees also

volunteered to hold a cooking and tasting workshop for 100 women. The recipes made

featured ingredients provided by the government to low­income families.

And in the Philippines, we are the first company to use the Food and Nutrition

Research Institute’s (FNRI) Healthy Eating Plate. We have developed a cooking

course for low­income moms, and a cooking contest using Knorr products to prepare

dishes on a daily family income of PHP400 (€7). As a result, 36 new Knorr recipes

were created and a toolkit produced for nationwide implementation by FNRI. This

programme has reached over 246,000 people.

Knorr’s Green Food Steps programme

Toyin Saraki is a leading African health campaigner and Founder­President of

Wellbeing Foundation Africa.

Toyin knows with her own eyes the adverse effects of malnutrition. Iron deficiency

is a big problem in Nigeria, and around half of women have anaemia because of

it. Toyin She understands the huge impact that just a few small steps in the

kitchen can have in improving wellness. Here, she offers her perspective on

Knorr’s Green Food Steps initiative to promote nutritious cooking.

Is cooking something you personally enjoy?

“Yes, very much so. It helps me relax. As a Nigerian, I love cooking our national

dishes. But I cook from a wide range of other cultures as well. I like there to be

lots of colours on the plate. So I enjoy cooking with red peppers and various

spices too. It makes the food tastier and increases its nutritional content.”

‘Green Steps’ encourages mothers to pass on nutritious recipes to their

children. Is that a good approach in your opinion?

“For sure. I was taught to cook by my mother when I was young. As a mother now

myself, I’ve taught my daughters and my son to cook. I see nutritious cooking as

an investment – a human investment. It’s all about teaching us how to eat right

and respect our bodies. If we can teach people about the importance of having

iron­rich food, and fortifying food where necessary, we could save millions of

people from anaemia.”

Knorr’s Green Food Steps (/news/news­and­features/Feature­article/2015/knorrs­

green­food­steps­to­improve­health­and­livelihoods.html) was presented by

Unilever at the 2017 International Conference on Nutrition. So far, it’s reached

over 220,000 women and teenage girls, and 23 million people through media. In

2018, the programme will be scaled in Nigeria through the Heroes for Change

project, which helps nutrition ambassadors use Facebook’s Free Basics to

connect communities with nutrition information. The programme will also be rolled

out in Kenya and Indonesia.

Eating out healthily – a contradiction?
In the US in 1970, 25.9% of food spend was on eating out of the home. By 2012, this

rose to 43.1% , Today, the average household spends over $3,000 every year eating

4

3

out.  However, we know that health and nutrition are not the first priorities for most

people when eating out, and they don’t want to compromise on taste or the feeling that

5
eating out is a treat.

Across the world, we use our brands, extensive chef networks and key global

partnerships to champion cooking that is better for people and the planet. Unilever

Food Solutions – our dedicated food service business – is helping 2 million chefs and

cooks, in 74 countries, to produce healthier and even more delicious meals for their

customers. For example, working with Knorr chefs, Unilever Food Solutions led a

project to create a Chefs’ Manifesto, with the aim of supporting chefs from 37 countries

in influencing healthy diets and taking action on Zero Hunger (SDG2) issues.

Unilever Food Solutions is delighting consumers eating out of the home, with tasty

dishes containing less salt. For example, in Russia, 77% of Unilever Food Solutions

products are now compliant with our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS). In Turkey,

we reduced salt in two popular dressings: Hellmann’s ketchup (by 37%), Hellmann’s

BBQ sauce (15%). We also aligned two Meal Makers with our ‘5g of salt a day’

commitment, and we continue to encourage salt reduction through on­pack

communication like our ‘no added salt’ logo. In India, we launched eight varieties of

Knorr Chef’s Masala, which meet sodium HNS benchmarks.

Unilever Food Solutions supports chefs in care homes and hospitals with training and

tools to develop tasty recipes to meet the nutritional needs of  older people

(https://www.unileverfoodsolutions.co.uk/chef­inspiration/elderly­care.html). One­third

of older people admitted to these facilities are at risk of malnutrition and their nutritional

needs differ from younger adults. We partner with geriatric associations and nutritional

experts in ten countries, for example at the 2017 German Nutrition Association

Congress.

In addition, Unilever Food Solutions’ Seductive Nutrition initiative helps food services

improve the nutritional content of their most popular dishes, like reducing 100

kilocalories from each. This programme runs in North America, South Africa and north­

eastern Europe. In North America alone, we helped remove over 10 billion calories

from menus. Together, these changes will have a big impact on eating out healthily.

1  http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/253727/64wd14e_FoodNutAP_140426.pdf (PDF ­

523kB) (http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/253727/64wd14e_FoodNutAP_140426.pdf)

2  International Food Information Council Foundation. Food & Health Survey 2015 (PDF | 2MB)

(http://www.foodinsight.org/sites/default/files/2015­Food­and­Health­Survey­Full­Report.pdf)

3  Scientific Report of the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee

(http://www.health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015­scientific­report/)

4  US Department of Agriculture (https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/food­choices­health/food­consumption­

demand/food­away­from­home.aspx)

5  US Bureau of Labor Statistics (PDF | 7MB) (https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/consumer­

expenditures/2015/pdf/home.pdf)



Previous

Informed choices

Next 

Reducing our environmental impact in Foods and Refreshment

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Improving nutrition

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Reducing our environmental impact in
Foods and Refreshment
We are cutting food and packaging waste, and the amount of water and

energy to make our products and refrigerate ice cream.

From eating greens to eating green

When choosing what to eat, people are primarily focused on taste, and for the more

health conscious, eating vegetables and a balanced diet. Nowadays, many people

also think green while eating. What do we mean by this? People are increasingly

concerned about preserving our planet and limited natural resources. They want to eat

well and do the right thing for the environment at the same time.

We believe that by focusing on preserving our planet through sustainable sourcing and

production practices, we can help people throughout our value chain to thrive. We are

developing creative solutions to reduce food waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­waste/) in the

kitchen, inspiring consumers and chefs to do the same. And we are reducing our waste

and packaging (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/), water use (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/)

and emissions (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/protecting­our­forests/) from sourcing through to manufacturing, distribution and

selling.

Real farmers, real ingredients
Sustainable agriculture is a key component of our overall mission to make sustainable

living commonplace. Ever since we learnt that about half of our environmental footprint

globally comes from growing the ingredients for our products, we’ve been working hard

with farmers to expand our sustainable farming practices even further.

When growing fruit, vegetables, herbs and spices for our products, we encourage

responsible use of limited natural resources. Knorr supports farmers in meeting our

rigorous sustainability standards, reducing fertiliser use, and protecting soil and water

better. Our Knorr Partnership Fund (/about/suppliers­centre/sustainable­sourcing­

suppliers/knorr­sustainability­partnership/knorr­sustainability­partnership­fund/) invests

€1 million every year in co­funded projects with suppliers for their farmers. This helps

them meet, or go beyond, our Sustainable Agriculture Code requirements. So far, we

have funded over 100 projects. Farms that demonstrate the highest standards are

awarded Knorr Landmark Farm status.

Anthony Azevedo, a garlic farmer at one of our Landmark Farms in the US says, “The

biggest challenge we face is water. So we had the Knorr partnership, which was an

irrigation trial. We can irrigate a whole field in one day, versus sprinklers where it would

take five or six days to get across the fields. We’ve set up the ranch for the future by

switching to drip irrigation. My boys will be the fifth generation farming this land, so

we’ve been here for a long, long time, and we want to keep it going for our future

generations.”

When Farming is in Your Blood I Tony Azevedo, Knorr Ga……
When Farming is in Your Blood I Tony Azevedo, Knorr Ga

Soil health has been identified as an environmental hot spot in our supply chain. In

Iowa, for example, we are trialling regenerative agriculture techniques to improve soil

health through cover crops/third crop rotation key practices. By the end of 2017, we

had engaged 160 farmers, planting over 25,000 acres with cover crops. Studies show

this approach could use 88% less manufactured fertiliser, and through diverse rotation,

six times less herbicide use.

Spotlight

Not just rice

When you walk into your local supermarket and look at the array of rice on

offer, not many people realise how much effort goes into the production of this

popular side dish. None more so than the rice produced at The Isbell Farms,

one of our premiere suppliers, providing rice for Knorr® Rice Sides and new

Knorr® Selects. The Isbell family shares our commitment to sustainability and

sustainable sourcing, and enjoys Landmark Farm status.

The Isbell’s have been innovating sustainable farming techniques for years. For

example, they alternate soil wetting and drying, which means letting a field dry

out completely after flooding it. Just one drying a season stops the anaerobic

state of the soil’s bacteria, which may halve the production of methane – a

potent greenhouse gas. Mark Isbell is working with the University of Arkansas

on a multi­year measurement study to assess exactly how much this process

helps.

The family uses cover crops to improve soil health and reduce fertiliser usage,

while employing no­till farming. This means leaving more natural plant matter

on top of the soil to prevent erosion and reducing CO  emissions by ploughing

2

less. Other farmers supplying Unilever ingredients also use this method, but the

Isbell’s were pioneers.

“I think innovation is just ingrained in me, I love it,” says Chris Isbell. “If I had to

farm like everybody else, I wouldn’t do it.”

“There’s just something about the closeness of a family working together,”

explains Judy Isbell. “The land has been good to our family, and we need to do

anything we can do to give it back to our children and our grandchildren.”

Why food waste is not a throw-away issue
If food waste was a country, it would be the third­largest emitter of greenhouse gas

(GHG) emissions behind the US and China. Climate change is accelerated and

precious natural resources squandered in growing and transporting uneaten food. In

1
fact, global food waste is estimated to cost more than US$940 billion every year.

Cutting waste would significantly reduce environmental damage, bring economic gains

and, crucially, help feed the 815 million people who still go to bed hungry every night.

Sustainable Nutrition means minimising food waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­waste/) from farm

to fork. That is why we helped shape the Consumer Goods Forum’s (CGF)

 Resolution on Food Waste

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/environmental­sustainability/key­

projects/food­solid­waste/). Through this, companies commit to halving food waste by

2025. In 2017, we also signed CGF’s commitment to switch to a standardised system

of food expiry dates by 2020. The aim is to tackle food waste by avoiding the confusion

around date labels that often causes people to throw away good food.

Due to efficiencies, implemented as part of our 2008 Zero Waste to Landfill

commitment, only 0.75% of food waste from our food manufacturing sites is disposed

into landfill, sewer and incineration without energy recovery. Since this number is very

low, we have agreed with the CGF that it is not impactful to focus on halving it by 2025.

Instead, we will continue to report our disposed food waste from manufacturing and

focus our efforts on reducing food loss and waste across our value chain. We will do

this by engaging with suppliers, retailers and consumers and advocating for food

system reform.

For instance, food waste is one of five UN Zero Hunger Challenge pillars, to which we

have signed up. Furthermore, our former CEO Paul Polman is a  Champion 12.3

(https://champions123.org/): a coalition of global leaders advocating for action to help

achieve UN Sustainable Development Goal 12.3 – which focuses on halving per capita

food waste by 2030 and reducing food loss across the value chain.

We also value national partnerships, like our work in Argentina with Carrefour, the

Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Ministry of Agroindustry. Together, we

ran the ‘Let’s save food’ campaign at point of sale, reaching 8 million people. We are

now looking to scale this with the FAO in other countries.

By working with others, we know we can do more. For example, we’ve partnered with

the  Global FoodBanking Network (https://www.foodbanking.org/) to redirect food

and other products to those in need. We have been working with the European

Federation of Food Banks since 2014, and we have invested in developing food banks

across Central and Eastern Europe. In the UK, we support Oxfam and  The Trussell

Trust’s (https://www.trusselltrust.org/) food bank networks. And in the US, we support

 Feeding America (http://www.feedingamerica.org/), the leading domestic hunger­

relief charity. Across the world, over 8 million people benefit from our food bank

partnerships and hunger relief activities.

Our brands play their part
Wherever possible, we look to cut waste through our brands. For example, seed husks

are removed from our Maille mustard and reused as animal feed. Our new

 Hellmann’s Red & Green Tomato Ketchup (https://www.hellmanns.com/uk/our­

ketchup.html) is made with any colour tomatoes, saving an estimated 2.5 million green

tomatoes a year from potential waste. And Hellmann’s ‘Easy­Out’ technology has

reduced the average amount of leftover mayonnaise in a bottle from 13% to just 3%.

This means roughly 5,000 tonnes of mayonnaise landing on the plate instead of landfill

every year.

Our foodservice business, Unilever Food Solutions and food supplier, Sodexo, are

further helping chefs and caterers around the world to cut waste. We have developed

the Wise Up on Waste app, which allows chefs to track waste in their kitchens and on

plates. In 2016, this was used 27,000 times across six countries. Unilever Food

Solutions also launched WasteWatch, a global programme to reduce waste across our

operations. So far, this has reduced waste across 14 sites by 16.5 tonnes – equivalent

to approximately 1,900 binbags of rubbish.

Top tips to cut food waste

For the past three years, Unilever in the US has worked with 11 ‘agents of

change’ – highly respected and influential dietitians. Here, they offer tips on how

to cut food waste…

 
Marisa Moore advises planning before you shop. “Take a good look inside your

fridge and pantry, plan to add one or two things, and this will help you use food

before it goes bad.” She learned the value of the freezer from her grandmother,

who froze in­season produce for later use. I even freeze bread ­ it’s great for toast

and grilled cheese.”

Rachael Hartley suggests ‘meal preparedness’, a loose, realistic plan for the

week that incorporates leftovers, ripe produce, and pantry ingredients into easy

meals. Kylie Mitchell agrees, saying “Don’t shop as if you are going to cook dinner

every night if you know you usually eat out three times a week.”

Annessa Chumbley advises keeping produce front and centre in your fridge.

“Don’t banish fruits and vegetables to the produce­bin graveyard.” She devotes

her fridge’s top shelf to green onions kept in a glass mason jar and strawberries

packed in a clear plastic bag with a paper towel inside to absorb moisture, so they

last longer.

Even scraps can be used

Mia Syn suggests reusing produce scraps. She saves and sautés the green tops

of beets, carrots, and radishes, then tossing them into salads and stir­fries.

“People will discard these scraps thinking they are not edible ­ we need to

educate them.”

Manuel Villacorta invests in quality storage. He cooks his favourite Peruvian

dishes for dinner, then brings the leftovers to work for lunch. “I make just enough

to last for a couple of days,” he says. “Nothing gets thrown out.”

You can read about their stories on our  ‘learn about my food’

(http://www.learnaboutmyfood.com/nutrition/) website.

Less packaging, less waste
By 2025, we will ensure that all our plastic packaging is fully reusable, recyclable or

compostable (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/rethinking­plastic­packaging/). We are taking action to reduce packaging for

our foods and drinks. In Spain, for example, our 400g Hellmann’s glass jar light­

weighting programme has saved 367 tonnes of glass and resulted in a 10% lighter jar.

In China, to remove the plastic film in our ice cream cartons, we developed the more

sustainable matt UV varnish. This will save over 300 tonnes of packaging waste every

year and will be introduced for our ice creams across Asia in 2018.

In South Africa, we now make Knorr dressing bottles from 35% recycled plastic water

bottles. This means 900 metric tonnes less plastic will be used each year, equivalent in

weight to 15 elephants. And in Brazil, we introduced recycled plastic for our

refreshments, reducing the thickness of the packaging and saving 35 tonnes every

year.

Protecting natural resources
We are taking action across our Foods and Refreshment portfolio to protect natural

resources. We encourage our factories to ‘close the loop’ and return resources to the

local environment where they can.

Our Knorr factory in Argentina does this through a project which helps local vegetable

farmers. We produce an organic soil conditioner by combining loose soil shaken from

the vegetables with nutrient­rich effluent. This soil conditioner is then used on the

same fields where the vegetables were originally grown. In this way, we have reduced

waste from this factory by 430 tonnes, and we are helping to care for the quality of the

local soil.

To save water in our supply chain, we have helped to implement over 4,000 water

management plans (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­

use/working­with­our­suppliers­and­farmers­to­manage­water­use/) with our growers

around the world. We do this through our sustainable sourcing programme

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­

to­sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­programme/). This helps farmers,

for example, to introduce drip irrigation, which cuts water use by up to 50%. By

creating optimal growing conditions, this can boost yields by 25–35% and – because

the soil is not completely soaked – reduce the spread of fungal and bacterial diseases

and weeds. In humid regions this means the use of fungicide can be cut by up to 50%,

lowering costs for farmers.

We are also taking action to lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­forests/). In

Argentina, for example, many of our food products are shipped without going through a

distribution centre, taking 19 trucks and 15 tonnes of CO  off the road every month. In

2

Spain, we’re pioneering sustainable Frigo ice cream freezers. Globally, by the end of

2017, we had purchased over 2.6 million freezers containing natural hydrocarbon

refrigerants.

In the US and India, we have been trialling solar­powered ice cream cabinets, which

can be recharged at night using grid electricity. And we are developing more products

that can be stored at room temperature, for example, through Unox’s partnership with

The Vegetarian Butcher in the Netherlands.

Find out more about how we are reducing the environmental impact across our

portfolio (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/).

1
 The business case for reducing food loss and waste: a report on behalf of Champions 12.3 (PDF | 700KB)

(https://champions123.org/wp­content/uploads/2017/03/report_­business­case­for­reducing­food­loss­and­

waste.pdf)



Previous

Nutritious cooking

Sustainable nutrition

Next 

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Reducing environmental impact

Unilever's work on reducing environmental impact supports

8

of the UN Sustainable

Development Goals

 Learn more about how we are taking action on these goals

Our Big Goal
Reducing
environmental
impact by half

By 2030 our goal is to halve the
environmental footprint of the
making and use of our products as
we grow our business.

Reducing environmental impact

Decoupling growth from our environmental
impact
Part of our Vision is to grow our business whilst decoupling our environmental impact

from our growth. We consider the reduction of our greenhouse gas (GHG), water and

waste impacts across our value chain, from sourcing our raw materials to within our

own manufacturing and operations and consumer use. We also aim to source our

agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Reducing the environmental impact of how consumers use our products continues to

prove difficult, as our performance on reducing GHG and Water impact per consumer

use demonstrates. However, in those areas where we have control over our impacts –

such as our own manufacturing ­ we are making excellent progress.

Our performance: GHG, water, waste &
sustainable sourcing
Our environmental targets for GHG, water and waste are expressed on a ‘per

consumer use’ basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product, such as

the impact of one load of laundry. Our performance is measured against a baseline of

2010.

Our performance: Manufacturing
Our performance is measured against a baseline of 2008.

KEY:

Achieved

Off-plan

On-plan

%

Of target achieved

Our approach
We want to play our part in tackling climate change and reduce the depletion of natural

resources. It makes business sense to reduce our risk by securing sustainable sources

of supply for raw materials, to cut costs through reducing packaging materials and

higher manufacturing efficiencies, and to appeal to more consumers with sustainable,

purpose­led brands.

Our approach, which directly supports a number of the UN Sustainable Development

Goals, focuses on:

Taking global climate action and protecting our forests

Championing sustainable agriculture, focused land use and food security

Helping consumers to recycle more and use less water and less energy through

producing products with a lower environmental impact

Making our manufacturing and distribution more eco­efficient

Advocating public policy to tackle climate change.

The environmental pillars of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan are supported by our

 Environmental Policy (PDF | 168KB) (/Images/unilever­environmental­

policy_tcm244­436111_en.pdf).

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Reducing environmental impact pillars

Greenhouse gases

Water use

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­
gases/)
Taking action on climate change is a

necessity ­ but it’s also a chance to grow

our business by responding to

opportunities across our value chain.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­
gases/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­use/)
We’re addressing the challenge of water

scarcity holistically, so consumers can

enjoy our products and our business can

thrive in a water­constrained world.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­use/)

Waste & packaging

Sustainable sourcing

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­and­
packaging/)
Every minute, the equivalent of one

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)
Growing for the future – sustainable

rubbish truck of plastic leaks into

sourcing has never been more

streams and rivers, ultimately ending up

important.

in the ocean. We want to move towards

a more circular economy, so that more

plastic has the best possible chance to

be reused or recycled.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­and­
packaging/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)

Other areas of focus

Eco-efficiency in
manufacturing

Natural capital

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/)
We want to make our manufacturing as

efficient as possible – using fewer

resources and generating less waste.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/natural­
capital/)
We rely on nature for many of the

ingredients and raw materials that make

up our products. We are working in

partnership with others to explore how

natural capital can be better integrated

into business decision­making.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/natural­
capital/)

Lifecycle Assessments

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/lifecycle­
assessments/)
Understanding and managing lifecycle

impacts is crucial to achieving our

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/lifecycle­
assessments/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Greenhouse gases 
Droughts, floods, crop failures, disrupted and displaced communities and impacted economies - the 
potential threats posed by climate change are significant and urgent. But while tackling climate 
change presents serious challenges, it also offers enormous opportunities. 

Taking action on climate change is a necessity - but it’s also a chance to grow our business by responding to 
opportunities across our value chain.  

We want to play our part in the global movement to create a low-carbon economy, so we’re increasing our use of 
renewable energy as we move towards becoming carbon positive in our operations by 2030. We’ve also set ourselves a 
science-based target* to halve the greenhouse gas (GHG) impacts of our products across their lifecycle by 2030.** 

The GHG pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) contributes to a number of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs), primarily: Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 7); Climate Action (SDG 13) and Life on Land 
(SDG 15). 

Our strategy 
We want low-carbon to become the new normal, so we’re taking action to reduce GHG emissions 
throughout our value chain. 

READ MORE ABOUT 

Taking action across our value chain, Our approach, Our commitment, Progress to date, Future 
challenges 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Taking action across our value chain 
Following the Paris Agreement, nearly 200 countries are pressing ahead with low-carbon reforms, helping to open 
around $23 trillion in opportunities for climate-smart investments by 2030. The key to transforming the current high-
carbon infrastructure into a low-carbon one, is systems change. The risks presented by climate change cross the 
boundaries between nations, continents, industries and societies. SDG 17 – partnerships for the goals – is critical to 
unlocking progress to the other 16 SDGs. Businesses, governments and citizens all have a role to play but fundamental 
to creating systems change is collaboration, which is why we’re prioritising advocacy and partnerships with others. 

This has led us to work on issues ranging across our entire value chain, from combating deforestation and improving the 
carbon footprint of our agricultural supply chain, to designing more products with a lower GHG impact for people to use 
at home.  

27% of our GHG footprint comes from raw materials for ingredients and packaging. Impacts of climate change on 
agriculture will be different in different parts of the world. An important step in our sustainable sourcing programme will 
be the launch in 2018 of the renewed Sustainable Agriculture Code, which has guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart 
Agriculture.  

In the middle of our value chain are our own factories and sites - the parts of our business over which we have the 
greatest control. We've committed to becoming carbon positive in our operations by 2030. That means 100% of our 
energy will come from renewable sources - and we intend to directly support the generation of more renewable energy 
than we need for our own operations, making the surplus available to the markets and communities in which we operate. 

Technology and innovation are playing a critical part in addressing climate change - and in opening up the opportunities 
for business that a low-carbon economy will bring. Over 60% of our GHG footprint occurs when consumers use our 
products in their homes. To reduce this, we’re using our knowledge and resources in innovation, and Research and 
Development, to bring people products they enjoy but which come with lower GHG impacts. 

The Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 

A growing number of investors demand more information on how companies are addressing the effects of climate 
change, and we recognise the importance of disclosing climate-related risks and opportunities. Adopting the TCFD 
recommendations is an important step forward in enabling market forces to drive efficient allocation of capital and 
support a smooth transition to a low-carbon economy.  

Within the scope of our business, climate change touches everything we do, and a wide range of our USLP activities 
address it. We’ve integrated climate-related disclosures throughout our Annual Report and Accounts 2017 and within the 
Reducing Environmental Impact sections - Greenhouse Gas, Water, Waste, and Sustainable Sourcing – of our 
Sustainable Living Report 2017. 

Our approach 
Our pillar commitment is to halve the GHG impact of our products across their lifecycle by 2030. This commitment is a 
science-based target, which is in turn supported by our carbon positive science-based targets. These are defined as "in 
line with the level of decarbonisation required to keep the global temperature increase below 2°C compared to pre-
industrial temperatures"*** - which underpins the Paris Agreement. 

To understand the financial risks that climate change could have on our business, we’ve performed a high-level 
assessment of the impact of 2°C and 4°C global warming scenarios in 2030. We’ve identified the material impacts on 
Unilever’s business from each of these scenarios, based on existing internal and external data. We are taking action to 
address our climate change risks in line with the output from the scenario analysis, as well as benefiting from any 
opportunities these changes could present across our value chain.  

The main impacts of the 2°C scenario: 

•  Carbon pricing is introduced in key countries and hence there are increases in both manufacturing costs and the 

costs of raw materials such as dairy ingredients and the metals used in packaging. 

•  Zero net deforestation requirements are introduced and a shift to sustainable agriculture puts pressure on 

agricultural production, raising the price of certain raw materials. 

The main impacts of the 4°C scenario: 

•  Chronic and acute water stress reduces agricultural productivity in some regions, raising prices of raw materials. 
• 
Increased frequency of extreme weather (storms and floods) causes increased incidence of disruption to our 
manufacturing and distribution networks. 

•  Temperature increase and extreme weather events reduce economic activity and gross domestic product (GDP) 

growth, hence sales levels fall. 

The results of the scenarios analysis confirm the importance of doing further work to ensure that we understand the 
critical dependencies between climate change and our business. And ensure we have action plans in place to help 
mitigate these risks and prepare the business for the future environment in which we will operate.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To tackle climate change, we've adopted a combined approach of making changes to our own business - aimed at 
reducing the emissions over which we have most control - while joining collective efforts and advocacy to help achieve 
the wider systems changes needed to create a low-carbon world. Our work includes: 

•  Our Climate Smart Agriculture programme, aimed at helping the farmers and businesses in our supply chain 

reduce their GHG emissions 

•  Our carbon positive targets, which including using 100% renewable energy in our operations by 2030 
•  Using internal carbon pricing mechanisms to drive change in our business 
•  Collective action to eliminate deforestation from global supply chains 
•  Switching to energy efficient ice cream freezers 
•  Designing products with lower GHG impacts. 

Our commitment 
We will halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030.** 

In addition, in our own operations, we will become carbon positive by 2030 by eliminating fossil fuels from our energy 
mix and switching to 100% renewable energy. We also intend to directly support the generation of more renewable 
energy than we consume, making the surplus available to the markets and communities where we operate. 

Progress to date 
We've cut CO2 from energy by 47%† per tonne of production in our operations and continued to develop products with a 
lower GHG impact, however the GHG impact of our products across their full lifecycle has increased by around 9%† 
since 2010.**  

Underlying sales growth over the same period was 33.1%, so it is encouraging to see that we are decoupling our value 
chain GHG impacts from our business growth. The increase in GHG emissions per consumer use is mainly driven by our 
Personal Care business which has expanded in hair and shower products via acquisitions.   

Future challenges 
The momentum behind climate action is continuing to grow. More investors are factoring carbon resilience into their 
decisions. And according to research we conducted in 2016, consumers are increasingly looking for sustainable 
companies and products. We believe the transition to a lower-carbon model for economies and societies can be made - 
but there's no doubt challenges remain. 

The amount of available renewable energy is increasing, and the costs are falling rapidly. But, much of the world's 
infrastructure remains reliant on fossil fuels. For example, that means that the electricity used to heat water, including the 
hot water used by our consumers, significantly contributes to GHG emissions.   

To reach our 2030 commitment of halving the GHG impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030, we’re dependent 
on a wide range of external factors, such as the energy efficiency of consumer appliances, and the carbon intensity of 
the energy supplied to people’s homes – as well as consumer behaviour. 

We believe that carbon pricing is a fundamental part of the global response to climate change and without it, the world is 
unlikely to meet its GHG reduction targets. We have publicly supported calls for carbon pricing and are a member of the 
UN Global Compact’s (UNGC’s) Caring for Climate Campaign and The Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition, hosted by 
the World Bank. We have implemented the UNGC’s Business Leadership Criteria on Carbon Pricing and in 2018, we 
increased our internal price of carbon to €40 per tonne. 

*Two of our targets were approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) in 2017. We set our first science-based target in 2010, to halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the 
lifecycle by 2030.  The second science-based target was introduced in 2015, aiming to source 100% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2030.   

**Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. 

***As described in the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC AR5).  

†Independently assured by PwC 

Taking action 

As well as taking action in our factories, distribution channels and with our 

suppliers, we are developing innovations that produce less GHG and help 

consumers to reduce their own impact. We are also committed to 

eliminating the deforestation associated with commodity supply chains. 

 
 
 
 
 
Our  greenhouse  gas     footprint 

Protecting our forests 

How we’re becoming carbon positive in our operations    Reducing transport emissions 

Climate-friendly freezers  

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Targets & performance 
We have an ambitious commitment to halve the greenhouse gases (GHG) 
associated with the consumer use of our products in our value chain. 

Greenhouse gases 

OUR COMMITMENT 

Halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030.* 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, our greenhouse gas impact per consumer use increased by around 9%† since 
2010.* 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 

In 2017, our factory sites reduced CO2 emissions from energy by 47%† per tonne of 
production compared to 2008.  We have also increased our use of renewable energy within 
our manufacturing; in 2017, this increased to 33.6% compared to 15.8% in 2008. Additionally, 
65% of all grid electricity used in our manufacturing operations was generated from renewable 
resources. 

Since we launched our Plan in 2010, we have learned a lot about the areas we can influence 
and those we cannot, and which areas need wider action from other players. For example, this 
includes the shift in the energy grids towards more renewable sources takes time, but are 
moving in the right direction, which will contribute positively to halving the GHG impact of our 
products by 2030.  

To play our role in this, we have also set targets to become ‘carbon positive’ in our operations 
by 2030. This includes sourcing 100% of our total energy from renewable sources by 2030 
and extends to making surplus renewable energy available to the markets and communities 
where we operate. 

However, the GHG impact of our products has risen by 9% since 2010.* Underlying sales 
growth over the same period was 33.1%, so it is encouraging to see that we are decoupling 
our value chain GHG impacts from our business growth. 

The increase in GHG emissions per consumer use is mainly driven by our Personal Care 
business which has expanded in hair and shower products via acquisitions. Over 60% of our 
value chain GHG footprint comes from consumer use, primarily from heated water for 
showering, which is more difficult to influence. 

*Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. 

† Independently assured by PwC 

Achieved  4 

 On-Plan 7 

  Off-Plan  1 

% of target achieved 0 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme 
across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Become carbon positive in manufacturing 

•  By 2020 CO2 emissions from energy 
from our factories will be at or below 
2008 levels despite significantly 
higher volumes. 

This represents a reduction of around 
40% per tonne of production. 

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 
63% reduction per tonne of production 
and a 43% absolute reduction. 

 fewer tonnes of CO2 from 

1,218,554
energy in 2017 than in 2008 (a reduction 
of 47%† per tonne of production). 

†

Compared to 1995, this represents a 69% 
reduction in absolute terms. 

We will become carbon positive in our manufacturing by 2030: 

•  We will source 100% of our energy 
across our operations** from 
renewable sources by 2030. 

In 2017, 33.6% of our total energy use in 
our manufacturing operations was 
generated from renewable resources, 
compared to 15.8% in 2008. 

•  We will source all our electricity 
purchased from the grid from 
renewable sources by 2020. 

•  We will eliminate coal from our 

energy mix by 2020. 

• 

In order to achieve our target of 
carbon positive by 2030, we intend 
to directly support the generation of 
more renewable energy than we 
consume and make the surplus 
available to the markets and 
communities in which we operate. 

•  All newly built factories will aim to 
have less than half the impact of 
those in our 2008 baseline. 

In 2017, 65% of all grid electricity used in 
our manufacturing operations was 
generated from renewable resources. 

In 2017, 1.1 million GJ of the energy used 
in our manufacturing was generated from 
coal. During the year, 16 of our 
manufacturing sites used energy 
generated from coal. By the end of 2017, 
this was reduced to 12 sites. 

In 2017 we continued to develop our 
methodology and will report on our target 
progress in our 2018 Sustainable Living 
Report. 

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India 
and Iran started production in 2017. When 
fully operational each aims to achieve only 
half the emissions of CO2 from energy 
compared to a representative 2008 
baseline. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR PERSPECTIVE 

In 2017, our factory sites reduced CO2 emissions from energy by 8.1% per tonne of production 
compared to 2016 and 47%† per tonne of production compared to 2008, despite having 
achieved our target four years ahead of schedule in 2016. 1,218,554
CO2 from energy were produced in 2017 compared to our 2008 baseline. We continued to 
reduce energy use by 2.8% per tonne of production in 2017 and by 26% since 2008. 

 fewer tonnes of 

†

In 2015 we announced our carbon positive ambition. This supersedes our previous target of 
sourcing 40% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2020. By the 
end of 2017, 109 manufacturing sites in 36 countries across all continents purchased 100% of 
their grid electricity from verified renewable sources. In 2017 we met 33.6% of our global 
energy needs from renewable sources. 

† Independently assured by PwC 

How we’re becoming carbon positive in our operations  

Reduce greenhouse gas emissions from washing clothes 

Reformulating our products to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions by 15% by 
2012. 

Over 95% (by volume) of our laundry 
powders in our top 14 countries have been 
reformulated, achieving a reduction of 
15% in greenhouse gas emissions by end 
2012. 

We continue to reformulate by optimising 
raw material usage in powders and 
capsules and optimising our 
manufacturing. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 

Liquid laundry detergents have a lower greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint than powders. We are 
driving market development through liquids: we grow faster in liquids wherever powders, bars 
and liquids are present. 

Many of our liquids are now sold in concentrated form which reduces GHG emissions. They 
also provide great cleaning performance at lower temperatures. We are also increasing the 
number of unit dose washes which mean consumers cannot over or under dose. 

We continue to lead the industry in developing lower impact powders by removing or reducing 
phosphate and zeolite – key components with high GHG impact. We have eliminated 
phosphates in 100% of our machine dishwash products and reached a 95% reduction in the 
global use of phosphates across our laundry powders, resulting in lower CO2 emissions of up 
to 50% per single consumer use. We’re continuing to investigate technologies that could lead 
to zero-phosphate products in the future.   

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases 

Reduce greenhouse gas emissions from transport 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
emissions from our global 
By 2020, CO2
logistics network will be at or below 2010 
levels despite significantly higher 
volumes. This will represent a 40% 
improvement in CO2

efficiency. 

We will achieve this by reducing truck 
mileage; using lower emission vehicles; 
employing alternative transport such as 
rail or ship; and improving the energy 
efficiency of our warehouses. 

efficiency since 
31% improvement in CO2
2010. 6% improvement in CO2
efficiency 
and a 4% decrease in absolute terms in 
2017 compared to 2016.1 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
In 2017, we achieved a 31% improvement in CO2 efficiency since 2010. We have made steady 
progress, with some of our market clusters achieving their highest ever improvement in CO2 
efficiency. 

Meeting our 2020 target remains ambitious, but we are determined to achieve it by continuing 
to build on the strong foundations we have in place. Through innovation and developing 
bottom-up carbon reduction projects, we will share best practices to ensure we build efficiency 
into our transportation logistics. 

We are increasingly using non-road forms of transport such as rail and sea to move goods. 
For journeys still undertaken by road, we are exploring technologies such as liquefied natural 
gas (LNG) as an alternative fuel, electric vehicles, thermal blanket technology for temperature 
controlled trucks and hydrogen technologies. We are working with our partners to accelerate 
the adoption of the above technologies.  

1 Cumulative improvement since 2010 is measured across our top 14 countries; annual improvement is measured in more than 50 countries. 

Reducing transport emissions 

Reduce greenhouse gas emissions from refrigeration 

As the world’s largest producer of ice 
cream, we will accelerate our roll-out of 
freezer cabinets that use climate-friendly 
natural (hydrocarbon) refrigerants. When 
we launched our Plan in November 2010 
we had already purchased 450,000 units 
with the new refrigerant. 

•  We will purchase a further 850,000 

units by 2015. 

In 2013 we exceeded our target of 
purchasing 850,000 climate-friendly 
freezers, reaching a total of around 1.5 
million. 

In 2017 our total increased to around 2.6 
million hydrocarbon freezers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR PERSPECTIVE 
The climate-friendly hydrocarbon (HC) refrigerants we use in our freezers have a substantially 
lower global warming potential compared to previously used hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), 
which have a global warming impact thousands of times greater than the equivalent amount of 
carbon dioxide. The refrigerant change alone makes our freezers around 10% more energy 
efficient. By the end of 2017, we had purchased around 2.6 million freezers using natural 
refrigerants. 

We are continuing to roll out climate-friendly HC freezers and make our freezers more energy 
efficient. In 2017, our purchased freezers were 50% more energy efficient compared to our 
2008 baseline, with the most energy efficient models going even further. We are working on 
innovations to make more improvements in freezer energy efficiency, including piloting the use 
solar panels to power our cabinets. 

Climate-friendly freezers 

Reduce energy consumption in our offices 

By 2020 we will halve the energy (kWh) 
purchased per occupant for the offices in 
our top 21 countries versus 2010. 

30% reduction in energy (kWh) purchased 
per occupant since 2010. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have set a challenging 2020 target to reduce energy purchased per occupant at our in-
scope sites. In 2017 we saw a slight increase in the overall energy purchased and a fall in the 
number of occupants at our in-scope sites. We have continued to work on energy efficiency 
programmes at our sites and many have become more efficient in 2017.  

But we're challenged by the energy demand of our data centres and our Research and 
Development (R&D) sites, which make up around half our energy purchased. In 2017, we 
reduced the total energy consumption of both data centres by 7%, but increased demand on 
other sites have pushed the reduction percentage per occupant over the 2016 figure. R&D 
sites run pilot plant experiments, which are more similar to factory operations, and the energy 
demand for these processes are not linked to occupancy. 

We have continued to save energy through using our PC power management tool. We’re 
continuing to focus on the optimisation of our building management systems and the roll out of 
LED lighting across a number of our offices, to reduce our energy consumption.  

We’re also looking at the carbon impact of our energy purchasing decisions. In 2017, 42% of 
our in-scope sites purchased certified renewable electricity. Additionally, our offices in central 
London and Surrey became carbon neutral through the purchase of certified renewable gas. 
Although it’s challenging to reduce energy purchased per occupant, we’re continuing to reduce 
the GHG impact of our offices. 

Reducing office impacts 

 
 
 
 
 
Reduce employee travel 

We are investing in advanced video 
conferencing facilities to make 
communication easier while reducing 
travel for our employees. By 2011 this 
network will cover more than 30 
countries. 

54 countries were covered by end 2011. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have continued to invest in implementing Skype for Business as well as advanced video 
facilities to reduce our travel footprint.  

Our advanced video conferencing system, Video Presence, is used for over 950 meetings a 
month across Unilever offices worldwide. We have video conferencing facilities in 90 
countries. This is substantially reducing our need to travel to meetings, and our carbon 
emissions. It delivers clear benefits such as cost and time savings for the business and cuts 
down on tiring travel for our employees. 

To further reduce our GHG employee travel impacts, we have introduced messages on the 
benefits of using Video Presence when employees use our travel booking system to book 
flights. This encourages employees to travel only when necessary. 

 
 
 
                                             
 
 
 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Our greenhouse gas footprint
The most meaningful way to measure the greenhouse gas (GHG) impact of

our business is to look across the whole lifecycle of our products. Accurate

measurement and transparent reporting of our GHG footprint helps us

adapt our strategy, set ambitious targets, and assess our progress towards

our 2030 halving commitment.

Why do we measure our GHG footprint?
What is the real GHG impact of a business like ours? For many years businesses

thought about this question in terms of their own factories, where energy use is easiest

to measure and where they had most control.

The direct emissions from our factories are a vital focus for us, and we measure them

carefully ­ but they amount to less than 5% of our total GHG footprint. A much more

meaningful picture of our impact comes from measuring across the value chain: from

raw materials (primary packaging, secondary packaging and ingredients) to

manufacturing, transport, storage at retail and at home, and crucially, consumer use

and disposal, which account for over 60% of our total GHG footprint.

Climate change is a principle risk factor for both our business and society at large. For

example, temperature increases and extreme weather events (storms, floods,

droughts) can drastically raise the cost of raw materials and packaging, which in turn

can affect the affordability of our products. Mitigating climate change starts by reducing

our own environmental impact, which is why we measure our GHG footprint and track

our progress towards halving our GHG impact by 2030.

How do we calculate our GHG footprint?

We've been calculating our GHG footprint across the value chain since 2010,

measuring the emissions associated with the lifecycle of a large group of products that

are representative of all our 12 product sub­divisions (Beverages, Deodorants,

Dressings, Hair Care, Household Care, Ice Cream, Laundry, Oral Care, Savoury,

Spreads and Cooking, Skin Care and Skin Cleansing). Our footprint focuses on 14 key

countries (Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico,

Netherlands, Russia, South Africa, Turkey, UK, and the US), which represent around

60­70% of our sales volume.

We calculate our GHG impact annually, both at an absolute level and ‘per consumer

use’, which is the GHG impact of our consumers making a single cup of tea or doing a

load of laundry. These measurements enable us to see where we are making

improvements and where we still have work to do ­ for example, by innovating new,

more energy­efficient products, or by improving our packaging.

Our 2017 GHG footprint

Our absolute GHG footprint is around 61 million tonnes CO . The GHG emissions of

2

our products are around 46.2g CO e per consumer use. Since 2010, our GHG impact

2

per consumer use continues to edge up and has now increased by around 9%  since

†

*
2010.

Our 2017 footprint shows reductions in GHG emissions from the increased use of

renewable energy in our factories, innovation (e.g. 95% reduction of phosphates from

our laundry powders), and portfolio changes (e.g. the market growth of fast­rinse fabric

conditioner). However, these GHG reductions have been negated by the acquisition of

skin cleansing and hair care brands which sell products with above­average

greenhouse gas impact per consumer use. These products are being used by

consumers while taking heated showers and baths.

Our analysis shows that manufacturing and distribution represent less than 5% of our

total GHG footprint, while consumer use accounts for over 60%. The product sub­

divisions that make the largest contribution to our GHG footprint are those where

consumers need heated water to use our products, for example showering, washing

hair and laundry.

Measured 1 July 2016 ­ 30 June 2017

For more information on reducing GHG emissions in manufacturing, explore our eco­

efficiency in manufacturing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­

efficiency­in­manufacturing/) section.

Assurance of our GHG performance measure

In 2017, PwC have carried out independent assurance of our latest GHG performance

measure for the fourth year. Please see Independent Assurance (/sustainable­

living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/) for more details of our

assurance programme.

*
 Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This

means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Our metrics (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­
reporting/independent­assurance/)



Previous

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases

Next 

Protecting our forests

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Contact us 

 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Protecting our forests
We’re working – both within our business and with others – to eliminate

deforestation from agricultural commodity supply chains like palm oil, tackle

climate change and achieve UN Sustainable Development Goal 15 – Life

on Land.

We have to stop deforestation
Forests are essential to life. They are the lungs of our planet and help to regulate our

climate. And they’re second only to oceans as the largest global store of carbon. Up to

80% of terrestrial biodiversity and more than 1.6 billion people depend on forests for

1
food, medicines and fuel.

When forests are cleared, burned or degraded, they become a source of carbon

emissions. In fact, it’s estimated that deforestation contributes an incredible 15% of all
2

global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.  This is more than the entire global transport

sector. We cannot solve the problem of climate change without eliminating

deforestation.

Most deforestation occurs when forests are cleared to grow palm oil or soy, to raise

cattle or to harvest timber for the paper and pulp industries. Demand for these

commodities is soaring as the global population rises and incomes increase. It’s

predicted that there will be over 9 billion people on the planet by 2050 and 60% more

food will need to be produced.

The international community has set ambitious goals to protect forests. The New York

Declaration on Forests, the UN Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris

Agreement all call for substantial improvements in forest trends by 2020. These

commitments are built on private sector commitments made over the last few years.

Many leading companies have made significant progress in understanding and

mitigating their supply chain impacts. To date, 447 companies have made 760

commitments to reduce or eliminate deforestation from their supply chains. These

constitute a powerful market signal to the rest of the global commodities sector.

Unfortunately, despite these commitments, the planet continues to lose forest at an

unprecedented rate. The loss is driven by both an increase in catastrophic forest fires,

and continued expansion of land for agriculture. These underlying trends are expected

to worsen in the coming decades.

29.7m

51%

hectares of global

tree cover loss in

2016. This

equates to an

area about the

size of New

Zealand.

higher than in

2015.

It’s clear that we must re­double our efforts with urgency and ambition. Both public and

private sector action, and the support of civil society, is needed to enable us to

produce more food, and protect forests and those whose livelihoods depend on them.

We cannot succeed if we do one without the other.

Our goal: zero net deforestation by 2020
In 2010, together with other organisations in our industry, we committed to achieving

 zero net deforestation (PDF | 167KB) (/Images/eliminating­deforestation­position­

statement_tcm244­423148_en.pdf) associated with four commodities (palm oil

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­

the­palm­oil­industry/), soy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­soy­

and­rapeseed­oils/),  paper and board (PDF | 222KB) (/Images/sustainable­wood­

fibre­policy_tcm244­423635_en.pdf) and beef) that are major causes of large­scale

deforestation, no later than 2020.

We’re especially focused on breaking the link between palm oil (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/) production and deforestation. As the world’s largest single buyer of palm oil –

3% of global production each year – we have the scale to make a difference through

our actions. We also buy 1% of all soy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­soy­

and­rapeseed­oils/) produced each year. But equally, this shows the extent of the

change needed to transform these entire supply chain systems.

We’re taking three main steps to eliminate deforestation from agricultural commodity

supply chains and to make sure we maintain affordable access to sustainably

produced supplies of these commodities for the long­term. These are:

Transforming our own supply chains: making sure the palm oil (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­

oil­industry/), soy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­soy­and­rapeseed­

oils/),  paper and board (PDF | 222KB) (/Images/sustainable­wood­fibre­

policy_tcm244­423635_en.pdf), beef and tea we buy is both traceable and certified

as sustainable (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/).

Encouraging the whole industry: it’s possible to stop large­scale deforestation

while increasing food production and improving livelihoods for smallholder farmers

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/) through better agricultural practices.

We’re encouraging the entire industry, including growers, traders, manufacturers

and retailers to set and meet high standards, extending beyond current certification

schemes.

Working with governments and other partners: ensuring that tackling

deforestation gets the political attention and financial resources it needs and

deserves as a critical component of our response to climate change. In particular,

we are focused on helping catalyse transformative change at the landscape or

jurisdictional level in key regions of South­East Asia, South America, and West and

Central Africa; and on ensuring – through our networks and relationships – that

large­scale, performance­based payments for emissions reductions from forests

are available to tropical forest countries.

Creating a movement for change
Deforestation is a complex issue, and one that isn’t going to be solved by companies

acting alone. So, since making our commitment to zero net deforestation, we’ve

increased our work with industry partners, governments and non­governmental

organisations (NGOs), advocating for change across the entire tropical forest

commodities sector. It’s only through the transformation of each commodity’s value

chain and the adoption of sustainable farming practices, that commodity­driven

deforestation is likely to end.

Over 90% of globally traded palm oil is now covered by no­deforestation pledges but

these promises must be turned into action. And that requires transformational systems

change across the palm oil value chain. As a step towards this, in 2015 we joined with

Marks & Spencer and declared our joint intention to prioritise sourcing from countries

or regions that have adequate ‘no­deforestation’ policies in place. This will enable

agricultural production and human development goals to be achieved side by side

while protecting the environment and communities.

We’re focusing now on developing partnerships which demonstrate the success of this

approach, such as our work with  INOBU (http://inobu.org/) – and Indonesian NGO

and the district government of Kotawaringin Barat in Central Kalimantan, to take a

‘village­by­village’ approach to certifying palm oil smallholder farmers (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/).

Part of the challenge of ‘production, protection, inclusion’ approaches is that capital

incentives for transforming forest land into agriculture are very high, while the business

case for preserving forests is weak.

During the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos in January 2017, the

 &Green Fund (http://www.andgreen.fund/) was announced to kick­start investments

in deforestation­free agriculture in countries that are working to reduce deforestation

and peat degradation – with Unilever as the first corporate investor.

The Fund aims to protect over five million hectares of forest and peatlands by 2020, by

de­risking private capital investments into large­scale deforestation­free production,

protection and inclusion initiatives. With a capitalisation goal of $400 million by 2020

and an aim to trigger $1.6 billion in private capital investments, this Fund is an exciting

opportunity to jointly shape solutions to mitigate deforestation.

Working collaboratively

We are members of many multi­stakeholder groups working to halt deforestation.

These include the  Tropical Forest Alliance 2020 (https://www.tfa2020.org/en/) (TFA

2020), which was brought about by the Consumer Goods Forum commitment to

mobilise resources to help its members achieve zero net deforestation by 2020. TFA

2020 includes the governments of both tropical forest and donor/consumer countries,

NGOs, representatives of indigenous people, and businesses spanning the commodity

supply chains.

We are represented on the steering group of the companies behind the  Statement

of Support for the objectives of the Cerrado Manifesto (PDF | 40KB)

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/wp­content/uploads/2017/10/2017­Letter­

of­business­support­for­Cerrado­Manifesto­CGF.pdf). Signatories of this initiative are

committed to working with local and international stakeholders to halve deforestation

and native vegetation loss in the Cerrado.

We also support  Global Forest Watch (http://www.globalforestwatch.org/), a

 World Resources Institute (http://www.wri.org/) initiative that provides an online

forest monitoring and alert system. This empowers people everywhere to get involved

in protecting forests.

1
 World Wildlife Fund:  https://www.worldwildlife.org/threats/deforestation

(https://www.worldwildlife.org/threats/deforestation).

Related links



Global Climate Action (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­
becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/global­climate­
action/)



Previous

Our greenhouse gas footprint

Next 

How we're becoming carbon positive in our operations

 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

How we’re becoming carbon positive in our
operations
Sourcing our energy from 100% renewable sources will make us a more

competitive business and help create a better future where energy is clean,

reliable and affordable for all.

What does carbon positive mean?
We want to play a leading role in the transition to a low carbon economy. That's why, in

2015, we set ourselves the ambition of becoming carbon positive by 2030. Becoming

carbon positive means we will eliminate fossil fuels from our operations ­ and directly

support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume.

Since 2015, we’ve been making progress in investing in clean technologies, increasing

our energy efficiency and in switching to renewable energy sources. In 2017, we

extended the scope of our carbon positive ambition from manufacturing to all

operations, including distribution centres, research laboratories, marketing and sales

offices and data centres.

By becoming carbon positive, we will:

Source all our electricity purchased from the grid from renewable sources by 2020

Source 100% of our energy across all our operations from renewable sources by

2030

Eliminate coal from our energy mix by 2020

Directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume,

making the surplus available to the markets and communities where we operate by

2030.

The Science Based Targets Initiative has validated our carbon positive targets as

meeting the level of decarbonisation (removal of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere)

that is needed to keep the global temperature increase below 2 degrees Celsius

(compared to pre­industrial levels) . Through the action we’re taking to achieve our

1

carbon positive targets, we’re contributing to two UN Sustainable Development Goals

(SDGs): Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 7) and Climate Action (SDG 13).

Building on decades of emission reductions
We announced our carbon positive targets in 2015 ahead of the  Paris Agreement

(http://unfccc.int/paris_agreement/items/9485.php), building on our 20 year track

record of cutting our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. By the end of 2016, we had

cut CO  emissions by 43%  per tonne of production versus our 2008 baseline, which

2

2

meant we had exceeded the target for 2020 we set in our Unilever Sustainable Living

Plan. In 2017, we went further, cutting CO2 emissions by 47%  per tonne of

†

production.

Sharing the benefits of a low carbon economy
We cannot become carbon positive alone, so we're working collaboratively with

partners, suppliers and others to achieve our ambition. Our success partly depends on

broader change in energy markets worldwide, such as the rate of installation of

renewable electricity in many countries ­ and we recognise we have a role to play as

an industry leader to help shape those markets. Our ambition is also a statement of

commitment: to show that businesses can commit to a low carbon economy ­ and that

a low carbon economy is good for business.

Our goal of becoming carbon positive is based on a sound business case.

By becoming carbon positive, we expect to:

lower operational costs

improve resilience in our energy supply

attract investors, who are increasingly considering carbon risk

develop a closer relationship with our consumers.

The Paris Agreement could unlock $13.5 trillion in growth opportunities by 2030, as

nearly 200 countries seek to accelerate their efforts to address climate change. By

helping to build a business model that moves beyond a reliance on fossil fuels, we

hope to benefit from the opportunities that new ways of doing business will create.

“

We’re on the path to decarbonisation – and there’s no

turning back. Not taking action to avoid runaway

climate change would be a moral abdication of our

responsibility to the most vulnerable and to future

generations. But driving the movement towards a low

carbon economy – that’s a huge opportunity, and one

that Unilever must be a part of.

Paul Polman, former CEO

”

Sourcing our energy from renewables
In our operations, we use two forms of energy: heat (thermal) and power (electrical).

We use thermal energy mainly in the form of steam during manufacturing. Electrical

energy is used for a range of purposes, such as lighting and powering machinery. As

part of the action we’re taking to achieve our carbon positive ambition, we’re in the

process of eliminating our use of fossil fuels for generating both heat and power.

In 2014 we were a founding signatory of the RE100 global campaign for influential

businesses to commit to using 100% renewable electricity. We use  RE100’s

definition (http://there100.org/going­100) of renewable electricity, which includes

electricity which has been produced from biomass (including biogas), geothermal,

solar, water and wind sources.

Spotlight

A third of our manufacturing energy comes from renewable
sources

We have a network of environmental managers around the world, who bring

our ambitions to life. By the end of 2017, 33.6% of our total energy use ­

electrical and thermal ­ across our manufacturing operations came from

renewable sources.

Our 2020 target is to use 100% renewable grid electricity, but we also directly

generate electricity on our sites. In 2017, 28 of our manufacturing sites

generated renewable electricity on­site, mostly from solar and hydro power. For

example, in South Asia, many of our sites have open land, which gives us the

opportunity to install on­site solar panels. After successfully installing solar

panels in two sites in Pakistan in 2016, we replicated this at four sites in India in

2017.

When it’s not possible to produce our own renewable electricity, we make direct

purchase agreements with large­scale solar, wind, hydro and geothermal

installations, and with small­scale hydropower schemes. Around 90% of the

electricity used across our factories, distribution centres and offices in Mexico

has been produced from wind power. In the Philippines, we are now sourcing

most of our electricity from a geothermal power plant.

Biomass will play an important role in our transition away from coal and other

fossil fuels. In 2017, 49 of our manufacturing sites used biomass or biogas,

such as agricultural by­products and wood waste. This reduced our annual CO
2

emissions by over 250,000 tonnes.

Our biomass programme continued to expand in 2017, when we started

installation of a new biomass boiler at our Gateway site in Thailand, which will

reduce CO  emissions by over 400 tonnes per year. We also make our own

2

biogas at some sites, including our Burton site in the UK where we convert the

by­product from making Marmite into biogas, which we use in our boilers.

100% renewable grid electricity
By the end of 2017, 109 of our manufacturing sites across 36 countries were using

100% renewable grid electricity. This accounts for 65% of our total grid electricity

consumption and includes manufacturing sites across all continents.

In 2017, ten of our sites in the UK and Ireland used 100% renewable electricity from a

23 turbine strong wind farm in Lochluichart in the Scottish Highlands. With other

businesses and NGOs – including SSE, Greenpeace and the WWF ­ we’re also

advocating for more government investment in offshore wind power in the UK.

Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) play an important role in helping us meet our

target to source all our electricity purchased from the grid from renewable sources by

2020.

RECs account for renewable electricity when it is transferred via the grid. A REC states

that one party has generated renewable electricity and then sold it to another party,

who 'retires' the REC to show they’ve used it. We follow  CDP

(https://www.cdp.net/en/climate) and  RE100’s

(https://www.theclimategroup.org/RE100) climate reporting frameworks, which allow

the use of RECs and ensure that the energy must be generated in the markets where

we use it, but do not allow energy offsetting.

Harnessing the power of renewables

Jorge Acosta, Regional Environmental Manager, Latin America

“As a father, I’m committed to protecting the environment for future generations.

My mantra is ‘small actions, big difference’.

Climate change is a big challenge. The world is seeing an increase in the quantity,

and intensity, of natural disasters – like Hurricanes Irma and Maria which struck

the Caribbean in September 2017, leaving people without power for days. Climate

change is resulting in more of these natural disasters. And, this impacts the

security and reliability of our energy supplies.

Since mid­2016, hydropower has provided 100% of the electricity we need for our

factories in Brazil. Out of our 38 sites in Latin America, 21 are now getting their

electricity from renewable sources. And we expect all locations to achieve this by

the end of 2020, which will lead to a 50% cut in carbon emissions.”

Eliminating coal from our energy mix
Coal is the biggest global source of man­made CO  emissions and the dirtiest fossil

2

fuel ­ and we're committed to eliminating it from our energy mix by 2020.

Coal can either be used directly ­ meaning that coal produces heat or power physically

on our sites ­ or indirectly, which refers to us buying energy generated from coal by a

third party. We’re phasing out both our direct and indirect use of coal through solutions

such as solar energy, wind power, and biomass or biogas.

In 2017, 1.1 million GJ of the energy used at 16 of our manufacturing sites was

generated from coal. By the end of 2017, this was reduced to 12 sites. How we phase

out coal varies by site because of the differences in geography and the resources

available locally. In 2017, for example, our Odense site in Denmark successfully

moved away from using coal to using steam produced from biogas generated at an

adjacent wastewater treatment plant. Overall, this has prevented 55 tonnes CO  from

2

entering the atmosphere each year.

Improving our energy efficiency
While we rapidly seek ways to replace fossil fuel energy sources with renewable

energy, we are also constantly improving our energy efficiency to reduce the amount of

energy we need. By the end of 2017, we had reduced the energy we use in our

factories by 26% per tonne of production since 2008. This reduction has also

contributed to cumulative cost avoidance of over €490 million since 2008.

New factory design plays a significant role in improving energy efficiency and

achieving our GHG emissions targets. In addition to eco­efficient design (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­

manufacturing­sustainability­strategy/) of our production processes, we use Green

Building Council LEED certification rating process for buildings. An example is our new

beauty & personal care factory in Dubai, which opened in 2017. It uses solar energy

generated on­site to provide 16% of the electricity for the site.

Read more about how we're investing for a sustainable future (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­

positive­in­our­operations/investing­for­a­sustainable­future/).

The first step towards carbon positive: becoming
carbon neutral
By the end of 2017, 15 of our sites globally were carbon neutral. This means that these

sites have no net impact on CO  levels in the atmosphere. These sites have used a

2

variety of renewable energy sources to move away from fossil fuels.

For example, since January 2017, our offices in Surrey and London, and our foods and

refreshment factories in Trafford Park and Cork have been powered by 100%

renewable electricity from the grid and 100% biomethane (also known as biogas). The

biomethane – which is fully traceable and certified – is generated from anaerobic

digestion, which converts inedible food waste and sewage into energy.

Funding renewable energy through internal
carbon pricing
Carbon pricing is a fundamental part of tackling climate change, putting a price on the

carbon emissions emitted by a business to ensure it is considered when making

financial decisions.

In July 2016, we introduced an internal carbon levy which now charges our business

divisions €40 per tonne of carbon emitted. Using the levy, we created an internal

‘Clean Technology Fund’ to invest in renewable energy sources on our manufacturing

sites, accelerating the rate at which we’re moving to our 2030 carbon positive targets.

We have used this fund for projects such as installing a biomass boiler in our Tema

factory in Ghana. And in our Cuernavaca site in Mexico, we installed a solar thermal

system to provide hot water in the factory.

A carbon positive vision: will you be a part of it?
Ambitious climate action is possible – and profitable. We want to go beyond

eliminating CO  emissions from our own operations by helping the markets and

2

communities associated with our factories to move to using renewable energy.

The challenges that society faces through climate change means there is a strong

case for government and business investment in new renewable energy technologies,

as well as further research on the sustainable use of biomass. Investment should be

accelerated in existing low­carbon energy production and in deploying new low­carbon

energy technologies, such as wind and solar energy.

In developing countries, we will look to stimulate investment to expand and further

develop the renewable energy industry through partnering with renewable energy

providers.

System­wide change is key to success. If you think you can help us achieve these

targets, please contact us at carbon.positive@unilever.com

(mailto:carbon.positive@unilever.com).

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

1
 We set our first science­based target in 2010, which is our GHG pillar commitment of halving the greenhouse

gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030. Our second science­based target is sourcing 100% of

our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2030. Both have been validated by SBTi.

2
 Independently assured by PwC in 2016:  PwC Assurance Report 2016 (PDF | 208KB) (/Images/pwc­

assurance­report­2016_tcm244­504834_en.pdf).

Photo by Apoorva Singh, Roof of Silvassa Detergent Factory, Silvassa, India.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Eco­efficiency in manufacturing (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/)



Previous

Protecting our forests

Reducing transport emissions

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Greenhouse gases

Investing for a sustainable future
When it comes to energy savings, there's never a point at which we'd say

“enough”. Not only do further efficiencies reduce our GHG impact, they can

also reduce our business costs.

In March 2014, Unilever issued a £250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting

investors to support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit.

The four­and­a­half year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the

first green bond in the sterling market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG

company. Proceeds are being used on projects linked to greenhouse gases, water and

waste targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We worked with independent sustainability service provider DNV GL to develop a

Green Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around

the Environmental and Use of Proceeds criteria. Together these criteria meet the

guidance given in the Green Bond Principles (comprising Voluntary Process

Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds dated 13 January 2014) that there should be a

robust process and disclosure by an issuer to facilitate understanding of the

characteristics of a bond by investors and others in this area.

Projects benefiting from proceeds of the Bond:

a new Home Care powders plant in China

a new laundry liquid plant in South Africa

a new Beauty & Personal Care and Home Care factory in Turkey

a factory extension at our spreads factory in USA

a HFC­free freezer cabinets programme which uses natural hydrocarbon

refrigerants.

Always seeking further energy savings
When it comes to energy savings, there's never a point at which we'd say “enough”.

Not only do further efficiencies reduce our GHG impact on the environment, but they

often also reduce our business costs.

So we're still searching for efficiencies, despite the fact that since 2008 we've reduced
†

CO  emissions from our operations by 47%  per tonne of production ­ and met the

2

target we set in 2010 four years ahead of schedule. And since we set that target our

ambitions have grown. In 2015 we announced our ambition of becoming carbon

positive (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­

were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/) in our operations by 2030 ­ and

energy efficiency and emissions reduction remain critically important.

We have a multi­faceted approach to cutting our energy use and reducing CO
2

emissions across our manufacturing network.

This includes:

Taking a World Class Manufacturing (WCM) approach, which involves energy loss

analysis and focusing on improvement projects, such as how we can use heat

more efficiently to reduce our energy use.

Encouraging our people to adopt small actions such as ensuring lights and

equipment are turned off when they are not in use.

Investing in our employees’ ideas to reduce GHG emissions through our global

‘Small Actions Big Difference fund’.

Replicating eco­efficiency projects, our ‘Proud Practice’ projects, in other factories.

Sharing best practice tips, such as lagging pipes to reduce heat loss, through

‘Simple Solutions’, our eco­efficiency awareness programme.

Running environmental workshops in factories with a large environmental footprint.

Investing in additional monitoring, metering and reporting of energy use at our sites

to track performance and identify further opportunities to reduce energy use.

Ensuring that any equipment being replaced is of the highest eco­efficiency

standard.

Over €490 million of cost avoidance
Reducing energy emissions isn’t just about reducing our environmental impact – it also

makes good business sense. We collect financial information through our

Environmental Performance Reporting system for all manufacturing sites and by each

energy and water type, which enables us to measure the economic benefits of our

eco­efficiency programme (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­

efficiency­in­manufacturing/).

Since 2008, improvements in eco­efficiency have contributed to cumulative cost

avoidance of around €493 million in energy.

Spotlight

Small action ideas to big difference reality

Our Small Actions Big Difference (SABD) fund helps turn the sustainable

business ideas of our employees and factory teams into reality. Ideas are

evaluated according to environmental benefit and financial return and we

expand the best ideas to our factories around the world.

In 2017, we invested €43 million in energy, CO  and water saving projects

2

through our SABD fund. Together the projects will reduce our global CO
2

emissions by 4.4%, global energy use by 3.8% and water use by 3.4%. The

projects will achieve an average payback period of less than two years.

Our successful eco­efficiency projects are known as Proud Practices. We’ve

found that a practice from one factory can often be easily replicated elsewhere.

This helps speed up the delivery of environmental benefits and inspire new

ideas.

Energy - Load per tonne of production (1995-
2017)

n
o

i
t
c
u
d
o
r
p

f

o
e
n
n
o

t
/
J
G

3

2.7

2.4

2.1

1.8

1.5

1.2

0.9

0.6

0.3

0

1
9
9
5

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Key

Year

Load per tonne of production (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Load per tonne of production (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured in 2016 https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/ (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

CO₂ from energy - Load per tonne of production
(1995-2017)

 
 
250

200

150

100

50

0

n
o

i
t
c
u
d
o
r
p

f

o
e
n
n
o

t
/

g
k

1
9
9
5
*

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Key

Year

Load per tonne of production (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Load per tonne of production (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
Our CO₂ from Energy Load has been calculated from source energy data using internationally accepted

conversion factors derived from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured from 2012 onwards. https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/ ( https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

* 1995 baseline for CO₂ from Energy Value revised using current GHG reporting methodology.

Sources of GHG emissions by type (2017)

36.23%

4.64%

6%

3.90%
0.20%

3.99%

0.02%

45.02%

Key

Electricity

Natural gas

Heavy fuel oil

Others (steam, LPG)

Coal

Refrigerants

 
 
 
Light fuel oil

Waste to landfill

Our manufacturing sites use different sources of energy depending on their production

processes and geographical location. The chart below shows our latest GHG

emissions from energy sources used by our manufacturing sites, together with other

site GHG emissions (refrigerant losses, effluent treatment and waste to landfill).

Note: The chart does not include GHG emissions from biogenic materials which are reported separately, in line

with the internationally recognised Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

We did not measure the levels of three other major GHGs because Unilever’s emissions of these are

negligible. These include: nitrous oxide, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.

External recognition
The external recognition we received in 2017 shows that we are moving in the right

direction, and this helps us identify further areas for improvement:

We achieved leadership of the Personal Products Sector in the Dow Jones

Sustainability Index (DJSI), with a score of 89.

For the fourteenth consecutive year, CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project)

recognised our climate change performance. For the seventh consecutive year, we

achieved a Band A performance rating and were listed in the 2017 Climate A List.

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Eco­efficiency in manufacturing (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/)



Previous

Global climate action

Next 


Greenhouse
gases

Reducing office impacts
We’re rethinking the design and management of our offices around the world

to save energy and cut carbon.

Our four steps for cutting office energy
We have offices in 99 countries around the world. We use energy for heating, cooling,

lighting, running our IT infrastructure. Globally, we have around 85,000 workstations

and 5,500 servers. Energy consumption in our offices makes up less than 1% of our

total greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/Our­greenhouse­gas­footprint/) but there are still

opportunities for us to reduce our impact, and we are working to reduce the GHG

impacts of our operations.

We’re focusing on four areas:

1. Design and construction standards: our office design standards ensure that new

locations and fit­outs are both energy efficient and meet our sustainability

requirements. All of our new offices must be certified to the Leadership in Energy

and Environmental Design (LEED) – the most widely used green building rating

system in the world – and reach Silver level or higher.

2. Local improvements: by optimising our heating, ventilation and air conditioning

systems, retrofitting our offices with low energy LED lighting and introducing

automated lighting controls, we can make significant savings at the local level.

We’ve created a global portfolio of energy saving and sustainability initiatives that

can be implemented across our sites. We encourage employees to take actions like

turning off equipment when not in use rather than leaving laptops in sleep mode.

3. Collaboration: we work closely with our landlords, other businesses and non­profit

organisations to share ideas and solutions for reducing office energy use and carbon

emissions.

4. Energy efficient equipment: we’re designing our data centres to use less energy,

selecting more efficient devices and helping employees avoid unnecessary printing.

These improvements can help to make our offices better places to work too. For

example, if we design our offices to maximise the use of natural light, it creates a more

pleasant environment for colleagues while cutting the energy needed for lighting.

From data centres to devices: energy efficiency for
all
Data centres, where the servers used by our IT systems are stored, are big energy

users. With thousands of processes being run simultaneously, they require a lot of

power and generate a lot of heat – so significant energy is used for cooling too.

Our two major global data centres – which are in the UK – host approximately 5,500

servers. Both centres are powered by electricity purchased from 100% renewable

sources and wherever possible, we use fresh air from outside to cool the equipment.

The centres have been designed with energy efficiency in mind. The modular structure

of the centres means we can control the cooling needed for each area individually,

rather than cooling the whole facility. This makes it easier to upgrade our technology

too. In 2017, we reduced the total energy consumption of both data centres by 7%.

We’ve also installed our PC power management tool on more than 98% of our laptops

and desktops, approximately 85,000 devices. This tool automatically shuts down

inactive computers.

6,000,000
kWh

saved in

2017 –

equivalent

to the

energy

use of

1,800

average­

sized UK

homes –

through

shutting

down

inactive

computers

Managing extreme heat impacts in China
When the temperature outside goes up, our energy use can rise too, as we crank up

the air conditioning. 2017 was the hottest year on record for our Shanghai campus in

China, but our site team took action to cut energy use and save money, achieving more

than 20% year­on­year energy savings ­ despite the higher temperatures!

The first step was improving the building management systems – automated lighting,

heating and air conditioning only came on when needed. The office cleaning system

was also reorganised. Now whole floors are cleaned at the same time and shut down

when the cleaners finish their work. The team also introduced a designated area on

campus for employees working outside normal business hours. This means the rest of

the building can be closed, saving yet more energy.

Creating agile working environments
Technology has transformed workplaces and practices – enabling many of us to enjoy

more flexibility in how and where we work. We call this agile working and it has many

benefits for our colleagues and our business.

Our design and construction standards help us create agile workplaces that meet our

changing business needs while integrating sustainability and well­being criteria. Agile

working can be good for employee well­being. Our research shows that it helps attract

and retain talented people, and can improve productivity and collaboration.

Workplaces are designed with a range of non­assigned workstations and work settings

to support different activities and encourage collaboration and productivity. As spaces

are designed around activities, rather than individuals with fixed desks, it means we

don’t need as much office space overall – cutting both our energy use and our costs.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Investing for a sustainable future (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/investing­for­a­sustainable­future/)



How we’re becoming carbon positive in our operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­operations/)



Greenhouse
gases

Global climate action
Climate change is one of the greatest challenges we face, as a society and as a business.

To tackle climate change we need transformational change
Tackling climate change requires transformational changes to the broader systems in which we operate. For this we

need strong government policy that creates the right context for change and business action. It’s critical that

organisations from all sectors work in collaboration, partnering on projects and initiatives to take action.

We’re advocating for policies that advance the goal of the Paris Agreement. That is, limiting global temperature rises

to no more than 2 degrees, and ideally 1.5 degrees, by the end of the century. We’re doing this through ambitious

targets within our own operations and working in partnership with others to scale up action around the world through

multiple private sector groups and coalitions.

Nothing is more powerful than demonstrating to governments that accelerated progress in decarbonising the

economy is actually possible. That is why in the run up to COP21, we announced that we will become carbon

positive in our operations by 2030 (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­

becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/).

We take part in events such as the United Nations intergovernmental climate summits and when possible, advocate

directly to heads of state, ministers and government organisations on the importance of climate action. We support

policies that accelerate change towards a low carbon economy, drive growth and reduce risk.

We work with many other businesses, international institutions and partners. In 2017 our principle partners included:

We Mean Business

We support the advocacy work of the  We Mean Business (https://www.wemeanbusinesscoalition.org/), a

coalition of business groups including the  World Business Council for Sustainable Development

(https://www.wbcsd.org/) (WBCSD),  BSR (https://www.bsr.org/en/),  Ceres (https://www.ceres.org/),  B­Team

(http://www.bteam.org/),  HRH The Prince of Wales’s Corporate Leaders Group

(https://www.corporateleadersgroup.com/),  CDP (https://www.cdp.net/en),  The Climate Group

(https://www.theclimategroup.org/) and supported by other networks. As a  Corporate Advisory Group

(https://www.wemeanbusinesscoalition.org/about/team/) member of We Mean Business, we are helping to engage a

record number of businesses around the world in committing to take action on climate change.

World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

The WBCSD, a CEO­led organisation of nearly 200 companies committed to sustainable business. We’re taking

part in the WBCSD’s  Low Carbon Technology Partnership Initiatives (http://lctpi.wbcsdservers.org/) (LCTPi) to

find business solutions to climate change. If implemented, the LCTPi could contribute 65% of the emissions

reductions needed by 2030.

One such project is LCTPi REScale group looking at how to scale the use of renewable energy. In 2016 we

supported the development of a WBCSD guide to help businesses achieve 100% renewable energy sourcing

through Purchase Power Agreements. In 2017, we participated in the annual LCTPi meeting hosted by the

European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) to build shared understanding of how different energy market

structures can support accelerated roll out of renewable energy technologies.

United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)

We are a member of the UNGC’s Caring for Climate Campaign and we have implemented the UNGC’s Business

Leadership Criteria on Carbon Pricing. We believe that carbon pricing is a fundamental part of the global response

to climate change, and without it, the world is unlikely to meet its GHG reduction targets. We also support the

UNGC’s Guide to Responsible Engagement in Climate Policy, which calls for companies and trade associations to

ensure their lobbying aligns with their public position on climate change.

Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC)

We are a member of  The Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (https://www.carbonpricingleadership.org/), which

is hosted by the World Bank. The CPLC brings together leaders from government, the private sector and civil

society to share experience with implementing carbon pricing and promote effective carbon pricing systems and

policies. In early 2018 we hosted a  CPLC webinar (https://cbey.yale.edu/node/1975) in which we shared our own

approach to internal carbon pricing.

Spotlight

Our view on carbon pricing

A low carbon economy will be better for consumers, businesses, supply chains and society – but getting

there is challenging. Strong policy measures and carbon pricing – applying a cost to each tonne of carbon

emitted, one of the most effective ways to encourage investment in low carbon solutions ­ are needed to

accelerate the transition. The removal of fossil fuel subsidies is also essential, as subsidies act as negative

carbon prices.

Since July 2016, we’ve set our own internal price on carbon: €30 per tonne emitted, increasing to €40 per

tonne in 2018. In 2017, we piloted reducing capital expenditure budgets of each of our global business unit’s

CO  emissions in the previous year. The money saved has created an internal clean technology fund to

2

finance carbon­reducing capital expenditure proposals at our sites. This approach supports our business

strategy to become carbon positive in our operations by 2030 (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/).

Externally, we have consistently advocated in favour of carbon pricing policies. We worked with the World

Bank Group to launch the  Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (https://www.carbonpricingleadership.org/)

in 2016, to advance carbon pricing and the removal of fossil fuel subsidies, and support the research and

advocacy agenda of the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate, which is co­Chaired by Unilever’s

CEO Paul Polman.

The pricing of carbon, as well as the disclosure by companies of climate related risks, is necessary to ensure

the efficient functioning of markets. Internal carbon pricing can help businesses future proof themselves in a

rapidly changing external context.

World Economic Forum (WEF)

The  WEF (https://www.weforum.org/) is an international institution committed to improving the state of the world

through public­private cooperation. Our CEO, Paul Polman, is a member of WEF’s Alliance of CEO Climate

Leaders, which advocates ambitious action on climate change. The group meets annually in Davos to collaborate to

drive action on climate change in their own businesses and networks. In 2017 the group developed a report

highlighting collaborative action being taken on climate change, which was launched at the World Economic Forum

in Davos in January 2018.

The Global Commission on the Economy and Climate

In 2017 Our CEO Paul Polman took over as a co­chair of  The Global Commission on the Economy and Climate

(http://www.newclimateeconomy.net/), after serving as a member since its inception in 2014. The Global

Commission aims to analyse and communicate the economic benefits and costs of climate action and inaction. It

has published extensive research showing that an accelerated transition to a low carbon world can improve the

quality of economic growth, diffusing some of the surrounding myths.

RE100

We’re a member of  RE100 (http://there100.org/), a campaign to encourage organisations to set goals to be

powered by 100% renewable energy. We have engaged by supporting the organisation’s campaigns and

participating in policy focused events in the UK and Brussels.

Powering Past Coal Alliance

Led by the governments of Canada and the UK, the Powering Past Coal Alliance brings together countries and

companies committed to an accelerated phase out of coal as a fuel source in the energy mix. Unilever was the first

company to join the coalition, formally launched at COP23 in Bonn and subsequently relaunched at the One Planet

Summit in Paris on 12 December 2017.

The B-Team

The  B Team (http://bteam.org/), founded and led by global business and civil society leaders, aims to catalyse a

better way of doing business for the well­being of people and the planet by adopting a Plan B for business. In

November 2015, we were one of 22 signatories of the  B­Team letter (http://bteam.org/original­content/net­zero­

goal­is­needed­for­the­world­and­is­good­for­business/) sent to global Heads of State, urging world leaders to set a

long­term goal for net zero emissions by 2050. This goal is broadly aligned with the ambition to limit global

temperatures to 1.5 degrees above pre­industrial levels, cited in the Paris Agreement.

In 2016, the B­Team advocated for corporate boards to play a bigger role in understanding the risks of climate

change and developed a guide to support ‘ Climate Competent Boards (http://bteam.org/announcements/playing­

offence­corporate­boards­as­catalysts­for­climate­action/)’. And in January 2018, the B Team issued a  progress

report for the Net Zero by 2050 Campaign (http://www.bteam.org/announcements/report­launch­progress­towards­

net­zero­by­2050­challenges­trends­teamwork­2/) which contains more information.

HRH The Prince of Wales' Corporate Leaders Group
We are members of the  HRH The Prince of Wales’ Corporate Leaders Group

(http://www.corporateleadersgroup.com/) that advocates climate change solutions with policymakers and

businesses at the EU level and within EU member states.

Spotlight

Climate action in the US

In late 2016, the US Administration announced the intention of the US to withdraw from the Paris Climate

Agreement. Despite this change in position, we remain committed to advocating for legislation to address the

need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the US and elsewhere.

We engage directly with the  Business for Innovative Climate & Energy Policy

(https://www.ceres.org/networks/ceres­policy­network) (BICEP), a project led by the US NGO Ceres. BICEP

advocates for meaningful energy and climate legislation that will enable a rapid transition to a low carbon

economy. Through lobby days and media engagement, we are proud to continue our support for policies

necessary to limit the effects of climate change.

As a proud supporter of the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, we were one of the first companies to sign the

 We Are Still In (https://www.wearestillin.com/us­action­climate­change­irreversible) pledge ­ a public

proclamation in coordination with other businesses, NGOs and state and local leaders in the US, showing we

are committed to doing our part to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement.

We are also a founding member of the  Climate Leadership Council (https://www.clcouncil.org/), The

Climate Leadership Council is an international policy institute founded in collaboration with a broad cross

section of business, opinion and environmental leaders to promote a carbon dividends framework as a cost­

effective, equitable and politically­viable climate solution in the US. At the state and local level, in partnership

with other forward­thinking companies like Google, Facebook, Mars and Nestle, we  regularly advocate

(PDF | 700KB)

(https://www.ceres.org/sites/default/files/Fact%20Sheets%20or%20misc%20files/Policy%20Letter/NV%20RPS%20biz%20sign

for renewable portfolio standards (RPS) and other policies that “green the grid” in support of our carbon

positive by 2030 ambition.

We will also play prominent a role in the  2018 Global Climate Action Summit

(https://globalclimateactionsummit.org/) chaired by California Governor Jerry Brown and Michael Bloomberg.

The Summit will bring together leaders from state and local governments, business, and citizens from around

the world, to demonstrate how the tide has turned in the race against climate change, showcase climate

action taking place around the world, and inspire deeper commitments from each other and from national

governments — in support of the Paris Agreement.

Main photo by Mauricio Jimenez, North America.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



How we’re becoming carbon positive in our own operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­
positive­in­our­operations/)



Previous

Reducing office impacts

Investing for a sustainable future

Next 

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our

in a sustainable future.

headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

      

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Reducing transport emissions
Better routes, more efficient vehicles, alternative fuels. We’re looking at all

the options so we can continue reducing our emissions from transport.

To the moon & back again twice every day

Our logistics network transports our finished goods over 1.5 billion kilometres each

year from our factories to where they’re sold – that’s the equivalent of travelling to the

moon and back twice every day.

Our transport CO  emissions are equal to our emissions from manufacturing. Our

2

transport management team focus on continually increasing the efficiency in the

distribution of our finished products. They explore a range of sustainable transport

options to reduce CO  emissions, cut costs, and get our products to customers on

2

time.

Measured 1 July 2016 ­ 30 June 2017

The transport sector is still heavily reliant on fossil fuels which means that as our

business grows, our CO  emissions from transport are also at risk of increasing. We’ve

2

been working to break this correlation and we’re seeing results. Since 2010, we’ve

achieved a 31% reduction improvement in our CO  efficiency through reducing the

2

overall number of kilometres travelled, avoiding wasted journeys and switching to

greener transport options.

We usually don’t own the vehicles, trains and boats used to transport our raw materials

and finished goods, so we work closely with our suppliers and operators to integrate

sustainability initiatives. We’re also involved in several cross­sector sustainable

transport initiatives aimed at creating change at regional and national levels.

Percentage improvement in CO  efficiency in our global logistics network
since 2010

2

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

1%

7%

11%

18%

23%

23%

28%

31%

How do you design an efficient logistics network?

This starts with selecting the right locations for our distribution centres, to allow

efficient transportation from our factories and to our customers. When using road

transport, we plan each journey to establish the most efficient route, so we can reduce

the number of kilometres travelled and avoid empty trucks on the road.

We pay close attention to how we load each lorry, making sure we use the maximum

space available and/or weight allowed (known as optimising fill rates). To help with

this, we are standardising our pallet sizes and introduced double­decker trailers in

some markets, which can hold more products. Our ‘Big Bang’ project in Europe, for

example, includes a focus on using trucks and pallets efficiently. In 2017, the project

increased truck load fill rates by 2%, meaning more products transported on each

journey and fewer truck journeys overall.

In China, we reviewed the transportation of one of our ice­cream brands. Through

making changes to the pallet size – adding one extra layer – we increased our load fill

by 11%, creating savings of €500,000 as well as reducing our CO  emissions.

2

Technical innovation also has a role in creating a logistics network that’s as efficient as

possible. In the US for example, we use thermal insulated blankets that enable some

temperature sensitive shipments to be transported in normal trailers. The blankets

reduce our energy use by keeping products at the right temperature without

refrigeration, saving a significant amount of CO  compared with traditional

2

temperature­controlled trailers.

Driver behaviour can make a big difference to fuel use on road journeys, so we’re also

piloting an education programme in our LATAM business, focusing on eco­efficient

driving techniques.

Making the switch to rail and sea
We can make big reductions in CO  emissions by switching from road journeys to rail

2

and sea freight, known as intermodal transport. This can often cut costs too.

In 2017, for example, we switched to sea and rail freight for 60% of journeys between

the UK and our Fauverney distribution centre in France, and our Bydgoszcz centre in

Poland. This is reducing CO  emissions by 45% per journey between France and the

2

UK, and 29% between Poland and the UK. In total, this has saved over €200,000. And

in China, transportation by rail increased to 55% in 2017, and several road routes have

been replaced by sea routes.

Where rail or sea routes are not feasible, we’re continuing to optimise how we

transport goods by road. In 2017, for example, we implemented double decking in the

Philippines for both primary and secondary transport, which allowed us to halve the

loading and unloading time and resulted in a 16% load fill improvement, consequently

helping us to reduce our CO  emissions.

2

Spotlight

New technology is cutting carbon - & costs

Every year, US lorries drive 50 billion miles with no cargo, which amounts to
1

28% of the total distance they travel.  This inefficiency adds to CO  emissions

2

and also means loss of potential revenue for drivers.

We’ve been involved in developing a technological solution to this challenge

which is creating positive results for our business and lorry drivers. New Digital

Freight Matching (DFM) technology uses smartphone apps to connect

companies who need to transport goods, with small trucking providers who

have spare capacity. It then automatically arranges, tracks and reports on the

shipment.

By matching goods ready for shipment with available space, DFM can reduce

the number of empty trucks travelling, cutting traffic and ultimately CO
2

emissions. Studies show that this software could reduce ‘empty miles’ travelled

by 10%. In 2017, we extended our pilot from three to 15 countries, and aim to

introduce DFM across all our markets. DFM adds flexibility to our supply chain,

making it easier and quicker to find drivers. It also reduces our costs because

the fees are less than traditional brokerage fees.

Our partnership with DFM providers allows us to jointly shape the future of on­

demand road transport while adding flexibility into our supply chain. It

 benefits lorry drivers (https://www.youtube.com/watch?

v=Sy24GGsQTEY&feature=youtu.be) too, many of whom are small business

owners. It is easier for drivers to find jobs and they get paid more quickly, with

fewer empty loads – improving their livelihoods.

Using alternative fuels to cut CO  emissions
There is great potential for alternative fuels to help us cut CO  emissions from our

2

2

trucks and reduce our costs. We’re conducting alternative fuel trials around the world,

including in the US, Europe, India, Indonesia, Turkey, Argentina, China and Russia.

Liquefied natural gas (LNG) has many advantages compared with diesel: it produces

11% less CO , 95% less particulate matter and often it’s cheaper. Trucks that run on

2

LNG are also quieter – producing 50% less noise pollution. LNG has the potential to

be used as a fuel for long­haul transportation in Europe, however a lack of fuelling

stations is a major obstacle. There is an ongoing collaboration with the EU

Commission to address the environmentally friendly transport solutions on a larger

scale.

In the US, we are using compressed natural gas (CNG) as an alternative to diesel. We

are now running over 50 trucks in this way. Along with CNG, we are also looking at

adopting the electric vehicles for our transportation needs.

Although CNG and LNG have many benefits compared to diesel, they are a good first

step in our goal towards developing a low­carbon road transport network rather than

the long­term solution. We need fuels that will enable us to achieve even bigger cuts in

our CO  emissions. We see CNG and LNG as transition fuels while we explore and

2

develop more sustainable fuel sources, such as hydrogen and biogas. We will

continue to explore these alternatives, and address obstacles to their use such as

gaps in worldwide infrastructure, technology, and the availability of sufficiently powerful

engines.

1
 The Economist:  https://www.economist.com/news/business/21693946­digital­help­hand­fragmented­and­

often­inefficient­industry­appy­trucker (https://www.economist.com/news/business/21693946­digital­help­hand­

fragmented­and­often­inefficient­industry­appy­trucker)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Previous

How we're becoming carbon positive in our operations

Next 

Climate­friendly freezers

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Climate-friendly freezers
We make more ice creams than any other business. We’re leading the way

in deploying natural refrigerant and low­energy freezers to reduce the

greenhouse gas impact of our freezers – and working with others to create

an industry shift.

Why do we need climate-friendly freezers?
Freezers come with a significant climate footprint. Not only do they use energy to run,

many also contain hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) refrigerants – strong man­made

greenhouse gases (GHG). Freezers are designed to keep these refrigerants sealed

inside. But, if they do get released (for example during maintenance or at end of life),

they have a global warming impact thousands of times greater than the equivalent

amount of carbon dioxide.

We’ve been taking action on this issue since 2004, working with our customers,

suppliers, NGOs, governments and other manufacturers. To reduce our GHG impact,

we focus on two areas: cutting the direct emissions from HFCs and reducing indirect

emissions from energy consumption. We purchase freezers that use natural

hydrocarbon refrigerants (HCs) instead of freezers using HFC refrigerants.

2004

2010

2012

2015

2017

First HC

freezers

Over

Over 1.25

450,000 HC

million HC

purchased

freezers

freezers

Over 2.1

million HC

freezers

Around 2.6

million HC

freezers

purchased

purchased

purchased

purchased

2.6 million natural refrigerant freezers and
counting
We pioneered the use of HCs for our freezers in 2004. By the end of 2017, we had

purchased around 2.6 million freezers containing natural refrigerants. Our ice cream

brands, including Wall’s, Algida, Ben & Jerry’s and Kibon, are sold from three million

freezer cabinets in over 45 countries. Through using HCs in our freezers, we’re

contributing to the global shift in the freezer industry towards natural refrigerants.

We’re members of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), which uses its influence to

encourage suppliers to develop natural refrigerant technologies. The combined

influence and reach of the member organisations involved mean that there is huge

potential to change behaviour across industries and governments towards reducing

the GHG impact of freezers. This is essential as the demand for refrigeration is

growing rapidly worldwide.

Energy reductions for our customers
Our freezers use energy to keep our ice cream at the right temperature and in perfect

condition. As well as using freezers with natural refrigerants, we’ve been working for

many years to reduce the energy consumption of our freezers, so they use less

electricity and generate fewer indirect carbon emissions. We partner with freezers

manufacturers to develop and deploy low energy freezers. In 2017, the freezers we

purchased consumed on average 50% less energy per freezer than those purchased

in 2008.

And we’re not stopping there. We’re continuing to work on new technical solutions in

design, insulation and refrigeration systems so we can take our energy reductions

even further. We work closely with our strategic suppliers on developing new solutions

and sustainable practices, and providing them to our customers (retailers). Our

freezers are generally owned and operated by us, but our retail customers pay the

electricity bill. As we improve our freezer energy efficiency, this also reduces running

costs, benefiting our customers.

Freezers on the frontline

Stephen Breen, Research & Development Manager

It’s easy to get motivated about energy reduction and natural refrigerants. I’m an

engineer by training and an environmentalist at heart. Environmental challenges

like climate change cannot be solved by doing things on a small scale. A quantum

shift is needed, and industry has a huge part to play. You can do a lot more

through the power of industry. There are limits to what I can do as an individual,

so I’m lucky that I can make an impact through my job within Unilever.

When I joined Unilever two and a half years ago, a huge amount had already

been achieved – our freezers purchased today use half the energy they did ten

years ago. In some respects that means the job of energy reduction for us in

Research & Development is getting harder and harder – we have to be even

more innovative. The key focus is on ensuring energy efficient freezers are as

cost effective for the business as possible. Renewable energy is also a focus and

it’s been fantastic to see our first solar powered ice cream cabinets being trialled.

A big part of our job is working with suppliers and communicating our

requirements – most innovation comes from collaborating through the supply

chain. By showing suppliers the demand is there, we can help bring these

innovations to the commercial market more quickly. Everything we do is a team

effort, both within Unilever and with suppliers. We couldn’t have achieved the

progress we’ve made without everyone working together.

Innovation and the future
We’re continually innovating and collaborating with freezer manufacturers to further

reduce the energy consumption of the freezers we buy. We’re also exploring the use of

renewable energy to power our freezers and further reduce carbon emissions.

In 2017, we developed and trialled 50 mobile ice cream cabinets fitted with solar

panels in the US and India. These cabinets use just 10% of the electricity of a standard

cabinet. They can work for up to 10 hours using solar power alone and recharge

overnight from the electricity grid. We plan to further trial and develop solar power

freezers in 2018, including for static freezer cabinets.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/innovating­to­reduce­greenhouse­
gases/)



How we’re becoming carbon positive in our operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­
becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/)



Previous

Reducing transport emissions

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases

Next 

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Contact us 

 Greenhouse gases

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases
We are redesigning and innovating products to bring more benefits to

people while cutting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

We're developing lower carbon designs and
innovations

Technology and innovation are playing a critical part in addressing climate change –

and in opening up the opportunities for business that a low carbon economy will bring.

We want to use our expertise in innovation and R&D to bring people products they

enjoy but which come with lower GHG impacts, both in our factories and when they’re

being used. We apply a lifecycle based approach, encompassing the sourcing of raw

materials through to product manufacture, distribution and how consumers use and

dispose of our products.

We annually calculate our GHG footprint (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/Our­greenhouse­gas­footprint/) on around 3000 products

and across 14 countries that are representative of our global product portfolio. The

footprint results, which are available to all our employees, are used as the basis for

assessing projects in our innovation process through our in­house EcoDesign tool. All

our innovation projects are assessed across a number of sustainability areas –

including their GHG impacts and contribution towards our GHG targets within our

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. Project scores are tracked and reviewed by senior

management.

Sustainable innovation and design are also vital to our growth. In January 2017, an

international study by Unilever (/news/press­releases/2017/report­shows­a­third­of­

consumers­prefer­sustainable­brands.html) revealed that a third of consumers (33% of

the 20,000 participants across five countries) are now choosing to buy from brands

they believe are doing social or environmental good. These findings are further

supported by the performance of our Sustainable Living brands – including Dove,

Hellmann’s and Ben & Jerry’s – which have integrated sustainability into their brand

purpose and products.

Spotlight

Permanent innovation – how good ideas can be improved

Innovation should never stop – and when an idea works, we aim to share it

across our business. That’s why our Customer Development team in Argentina

have taken their idea for reducing both GHG emissions and costs and made it

better, and why we're helping other teams around the world share its benefits.

The team's insight came in 2015 when they looked at the cost and

environmental impact of what we call POP – that is, the point­of­purchase

materials used for standing displays and shelves in stores selling our products.

By replacing high­impact polystyrene with recyclable corrugated plastic or

cardboard, the team found they could reduce both our GHG footprint and our

costs.

By the end of 2016, the project had been rolled out to 100% of our customers in

Argentina – a total of 4,000 stores – and had saved nearly 50 tonnes of CO ,
2

as well as nearly €1 million in costs. We've called the project Sustainable

Visibility, and so far we’ve expanded its principles to Bangladesh, Sri Lanka,

Pakistan, Portugal, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and Chile.

But our team in Argentina didn’t stop there. In 2017, they worked with a local

supplier to develop an innovative new material made from eucalyptus wood:

Euca Plack, which is 100% renewable, recyclable and biodegradable. No

logging is involved; Euca Plack is made from branches that are pruned or fall

naturally from the trees. In September 2017, the team began using Euca Plack

to replace the MDF previously used in our POP materials in Argentina. The

team aims to reduce the associated GHG emissions by around 90% while

reducing costs by around 50% once the replacement process is complete.

Seventh Generation
We’re also widening our portfolio as another way of investing in innovations to reduce

GHG impact, including saving energy and water.

For more than 25 years, Seventh Generation has been formulating products that make

a difference for consumers, which are also designed with environmental and human

health in mind, demonstrating that business can serve society and the planet, as well

as make a profit.

Realising that consumers were concerned about the flammability of aerosols, the

Seventh Generation team developed a new line of disinfectant sprays which are

propelled by compressed air and are non­flammable. The sprays contain a botanical

disinfectant made from essential oils. After using the sprays, which kills 99.99% of

household germs, consumers don’t need to rinse surfaces. This innovation has

achieved over 10% market share since being launched.

Innovations in laundry through Persil Powergems
In 2017, we launched our latest laundry innovation – Powergems. A brand new kind of

premium detergent that’s neither a liquid nor a powder. Twice as concentrated as

laundry powder and using 100% active ingredients, Powergems offer a new format

with the triple power to clean, freshen and care for clothes with one product.

The innovation has the potential for significant environmental benefits. The highly

concentrated product formulation means that packaging is up to 30% lighter than

traditionally used for laundry detergent plastic bottles or cartons, and the formula

contains less chemicals. The unique bottle design – co­created with consumers ­

allows us to fit 40% more products on a pallet, which means we can reduce the

number of trucks on the road by up to 800 per year, in turn cutting GHG emissions by

75 tonnes.

Cleaner clothes, smaller footprint
Compacted powders, liquid detergents, better concentrated liquids, refill containers

that reduce plastic waste – our laundry brands have produced a strong track record of

innovation to reduce GHG emissions while maintaining performance.

Our concentrated liquid laundry detergents, such as Persil, Omo and Surf Small &

Mighty, enable consumers to wash clothes at lower temperatures, reducing GHG by up

to 50% per load. Concentrated detergents mean that we can fit doses for more washes

in smaller bottles, and so fewer raw materials are needed and more products can fit

onto pallets, reducing transport costs. Innovations such as semi­concentrated liquid

products help consumers who find it hard to change their dosage behaviour.

Alongside our work on liquid detergents, we continue to lead the industry in developing

lower­impact powders by removing or reducing phosphate and zeolite – key

components with high GHG impact. By the end of 2017, we had reached a 95%

reduction in the global use of phosphates across our laundry powders. And we

eliminated phosphates in 100% of our machine dishwash products. Our phosphate

reduction has resulted in lower CO  emissions by up to 50% per single consumer use.

2

We’re continuing to investigate technologies that could lead to zero­phosphate

products in the future.

Reducing emissions alongside costs through
concentrates
Fabric conditioners are also a large part of our laundry business, and over 51% of our

fabric conditioners are now in concentrate form. In 2015, we launched our ultra­

concentrated Comfort Intense fabric conditioner range in the UK, Ireland, the

Netherlands and France. This requires less than half a regular dose of other products,

meaning we can fit more washes into smaller bottles, further reducing GHG emissions,

as less raw materials are needed, and reducing packaging and transport costs.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Lifecycle assessments (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/lifecycle­assessments/)



Previous

Climate­friendly freezers

Our greenhouse gas footprint

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Greenhouse
gases

Helping people to reduce emissions
Consumer behaviour is a vital part of addressing climate change – so we’re

creating opportunities for people to reduce their emissions by providing

innovative products.

Creating opportunities to cut emissions
If we can offer people products they want to buy while also helping them to cut their

emissions, we have a 'win–win' situation: growing our market share while reducing our

overall GHG footprint. And the potential is huge: two thirds of our total GHG footprint

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/Our­

greenhouse­gas­footprint/) is caused by consumers heating water to wash or clean

clothes using our products.

Encouraging people to change their habits is challenging, but it’s an important

opportunity to reduce GHG emissions, especially when supported by innovation and

better product design.

We’re reaching people in three main ways:

Developing new products, such as dry shampoos or ‘quick wash’ laundry

detergents, which change how people use products

Communicating better habits to consumers on product packs, in stores and online;

and

Working with retailers, industry bodies and other partners to inspire people to take

small actions that make a big difference.

WaterSavers: children leading the way on energy
use
If we don’t take action against climate change, the impacts will be felt by future

generations as well as our own. So who better to lead the way on changing behaviour

than children?

Our WaterSavers initiative works with schools and football/soccer clubs, partnering

with businesses and NGOs in the Netherlands to build awareness among young

people of how changing behaviour – in particular, taking shorter showers – can make a

real difference to GHG emissions.

WaterSavers has reached over 83,000 children in over 1,100 schools since it began in

2013. The initiative provides students with the information they need to encourage

those around them to take five­minute showers, using our  Five Levers for Change

(PDF | 4MB) (/Images/slp_5­levers­for­change_tcm244­414399_en.pdf) behaviour

change methodology to tackle long­term habits. Following our partnership with Young

Crowds, specialists in educational content, an additional 890 school classes signed up

for the 2017–2018 WaterSavers school programme. In 2017, our WaterSavers

programme won the European AIM Nudging for Good Excellence Award.

On National WaterSavers Day, 3 November 2017, we announced that we had reached

over 430,000 people so far with our Deal of 5 Billion, which aims to get 600,000 people

to pledge to take five minutes or less in the shower, a commitment which would

translate into saving 5 billion litres of hot water. In 2017 we extended our target to

saving 10 billion litres of hot water.

Nonetheless, we know measuring behaviour change can be difficult, particularly in the

long term. To help us capture the true long­term impact of the programme, we’re

collaborating with university behaviour science departments to develop more robust

methods of measuring behaviour change. And while we cannot link it directly to

WaterSavers, we're encouraged that the most recent three year water usage study of

the Dutch water sector organisation, Vewin, shows an 8% decrease in average shower

times in the Netherlands, from 9.1 minutes to 8.4 minutes. Although there’s still a long

way to go, it’s clear that progress can be made.

Breakthroughs that help people cut their GHG
impacts
Our  compressed deodorants (http://www.compresseddeodorants.com/) for our

Sure, Dove and Vaseline brands are a breakthrough innovation. Launched in 2013,

they offer people the same deodorant protection but with 50% less gas and 25% less

packaging, cutting the carbon footprint per can by approximately 25%. We have invited

all manufacturers to use compressed technology in their own aerosols and have

provided a detailed ‘how to’ guide to help them.

Our dry shampoos are another of our innovations that help people cut their GHG

emissions. Compared to washing hair with shampoo in heated water, using dry

shampoo reduces GHG emissions by approximately 85%. It allows women to refresh

hair between washes, saving time and extending the period that their style lasts.

The market for dry shampoos is also growing. In 2017, we sold our dry shampoos in

ten countries under nine brands, including Dove, TRESemmé, Suave, TiGi, Sunsilk

and VO5.

Persil encourages consumers to use quicker
wash
Helping people to adopt laundry habits that cut their GHG emissions, such as correct

dosing, washing at 30 degrees, washing a full load and using shorter wash cycles, can

make a big difference. In Europe alone, if all 26 billion washes made by people each

year moved from a two­hour standard cycle to a 30 minute wash, it would save 40

billion hours of machine time, reducing energy use by around 30%.

Most washing machines in Europe and Turkey now offer a more energy efficient quick

wash cycle, as well as a lower temperature option. In 2009, we launched Persil Small

& Mighty, which guarantees faster stain removal and impeccable cleaning when using

the quicker wash option.

The brand has been encouraging consumers to shorten their washing machine cycles

and has found that the number of consumers using quick cycles has increased, along

with an understanding of the environmental benefits. In 2014 in the UK, for example,

one in four consumers claimed to use a quick wash, and six in ten claimed to apply

energy saving economy or quick wash settings.

Working with retailers to encourage change
One of our best opportunities to encourage people to switch to products that have a

lower environmental impact is when they are shopping. Providing people with

information on the environmental impact of products helps them make more informed

decisions about what they buy.

For example, in partnership with leading retailer Walmart, we have our ongoing

initiative, ‘Sumate al EcoLavado’ (Join us at Ecowash), in Argentina.The partnership

aims to educate consumers on the environmental benefits of products from our Skip

and Omo brands, which clean well at lower temperatures and require shorter wash

cycles to help people to cut their energy use.

A leading role in industry bodies
We take a leadership role in industry programmes to influence consumer behaviour.

For example, we work with the International Association for Soaps, Detergents and

Maintenance Products (AISE) – the detergents industry representative body. We

support their Cleanright initiative (formerly Washright), which provides sustainability

advice for household cleaning products. And in 2017, we signed up to PREP­L2

(Second AISE Product Resource Efficiency Project for Laundry Liquid Detergents),

which aims both to reduce the environmental impact of laundry detergents and to

encourage consumers to use them more sustainably.

We support AISE’s Charter for Sustainable Cleaning, which requires annual reporting

on key sustainability performance indicators. It also certifies products that meet

specific sustainability criteria across the industry. Since 2013, we have also supported

AISE’s ‘I prefer 30°’ campaign in the UK, Denmark France, and Belgium.

Alongside this work, we are also contributing to the Product Environmental Footprint

project of the EU Commission, which aims to provide consumers with relevant

environmental information about products based on their full life­cycle.

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Water use 
Water scarcity is a huge problem for people, society and business. 

Water is critical for the planet, its ecosystems and its inhabitants to survive and thrive. At a human level it is essential for 
life, and at an economic level, it is a central fuel for the global economy. Unilever is no different. Water is critical for the 
manufacture and use of our products. Constraints on the quality and quantity of the water available limits our ability to 
operate effectively and meet the needs of our consumers.  

2.8 billion people around the world are experiencing poor access to water. And this number is estimated to increase 
significantly, with the Water Resources Group estimating that 25% of the total water demand in 2030 will not be met. 
Household water scarcity is becoming a major issue in fast-growing cities in developing countries where infrastructure 
has not kept pace with the growth in population and income. Climate change, urbanisation, population growth and a 
growing middle class have combined to create a global water crisis – characterised by droughts, floods and localised 
shortages such as recently experienced in Cape Town.  

Tackling this challenge requires collective action from companies, governments, non-governmental organisations 
(NGOs) and consumers. Here, the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 6 (SDG 6) provides a common 
framework for achieving sustainable water access for all by 2030. We believe that a world with water for all is a critical 
platform for achieving the rest of the Sustainable Development Goals. 

The water pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) contributes to a number of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs), primarily: Clean water and sanitation (SDG 6); Decent work and economic growth (SDG 8); 
Industry, innovation and infrastructure (SDG 9); Responsible consumption and production (SDG 12); Climate action 
(SDG 13); and Partnerships for the goals (SDG 17). 

 
 
 
Our strategy 
We’re addressing the challenge of water scarcity holistically, so consumers can continue to enjoy 
our products and we can enable our business to thrive in a water-constrained world. 

The business case 
The Home Care and Beauty and Personal Care product categories in which we operate consume more than 90% of the 
water used at home, from washing dishes to washing hair, skin and clothes. As a result, people experiencing water 
scarcity are making trade-offs about how they will use their ration of water. In turn, this limits the growth of our products. 

We also know that when droughts strike, agricultural prices often increase, and an energy crisis often follows as water is 
a critical ingredient in energy production. This drives up prices, creating a triple hit on our business. 

Our approach 
Water systems are hugely complex and interconnected. For example, what impacts suppliers can impact the availability 
of raw materials to our business and ultimately, impact our consumers. We have set out a global water strategy to both 
safeguard our ability to operate and help contribute to SDG 6.  

Water is essential for people to enjoy our products. With limited water, we struggle to wash our hands, our clothes, our 
bathrooms or make a refreshing cup of tea. This is reflected in our water footprint; over 99% of our water use occurs 
when consumers use our products, particularly when doing laundry, washing hair, showering or bathing. 

So our Research and Development teams are focusing on developing products that provide the same performance with 
less water, poor quality water or no water at all. We’re also working with our suppliers to reduce the water used to grow 
our crops, and we’re reducing water use in our own factories across the world.  

The actions of one user in a watershed can determine the water supply for everyone else. If the water system in which 
we operate - whether we’re growing tea, manufacturing our products or selling to consumers - depletes in quality or 
quantity, our business is at risk. Because of this, in areas where there are higher water risks, or we own agricultural 
sites, we’re building our water efficiency efforts through engaging with local communities and taking collective action with 
others to contribute to better water security for all. 

Our focus 
We’re accelerating our product innovation to meet the needs of people in water-scarce regions, while continuing to 
reduce water use in agriculture and our own manufacturing operations. Our efforts are focused on areas where we can 
have the biggest positive impact.  

Our internal Water Board is responsible for our water strategy and our water targets. Its focus is on driving water-smart 
innovations to achieve business growth, and it’s chaired by our Home Care Category President, Kees Kruythoff. 

Brands & innovation 

•  Develop innovative products which help people adapt to a water-scarce world. 
•  Build our Pureit and Qinyuan drinking water purification business. 

Supply chain 

•  Support agricultural suppliers on better irrigation techniques and equipment, to improve crop yields using less 

water. 

•  Proactively map and manage water and climate risk in the supply chain. 

Factories 

•  Continue to drive sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations. 

Advocacy 

•  Work in partnership with government, like-minded businesses and civil society to tackle wider systems 

challenges around access to water, sanitation and hygiene. 

Our commitment 
Halve the water associated with the consumer use of our products by 2020.* 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, in our own operations, the water abstraction by our global factory network will be at or below 2008 levels, 
despite significantly higher volumes, by 2020. 

Progress to date 
In 2017, our water impact per consumer use reduced by around 2%† compared to 2010.* We recognise that we are well 
behind the target. The main cause for the difference between our 2016 and 2017 result, is that our portfolio is now made 
up of more products that have a higher than average water footprint. Because of this, we have increased our focus on 
product innovations that use less water, whilst also encouraging consumer behaviour change.  

We have made significant reductions in the water used in manufacturing, where our factories have abstracted 19.8 
million† fewer cubic metres of water in 2017 than in 2008. This equates to a reduction of 39%† per tonne of production. 
We are also working with our agricultural suppliers; in 2018 we are launching our renewed Sustainable Agriculture Code, 
which as clear guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart Agriculture, including water management. By the end of 2017, 
we had jointly developed over 4,000 water management plans with our agricultural suppliers.  

Future challenges 
Investment in infrastructure (both natural and man-made), government regulations and action by the private sector are 
all essential to any lasting solutions. Through our advocacy work we will promote policies and market-based solutions 
that enable more people to have access to water, sanitation and hygiene. 

Water pricing, water metering, efficient household appliances and water-saving products are all necessary levers to 
create the systemic change urgently needed for sustainable water use. However, in some countries it will take time for 
governments to improve the quality and quantity of water supply. There is an immediate need for new products that use 
water much more effectively in the home and which work well in low quality water. Our challenge is to accelerate our 
innovation pipeline to meet people’s needs. 

*Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. We are reporting against our five 
water-using sub-categories (Laundry, Hair Care, Oral Care, Skin Cleansing and Household Care) in seven water-scarce countries: China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the US. 

†Independently assured by PwC  

Taking action 

We are taking action on water in our value chain. 

Our water footprint 

Working with suppliers & farmers to manage water  use

 
 
 
                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable water use in our                Water-smart products in water-stressed                    
manufacturing operations      

living

  
 
    
 
 
 
Targets & performance 
We have an ambitious commitment to halve the water associated with the consumer 
use of our products in water-scarce countries.* 

Water use 

OUR COMMITMENT 
Halve the water associated with the consumer use of our products by 2020.* 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, our water impact per consumer use decreased by around 2%† since 2010.* 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have made significant reductions in the water used in manufacturing, reducing the water 
abstracted for manufacturing by 39%† per tonne of production compared to 2008. However, the 
biggest impact comes from water used by consumers when they shower, bathe and clean with our 
products.  

In 2017, the water associated with the consumer use of our products reduced by around 2%† 
versus 2010. The main cause for the difference between our 2016 and 2017 result, is that our 
portfolio is now made up of more products that have a higher than average water footprint. Over 
the last seven years we have learned more about people’s needs in water scarce situations – so 
we have sharpened our internal strategy to align with this, considering water quality and quantity 
issues.  

We have continued to make progress in designing and rolling out products which require less 
water. Our patented SmartFoam technology in our Sunlight 2-in-1 Handwashing Laundry powder 
and our Rin detergent bar both use up to half the water needed for rinsing, making the washing 
process easier and quicker for consumers in water-scarce regions. This innovation has contributed 
to Sunlight, part of our global Surf brand, increasing its market share in South Africa. 

In 2016 we opened our Suvidha Hygiene Centre in India. Located in one of Mumbai’s largest 
slums, the Centre provides water, sanitation and hygiene pay per use services, including laundry 
and washing facilities, and safe drinking water, to over 1,500 people. The Centre uses circular 
economy principles to reduce water use. Fresh water is first used for bathing, handwashing and 
laundry. The waste water from these activities is then used for flushing toilets.  

This business model is an opportunity to unlock new markets, investments and innovation, whilst 
meeting consumer needs and contributing to the delivery of the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) - particularly SDG 6 on clean water and sanitation provision. 

We also continued to scale up our Sunlight Water Centres in Nigeria, with 18 centres opened by 
the end of 2017. 

*Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. We 
are reporting against our five water-using sub-categories (Laundry, Hair Care, Oral Care, Skin Cleansing and Household Care) in seven water-scarce countries: 
China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the US. 

†Independently assured by PwC 

Achieved  1 

 On-Plan 3 

  Off-Plan  1 

% of target achieved 0 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme 
across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Reduce water abstracted by manufacturing sites 

•  By 2020, water abstraction by our 
global factory network will be at or 
below 2008 levels, despite 
significantly higher volumes. 

This represents a reduction of around 40% 
per tonne of production. 

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 
78% reduction per tonne of production and 
a 65% absolute reduction. 

19.8 million fewer cubic metres of water 
abstracted in 2017 than in 2008 (a reduction 
of 39%† per tonne of production).  

Compared to 1995 this represents a 77.4% 
reduction in absolute terms. 

We will focus in particular on factories in water-scarce locations. 

•  All newly-built factories will aim to 
abstract less than half the water of 
those in our 2008 baseline. 

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India and 
Iran started production in 2017. When fully 
operational each aims to abstract only half 
the water for factory operations than those 
factories in a representative 2008 baseline. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have reduced the total volume of water abstracted for use in manufacturing by more than three 
quarters since 1995. 

In 2017, we achieved a reduction of 39%† per tonne of production compared to 2008, achieving this 
despite growth in our production volume since 2008. The reduction equates to around saving 2.6 
litres of water for every person on the planet. 

Our progress has been driven by continuous improvement initiatives at all sites to reduce, reuse 
and recycle water. We do this through a combination of low-cost and no-cost techniques and 
behaviours, and a water-specific capital investment programme. 

We continue to track and drive improvements in water performance as a component of our overall 
water strategy. Water efficiency has demonstrated strong financial paybacks, reduces our 
dependency on water resources and supports process innovation.   

† Independently assured by PwC 

Sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reduce water use in the laundry process 

We will reduce the water required in the 
laundry process by: 

•  Providing 50 million households in 

water-scarce countries with laundry 
products that deliver excellent 
results but use less water by 2020. 

In 2016, One Rinse products were used in 
4.9 billion washes in over 59 million 
households worldwide. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Although we achieved our target ahead of schedule, we have continued to reach households in 
water-scarce countries. Comfort One Rinse products are available in Brazil, Cambodia, India, 
Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam – all countries experiencing water scarcity.  

In 2013, we began a partnership with the Vietnamese Ministry of Natural Resources and 
Environment to raise awareness about water scarcity in rural areas, educate people to change their 
laundry rinsing habits, and show how the benefits of using Comfort One Rinse can help reduce 
water use. This campaign was particularly resonant during 2016 and 2017, when Vietnam endured 
its worst drought in 100 years. 

During 2017 alone, our Comfort One Rinse campaign enabled people to reduce their own water 
use and donate water to drought-affected regions, reaching 14 million people across Vietnam.  

Water-smart products for water-stressed living 

Reduce water use in agriculture 

•  We will develop comprehensive 
plans with our suppliers and 
partners to reduce the water used 
to grow our crops in water-scarce 
countries. 

Water management is an integral part of our 
Sustainable Agriculture Code.  Close to 
100% of our vegetable suppliers, including 
tomato suppliers, now comply with our Code. 
Almost all, when using irrigation, have water 
management plans in place and report on 
water used in irrigation. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have been collecting irrigation data from our suppliers as part of the implementation of 
our Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF | 762KB) since 2011. We are close to 100% coverage now 
in key crops like vegetables and tomatoes. 

An important step in our sustainable sourcing programme will be the launch in 2018 of the renewed 
Sustainable Agriculture Code, which has clear guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart 
Agriculture, including water management. Impacts of climate change on agriculture will be different 
in different parts of the world. In 2018, we will commission detailed studies of where climate risk is 
highest for the various crops that we buy. These will help us understand where we must focus our 
efforts to support suppliers and farmers to adapt to and mitigate contributions to climate change.  

To further support farmers in their understanding of water management on their farm, we have 
been working with the Cool Farm Alliance to develop an online Water Footprint Calculator. This 
feature will go live in 2018, complementing the Carbon Footprint Calculator and the Biodiversity 
Effectiveness assessment tool. 

Working with suppliers & farmers to manage water use 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Water use

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Our water footprint
We measure the water that people use when showering, bathing, cleaning

and cooking with our products. We also measure the water we add to

products during the manufacturing process. Accurate measurement and

transparent reporting of our water footprint helps us adapt our strategy, set

ambitious targets, and assess our progress towards our 2020 halving

commitment.

Why do we measure our water footprint?
We rely on water to run our business – from growing crops, to operating our factories.

People need water to use many of our products – from cooking food, to washing their

hair or doing the laundry. More and more regions in the world are experiencing water

scarcity, and many communities lack a reliable supply of clean water. Climate change

is making this worse by increasing droughts and disrupting weather patterns. This is

why it is important for us to measure our water footprint to track our progress towards

halving our water impact by 2020.

Measuring our water footprint enables us to see which of our products require the most

water. We can help our consumers reduce their water use through product innovation

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/water­smart­products­

for­water­stressed­living/); bringing them new formulations – such as SmartFoam –

and product formats that work well with less water, for example our Comfort One

Rinse. We pay particular attention to the water used with our products in areas of

water scarcity. We’re looking at how climate change may affect the availability of water

and what risks this creates for our consumers, our suppliers and our business.

Water used in agriculture
In 2012, we assessed the water used to produce our main agricultural raw materials.

For this one­off study we used the WaterStat database from the Water Footprint

Network. The study indicated that agricultural water use makes up approximately 15%

of our footprint. Although we are a big company, some of our largest volume raw

materials, such as palm oil and tea, are generally rain­fed and therefore not water­

intensive. We have not repeated this study since 2012. The image below shows the

relative impact of agricultural crops in our value chain.

Measured 2012

How do we calculate our water footprint?
We’ve been calculating our consumer water footprint since 2010, using data from a

representative group of products in our five water­using sub­divisions: Hair Care,

Household Care, Laundry, Oral Care and Skin Cleansing. We use data from seven

water­scarce countries: China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the

US.

We calculate our water impact annually, both at an absolute level and ‘per consumer

use’, which is the water impact of our consumers doing a load of laundry or taking a

shower. These measurements enable us to see where we are making improvements

and where we still have work to do ­ for example, by innovating new fast­rinse

products, or by moving towards product formats that either require less or no water.

Our definition of domestic water scarcity is based on how many people in each country

experience physical water scarcity and the number of people who lack access to

sanitation and clean water. So even though our water­scarce countries represent only

about 40% of our sales volumes, these are the areas where our water saving

innovations have the greatest benefits for our consumers.

Our 2017 water footprint
In 2017, we estimated that consumers used around 6.7 billion m  of water when using

3

our products. On average, each use of our products required 13.8 litres of water. Our

2017 water footprint per consumer use is 2% lower than in 2010 because we now sell

more products that work well with less water, such as our Rin SmartFoam laundry bar.

However, we also acquired skin cleansing and hair care brands in countries that use

above­average amounts of water. This overshadows the progress we’ve made and

makes it difficult for us to reach our committment of halving our water impact by 2020.

Our biggest water use – over 99% – occurs when consumers use our products. Our

analysis shows that most water is used for laundry, particularly washing clothes, and

for showering, bathing, and washing hair with our products. In contrast, the water used

as a product ingredient accounts for less than 1%.

Measured 1 July 2016 – 30 June 2017

Measuring our water footprint is just the first step. We use our footprint to help us to

reduce the water required to use our products (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/water­use/water­smart­products­for­water­stressed­living/). We

also measure the water used in manufacturing as part of our eco­efficiency in

manufacturing programme (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­

efficiency­in­manufacturing/).

Assurance of our 2017 water performance
measure
In 2017, PwC carried out independent assurance of our latest water performance

measure for the third year. Please see Independent Assurance (/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/) for more details of our assurance

programme.

Related links

Downloads



Water targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­
use/)



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/basis­of­preparation­
2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf)



USLP: PwC’s Independent
Limited Assurance Report
2017
PDF | 281KB
(/Images/pwc­limited­
assurance­report­
2017_tcm244­
519550_1_en.pdf)



Our metrics (/sustainable­
living/our­approach­to­
reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/independent­
assurance/)



Previous

Water­smart products for water­stressed living

Next 

Working with suppliers & farmers to manage water use

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Water use

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Working with suppliers & farmers to
manage water use
Water scarcity impacts farmers across our supply chain but with the right

support, they can cut water use, boost yields and adapt to climate change.

Why a changing climate is bad news for farming

Across most of the world, over 70% of freshwater is used for agriculture.  A lack of

1

water can reduce yields and crop quality, or destroy whole harvests. This can have a

devastating impact, especially for smallholder farmers.

Water scarcity is already a major challenge for farmers in many of the countries where

we source our crops. Climate change will make this worse as more sectors and

countries feel the impacts of rising temperatures, more frequent droughts and

unpredictable changes in rainfall patterns.

Water scarcity and climate change are major risks to our business, because of the

potential impact on the supply and cost of the ingredients we use in our products. So,

we’re taking action to help farmers in our supply chain adapt to the effects of climate

change, and to use water more efficiently. We focus on water­scarce countries and our

most water­intensive crops, such as tomatoes.

Can we use less water and still grow more?
Good water management can increase the quantity and quality of crops while reducing

the amount of water used. This is good news for farmers as it protects their business

and can boost profits. It also helps preserve vital water resources for local

communities and ecosystems.

With our suppliers and growers we have jointly implemented over 4,000 water

management plans through our sustainable sourcing programme (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­

sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­programme/). These plans can result

in changes across the farm, from the use of drip irrigation to deliver water straight to

plant roots preventing wastage, to the introduction of best­in­class crop varieties, and

better soil and nutrient management. Enhancing soil structure so it can hold more

water and collecting rainwater from rooftops and run­off can also make a big

difference.

We focus on water quality as well as quantity, helping suppliers to use pesticides and

fertilisers carefully and appropriately. The principles of Climate Smart Agriculture ­

practices which sustainably increase the productivity and resilience of the agricultural

system while reducing greenhouse gas emissions ­ are integrated in our supplier

policies, which also detail our commitment to water efficiency and water management

in agriculture.

Our agricultural supplier policies include our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF |

9MB) (/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf)

(RSP) and  Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/ul­sac­v1­

march­2010­spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf). As the impacts of climate change

become ever more visible, our focus on sustainable agriculture is more important than

ever. In updating our Sustainable Agriculture Code in 2017, we increased our focus on

Climate Smart Agriculture and are now rolling this out to farmers across our supply

chain.

Drip irrigation – less water, more profit

Installing a drip irrigation system is one of the most important steps a farmer can take

to reduce water use. It’s particularly beneficial for water­hungry plants such as

tomatoes, and crops grown in hot, dry environments or areas of water scarcity. Drip

irrigation systems use tubes to deliver a slow­moving water supply directly to the soil

and plant roots where it’s needed. This way, much less water is wasted due to run­off

or evaporation.



Did you know?

Drip irrigation cuts water use by as much as 50% compared to overhead or

furrow irrigation.

The benefits of drip irrigation don’t stop there. By creating optimal growing conditions,

these systems can boost yields by up to 25–35% and, because the soil is not

completely soaked, reduce the spread of fungal and bacterial diseases, as well as

weeds. In humid regions, this means the use of fungicide can be cut by up to 50%,

lowering costs for farmers and even saving on labour.

The main drawback of drip irrigation is that systems can be costly to install, especially

for smallholders. We support farmers to adopt drip irrigation in water­stressed areas

where we’re confident that it will be profitable for them. Our most recent drip irrigation

projects include supporting smallholder farmers growing gherkins in India, and

supporting onion and garlic growers in California.

Through our Knorr Partnership Fund (/about/suppliers­centre/sustainable­sourcing­

suppliers/knorr­sustainability­partnership/) (KPF) we contribute to a number of

sustainability projects, including providing technical support – and in some cases

funding – to help farmers convert to drip irrigation. This requires farmers to learn new

techniques and we work closely with equipment suppliers to facilitate this. Since 2010,

the KPF has supported €1.3 million worth of water management projects.

Spotlight

Less water, sweeter tomatoes

Tomato farmers in the Mediterranean are experiencing unpredictable rainfall

and water scarcity. Yet simple tools can make a big difference. Through the

Knorr Partnership Fund (KPF), we’ve helped our tomato farmers in the

Gastouni region of Greece to cut water use by 28% while increasing yields and

producing sweeter tomatoes.

The key to this change is a tensiometer – a small probe that measures the

amount of water present in soil. A dial at surface level gives an at­a­glance

guide to the conditions below ground. Previously farmers had to decide when to

irrigate based on experience and estimates. Now they can see in an instant

when their tomato fields need irrigation, informed by real­time, reliable data.

The KPF has been co­funding the cost of the tensiometers and providing

training to help farmers make the most of the new tool.

With several tensiometers carefully placed across their land, the farmers who

cultivate tomatoes for our Knorr sauces, soups and stocks can see immediately

when their fields need irrigation and water them as needed.

The results are clear to see. Water consumption has gone down from 86 litres

per kilogramme of tomatoes to 56 litres per kilogramme between 2010 and

2017. And yields have gone up from 76 to 83 tonnes per hectare. What’s more,

with the optimal amount of irrigation, the tomatoes have a chance to ripen in

just the right way, and that’s been reflected by an increase in their brix level –

the official measure of tomato sweetness. It's a great result for the environment,

our farmers and our Knorr consumers.

Helping rice farmers in Arkansas save water and
improve yields
Our Knorr brand buys large volumes of rice in the US each year. Arkansas is the

biggest state producing rice in the US, but farming is depleting the groundwater at an

unsustainable rate. Rice uses 35% of the irrigation water in Arkansas, so it’s a big part

of the problem. Without action now to tackle the issue, farmers could run into problems

as early as 2040.

Our Knorr teams met with rice farmers to understand potential solutions. They found

that farmers were using a wide variety of techniques to grow rice, so there was no one­

size­fits­all solution. Farmers were keen to test several techniques that have a proven

ability to save water, such as alternate wetting and drying, new breeds of rice, levelling

the land, row cropping and polypipe irrigation systems.

Knorr is co­funding a package of different solutions with our supplier Riviana for 11

farmers, covering up to 600 acres of land over three years. Farmers will trial a number

of techniques for saving water and share best practices. And the University of

Arkansas will be providing technical assistance to help measure results.

Spotlight

Boosting yields in India drip by drip

Smallholder farmers in southern India face many challenges in trying to earn a

living. Water scarcity and climate change pose major threats to their

livelihoods. Yet simple changes can make a big difference, if farmers have the

right information and support.

Since 2016, we have been helping one of our gherkin suppliers, Marcatus

QED, to implement its Responsible Farming Programme for over 10,000

smallholder gherkin farmers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­

livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/greengherkins.html) in southern

India. With our support, Marcatus QED has helped around 3,700 families

implement ‘low­tech’ drip irrigation systems which increase yields by 20% and

reduce water use by 25%. Through the programme, around 4,500 smallholder

farming families have also been trained in improving soil health, through

composting and other techniques.

Also in India, we’re working with processor Varun Agro, in Maharashtra state, to

enable  over 5,000 smallholder farmers (https://www.youtube.com/watch?

v=ll5rEN­bS58) to grow tomatoes for our Kissan ketchup. These farmers cover

approximately 9,000 acres of land and all these fields now use drip irrigation.

Plans are in place to extend this to another 5,000 farmers.

Beyond the farm – a whole system perspective
We can’t solve the problem of water scarcity in agriculture through changes at farm

level alone. We need to take a whole system perspective that looks at the wider impact

of agricultural and industrial practices on water supply and quality to help address

some of the underlying causes of water scarcity.

We’re looking at the effects of deforestation on tea production. Forests are critical in

making sure rainfall patterns remain stable and that water catchment areas are

protected. This is essential for tea plants, which require regular rainfall to produce their

best leaves. Our Unilever Tea Tanzania (UTT) and Unilever Tea Kenya’s (UTK)

Biodiversity Action Plan places a high priority on planting and maintaining trees. To

date over 1.45 million trees have been planted across the UTT and UTK estates and

30,000 indigenous trees have been donated to local communities and institutions to

help improve biodiversity and conserve water resources.

We are also involved in a project to protect the South West Mau forest in Kenya.

Deforestation in this area is contributing to water shortages and drought, impacting

Kenyan tea production. To combat this, we’re involved in the Sustainable Trade

Initiative’s ‘Sustainable Landscapes Initiative’ to stop and reverse deforestation. As

part of this work, in 2017, we planted 112 hectares of trees in a forest area that was

destroyed by wild fires in 2016. We have also engaged local communities in

monitoring the newly planted trees, to ensure a good success rate. We’ll be planting

more trees in 2018.

We have also committed financial and technical resources towards rehabilitating two

water springs within the area: Susumwet and Kipyieta. The springs have been drying

up, increasing the risk of conflict amongst different stakeholders in the area. We have

already restored the riverbank areas by planting indigenous trees, fencing off the

spring area and providing watering points for the animals.

Transforming water management in India: more
crop per drop
Over 80% of India’s water resources are used for agriculture. Yet many farmers face

acute water shortages and low productivity. So back in 2010, our business in India

established the Hindustan Unilever Foundation (HUF), a not­for­profit company, that

supports community­based water management sustainability programmes under the

‘Water for Public Good’ mandate.

HUF empowers local community institutions to govern water resources and enhance

agricultural livelihoods through the adoption of responsible water practices that deliver

more crop per drop of water. HUF’s programmes are aligned with India’s national

priorities on water, including recharging of ground water through aquifer management,

promoting responsible use of water in agriculture and participatory water management.

HUF also works to improve resilience to the availability of water in company supply

chains.

HUF’s current programmes operate in 2,400 villages across 57 districts in India – and

operate in partnership through 20 NGO partners and multiple co­funders, including

government development agencies, financial institutions and other corporates. HUF

has embraced the strength of partnerships and aspires to create positive systemic

change.

HUF also supports several knowledge initiatives in water conservation and

governance, including:

The performance and impact of micro­harvesting structures such as irrigation tanks

and check dams

Technology tools to enhance assessments of ground water and implications for

effective water management

Community­based governance models for water management in rural India

Evidence­based cases for adoption of innovations in agricultural practices.

By the end of 2017, the cumulative and collective achievements HUF’s programmes

included:

Water conservation: more than 400 billion litres of water conserved through

improved supply and demand water management.

Crop yield: additional agricultural production of over 650,000 tonnes generated.

Livelihoods: more than five million days of employment created through water

conservation and increased agriculture production.

In 2017 Haskins & Sells LLP independently assured the performance of the projects

undertaken by HUF and its partners in the Water for Public Good programme.

1 The World Bank:  https://blogs.worldbank.org/opendata/chart­globally­70­freshwater­used­agriculture

(https://blogs.worldbank.org/opendata/chart­globally­70­freshwater­used­agriculture)

Related links



Water targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­
use/)



Previous

Our water footprint

Next 

Sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations

 Water use

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Sustainable water use in our
manufacturing operations
In our manufacturing operations, we depend on sustainable access to

water, both in terms of quantity and quality. We use water as an ingredient

in our products, to run our heating and cooling systems, and to clean our

facilities.

Water is essential to life
Access to safe water and sanitation, and sound management of freshwater

ecosystems, are fundamental to human health, environmental sustainability and

economic prosperity. Through a number of initiatives, our global manufacturing water

programme is contributing to UN Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6: Ensure

access to water and sanitation for all.

Doing more with less
By the end of 2017, we had cut the amount of water our factories use by 39%  per

†

tonne of production since 2008, and are on track to meet our water target by 2020.

Through continuous improvement initiatives across our factory network to reduce,

reuse and recycle water, we’re decoupling our water use from the growing volume of

products we manufacture.

We have cut the amount of water

abstracted by our factories by 39%  per

†

tonne of production since 2008. This has

saved approximately 19.8 million† litres of

water in total, equivalent to around 2.6 litres

of water for every person on the planet.

In 2017, we reduced the absolute quantity of water abstracted by our sites by 2.9%

and cut water intensity by 2.8% per tonne of production, compared to 2016. Water

reduction initiatives can range from process improvements and behaviours to

improved water efficiency cleaning technologies. For example, in 2017 our Goiania

factory in Latin America installed a new tank cleaning system which saves 3,500m  of

3

water per year and also delivers a high quality performance using fewer chemicals in

the process.

We promote water reuse and recycling in our factories. We now have over 50 zero

liquid sites ­ where wastewater is treated and then reused on site ­ meaning virtually

no water is discharged to the environment. For example, our Amli factory in India is

treating and reusing wastewater for utilities, such as cooling towers and boilers. This

has created water savings of over 600m  per year, with an investment payback of the

3

project being less than a year. This is good for the environment and makes business

sense.

Our new factory programme is helping us achieve our water targets. We integrate

water­efficiency features into the core design of each new facility or factory upgrade,

such as different technologies, low water cleaning and water recycling. And we use

best practices, from inside and outside the business, that reflect the latest sustainable

design techniques and technologies.

Using less water can often help us save energy as we’re not pumping, heating and

treating so much water. Using less water also helps us to improve overall efficiency

and reduce waste. Since 2008, our water­efficiency improvements have resulted in

direct avoided costs of around €82 million. Water efficiency is also building up our

resilience to the impacts of climate change and helping us prepare our business for a

future where natural resources will be increasingly scarce.

Water - Total load (1995-2017)

180

160

140

120

100

80

60

40

20

0

³

m

⁶
0
1

Key

1
9
9
5

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Year

Total load (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Total load (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

 
Spotlight

Our five steps for water efficiency

We’ve already made big improvements in water efficiency in our factories, but

we know we can still go further. The following five steps help us do just that.

1. Clear objectives: We set specific water reduction targets for each factory.

Sites submit data monthly with performance tracked on a site, regional and

group basis. Reports are shared across the business each quarter.  

2. Data and insights: We have been reporting environmental data since 1995

but from 2014, we started the roll­out of our detailed Metering, Monitoring

and Targeting (MM&T) (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­manufacturing­sustainability­

strategy/) system. This provides hourly data on water use across a site,

giving us new insights into losses and wasteful behaviours, and helping to

identify better ways of working.  

For instance, in 2017 our Caivano ice cream factory in Italy used the data to

improve water use during multiple weekend shutdowns. They updated their

shutdown procedures to include closing water access to non­essential area.

In doing this they were able to reduce annual water use by 15,000m  per

3

year at no additional cost. Together with other actions throughout the year,

the site has reduced annual water intensity by 9%.  

3. Sharing of good practice: We encourage factory teams to share

achievements through our online best practice portal. Our teams can now

learn from over 200 water­saving techniques including new technologies,

process optimisations and behaviours. These range from zero cost

initiatives such as the Caivano example above to best practices such as the

installation of nozzles on hoses and large­scale water recycling schemes.  

4. Pioneering mindset: We support our people to rethink the way we use

water, to reassess our processing methods and to adopt new technologies.

For instance, in 2017 our Savoury Foods factory in Lerma, Mexico, replaced

 
 
 
 
their traditional water based cooling system with an air based alternative,

saving 4,860 m  water per year. We are looking at how can implement this

3

in our other factory locations. Where possible, we’re introducing waterless

technologies such as waterless vacuum pumps and steamless heating

systems.  

5. Investment in water efficiency: Our centrally­managed €6 million ring­

fenced capital fund invests in water projects, particularly in water­stressed

locations. In 2017, we invested in 87 projects, expected to save 1.1 million

3

m  of water per year and generate €2.8 million in cost savings. Our projects,

which range from low or no­cost behaviour changes to large initiatives ­

such as the installation of water recycling centres ­have an average

payback of just over two years.

We’re always on the lookout for new ways to help us save water during the

manufacturing process. Over the next year, we will be focusing on the use of

data to develop new insights into how we’re using water and identify further

reduction opportunities.

Protecting water quality
Within the production of our products, a proportion of water that we abstract is used for

activities such as cleaning, heating and cooling. This water is then treated, reused on

site where possible and/or returned to the environment.

Through water recycling and zero liquid discharge projects, we aim to minimise the

amount of water that leaves our factory. To protect water quality, we make sure that all

our manufacturing sites apply high standards for water discharge and meet local

environmental regulation. To track performance, we set Chemical Oxygen Demand

(COD) reduction targets every year as part of our eco­efficiency manufacturing

programme (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­

manufacturing/).

Managing scarcity and other water risks
Unlike carbon, water is a local issue. Each river basin or catchment area is discrete,

and in most cases our manufacturing operations are reliant on the local supply of a

particular basin.

Water scarcity is a major challenge in some regions, affecting people’s lives and

livelihoods as well as local ecosystems. Today, 48% of our manufacturing sites are

located in areas classified as water stressed. It’s important that we pay even more

attention to saving water and managing water­related risks at our sites in water­

stressed areas.

Contextual water targets

 
We identify sites in areas of water stress using the World Resources Institute’s (WRI)

Aqueduct Tool, which is supported by media reviews and discussions with our local

site teams.

We adopt a contextual approach to our internal water targets. The performance of

these sites is tracked separately, and the targets are often more stringent. These sites

also receive priority funding for water efficiency projects through our Sustainability

Capital Fund and activities such as metering, monitoring and targeting have been

prioritised in these areas.

By the end of 2017, sites located in water­stressed locations were 24% more water

efficient per tonne of production than the average for Unilever sites.

Corporate water risk management
But even in water­stressed locations, the cost of buying water is often low and does

not reflect its availability or its true value to our business or to local communities. This

means that many water efficiency measures may not meet our standard investment

criteria. To address this, we place additional value on water where it is stressed to

drive greater internal investment. In 2017, we invested 62% of our €6m capital fund for

water into projects at water­stressed sites.

In 2016 we conducted research with Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which

applied inventory management principles to understand the potential impacts and

business disruption costs associated with risks, such as restrictions to water supply.

We’re continuing to develop our understanding and actions around water pricing and

water­related risks.

WASH in the workplace
In 2013, we signed the World Business Council for Sustainable Development Pledge

for Access to Safe Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) in the Workplace. This

means we have committed to implementing access to safe water, sanitation and

hygiene for all employees in our manufacturing and non­manufacturing sites that are

under our operational control.

The Pledge aligns with our hygiene and occupational health standards. We have

further integrated the Pledge requirements into our Standards for Occupational Health

& Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) reporting.

Supporting water security projects
Water scarcity and declining water quality due to climate change, increasing demand,

land use change and poor sanitation are all threats to long­term water security – for

local communities in areas in which we have factories, and for us.

So we’re taking action to protect water quality and help ensure the long­term security

of water supplies. Many of these projects are developed in partnership with community

groups and local government, and support the SDGs, specifically SDG 6, ensure

access to water and sanitation for all.

In India, for example, our Prabhat factory volunteering programme ­ which began in

2013 – is running at over 30 Unilever sites. The programme ­ which is aligned to the

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and our Vision (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/about­

our­strategy/) to grow our business, whilst decoupling our environmental footprint from

our growth and growing our increasing our positive social impact ­ aims to contribute to

the development of local communities around our key manufacturing sites.

The key areas of the Prabhat programme ­ enhancing livelihoods, water conservation,

health and hygiene, and most recently nutrition – have been chosen as these

contribute towards India’s goal of augmenting growth through appropriate development

and fostering innovation.

The water conservation initiative is spearheaded by Hindustan Unilever Foundation

(HUF), a wholly owned subsidiary of Hindustan Unilever. The Foundation works with

NGOs to deliver the agenda on creating water for public good. HUF provides the

programme framework, supports in identifying implementing NGOs and funds the

water pillar, and the supply chain team at Hindustan Unilever drive the programme on

ground. Prabhat’s water conservation programme is currently active across seven

manufacturing locations.

†
Independently assured (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/) by PwC.

Swachhata Doot
Swachhata Doot

Related links



Water strategy (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/)



Water targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­
use/)



Our water footprint
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­
use/our­water­footprint/)



Eco­efficiency in manufacturing
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/independent­
assurance/)



Previous

Working with suppliers & farmers to manage water use

Next 

Water­smart products for water­stressed living

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Water use

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Water-smart products for water-stressed
living
With half of the global population expected to live in areas of water stress

by 2025, new approaches to cutting water use at home have never been

more important.

Water scarcity - a problem for people, societies
and business
Our daily lives and simple chores depend on water. But in water­scarce regions, where

the supply and quality of water is unreliable, people must go to great lengths to obtain

the water they need. They may be forced to walk long distances to collect and carry

water by hand, or to buy expensive and potentially unsafe bottled water.

Lack of access to water reinforces many other problems in society and makes it hard

for individuals to break out of poverty. In sub­Saharan Africa, 40 billion working hours

are lost every year to collecting water. More often than not, the responsibility for

collecting water falls on women’s shoulders, reinforcing gender inequality.

Water stress is also a business issue. When water is scarce, or supplies are

unreliable, people limit how frequently they wash or do the laundry. This can reduce

demand for our products. Climate change is set to increase the challenge of water

scarcity, so the impact on individuals and our business will grow. By helping to tackle

water scarcity we can change people’s lives, build our brands and contribute

towards  UN Sustainable Development Goal 6

(http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/water­and­sanitation/) – ensure access to

water and sanitation for all.

Water-smart products and new ideas
We’re investing in product innovation to cut water use, and we’re exploring options

beyond our traditional business model to find new solutions for communities. One

priority is to research, develop and launch water­smart products – that is, new

products or formulations that work well with less water such as easy­rinse laundry

products. We call these water­smart products.

Our biggest water use ­ over 99% of our water footprint (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/water­use/our­water­footprint/) ­ occurs when consumers use

our products. So we’re concentrating on product divisions which require most water to

use including laundry, household cleaning, skin cleansing, oral and hair care. Water­

smart products are particularly suited to the needs of people living in water­stressed

areas but can also help encourage a wider shift to more sustainable consumption of

water. They will help our business become more resilient to the impacts of climate

change.

However, water­efficient products on their own aren’t enough when many communities

still lack access to a clean, reliable local water supply. That’s why we’re also investing

in new projects and business models that can increase access to water, including the

creation of community hygiene and water centres.

Spotlight

A bold approach to urban hygiene

Rapid urbanisation means many low­income people in India live without easy

access to clean water, a flushing toilet and other basic services. For example,

more than half of Mumbai’s 12.5 million inhabitants don’t have their own toilet.

The urban poor may pay up to 50 times more for a litre of water than their

richer neighbours, as they often have to buy their water from private vendors.

Now, over 1,500 people in one of Mumbai’s largest slums are benefiting from

clean water and facilities at our pioneering  Suvidha Centre (PDF | 2MB)

(https://www.hul.co.in/Images/suvidha_hygiene_centre_tcm1255­

495963_en.pdf) which opened in 2016. Suvidha (which means ‘facility’ in Hindi)

was built with our partners, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai and

Pratha Samajik Sanstha, a non­profit community organisation. The Centre is

the first of its kind in India. It provides flushing toilets, handwashing facilities

with soap, clean showers, safe drinking water and state­of­the­art laundry

operations at an affordable cost for low­income households.

Located in the heart of Azad Nagar, one of Mumbai’s many slums, the Centre

meets almost 80% of people’s basic water needs for laundry, showers, toilets

and handwashing. The services are provided on a pay­per­use basis, which are

below market rates.

Saving water is a priority for the Centre ­ and circular economy principles have

been integrated into its design. Fresh water is first used for bathing,

handwashing and laundry. The wastewater from these activities is then used for

flushing toilets. The Centre’s water recycling unit helps to recycle 90% of the

water used – and a rainwater harvesting system helps to reduce the demand

on mains water supplies.

"Go easy on the tap": cutting water use with fast-
rinse

Product innovation in our beauty & personal care ranges can help people to reduce

how much water they use in their home. For example, our new Love Beauty and

Planet range in the US – launched in 2018 – uses fast­rinse technology in its

conditioners. These conditioners give great results while being quicker to rinse out.

If every woman in the US saved even 10 seconds per shower, it would save enough

water to meet all the water needs of half a million people for that year. Through

providing fast­rinse conditioners, sharing ‘how to use’ instructions and social

engagement, Love Beauty and Planet encourages people “to go easy on the tap” and

cut their water use.

Smarter rinsing with SmartFoam
In many developing and emerging countries, clothes are still washed by hand. This

time­consuming task uses up to 40% of a household’s domestic water consumption.

Rinsing uses around 70% of this water and our research shows that people continue to

rinse until there are no visible soap suds left.

The SmartFoam technology is a patented anti­foam molecule, which reduces the

number of rinses needed by up to half, by breaking down soap suds more quickly. This

saves significant amounts of water ­ and makes washing easier and quicker. It was

first launched in South Africa in 2016 in our Sunlight 2­in­1 Handwashing Laundry

Powder and in India in our Rin soap bars.

Washing dishes can take up to 20% of daily domestic water but switching products can

help people to use less water. In India, our market research shows that people who

use a liquid detergent, rather than a detergent bar, use one­third less water when

washing dishes. This is equivalent to saving two buckets of water every time the

dishes are cleaned – a significant reduction, particularly for a country prone to water

scarcity and drought.

Spotlight

Water, time and opportunities for women

Binta Musa lives in Kubacha, Nigeria. She used to struggle to get the clean

water needed to run her household of ten people and missed out on time that

could have been spent on education, running her business and looking after

family.  Binta’s story (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7tXJVE95q4) is far

from unusual. Collectively, women and girls in water­scarce areas spend
1

around 200 million hours every day  getting water for domestic use.

Our 18 Water Centres in Nigeria are giving people like Binta back this time by

providing easy, affordable access to clean water. The first two centres opened

in 2014, through a partnership between Sunlight – our laundry and dishwashing

brand – Oxfam and non­profit organisation Technoserve. With Technoserve, we

have now opened 16 more centres, each benefiting more than 500 people.

The Water Centres are designed to be sustainable local businesses. They sell

clean water at an affordable price, and double up as the village shop selling

food, goods, phone charging and mobile banking facilities. The local community

provides the land and in return has an equity stake. The village shops at the

Water Centres help subsidise sales of water at an affordable cost, and provide

the resources and incentive needed to maintain the water boreholes.

We train local women to run the centres, giving them new skills and an

opportunity to earn a salary.

“The Centre provides for the daily needs of the community – access to clean

water and other essential products that are required by families. I feel very

happy, excited and fulfilled. I am meeting the needs of my community and

making earnings from it. It’s my desire that the business expands and that there

will be many women working for Sunlight Water Centres.”

Charity Dangana, Sunlight Water Centre entrepreneur, Kubacha, Nigeria

The Water Centres are good for our business too, as they provide opportunities

to sell Unilever brands.

We’ve explored the links between access to water and gender equality in the

 ‘Water for Women Report 2015’ (PDF | 34MB) (/Images/slp_water­for­

women­march­2015_tcm244­423659_en.pdf) – published with WaterAid,

Oxfam, UNESCO, the World Water Assessment Programme and NextDrop –

and in our 2017 report,  ‘Opportunities for Women: challenging harmful social

norms and gender stereotypes to unlock women’s potential’ (PDF | 7MB)

(/Images/unilever­opportunities­for­women_tcm244­500987_en.pdf). These

showed the cost to women and girls of accessing clean water, particularly in

water­scarce locations and called for action by government, civil society,

business and communities.

One bucket, One Rinse with Comfort

Our Comfort One Rinse fabric conditioner cuts the volume of water needed for

handwashing clothes by up to half per wash, saving around 20 litres. It’s designed to

quickly dissolve the foam created by detergent, so just one rinse is needed –

equivalent to one bucket of water instead of the usual three.

We first launched Comfort One Rinse in Vietnam in 2013 ­ a country where one in

every three people has no access to fresh, clean water. Since then, we estimate that

the use of Comfort One Rinse has saved 636 million litres of water being used in

Vietnam – meaning we’re on track to achieve our ambition of saving 1 billion litres by

the end of 2020.

We’ve learned that product innovation is often just the first step in getting people to

change their laundry habits ­ raising awareness is equally important. So, when we

launched Comfort One Rinse, we began a partnership with the Vietnamese Ministry of

Natural Resources and Environment to raise awareness about water scarcity in rural

areas, educate people to change their laundry rinsing habits, and show how the

benefits of using Comfort One Rinse can help reduce water use. This campaign was

particularly resonant during 2016 and 2017, when Vietnam endured its worst drought

in 100 years.

During 2017, our campaign enabled people to reduce their own water use and donate

water to drought­affected regions, reaching 14 million people across Vietnam. We also

partnered with youth organisations, training 5,400 students to visit rural households

with the One Rinse message. Over 61,000 people made a donation by purchasing

special packs of Comfort One Rinse. In total: 350,000 m  of water was donated; we

3

installed 12 sustainable water systems; and a thousand 500 litre water tanks were

provided to the 15 regions most heavily impacted by the drought, so rural communities

could store clean water.

The campaign helped sales of Comfort One Rinse increase by 9.7%, compared to

2016. In 2017, Comfort One Rinse accounted for 24% of the total fabric conditioner

market in Vietnam.

Researching the next new solution for water
scarcity
Water recycling at home can help people in water­scarce areas to make better use of

resources. We are conducting research into the recycling of household greywater – the

wastewater generated through activities such as washing and cooking – to help us

develop new product innovations for people who live in water­scarce areas.

Since 2017, the Unilever Centre for Environmental Water Quality (UCEWQ) in South

Africa have been analysing the potential risks and opportunities from using greywater

in small­scale agriculture, for toilet flushing and other non­consumptive uses. They

have also developed materials to help people implement greywater recycling methods

at home.

The UCEWQ – which is situated at the Institute for Water Research at Rhodes

University ­ partners with industry, local and national government, water resource

management forums, communities and other academic institutions, to increase

knowledge about, and practice methods towards, the sustainable management of

water resources in South Africa. The UCEWQ are experts on Integrated Water

Resource Management, and are the knowledge hub for a Caring for Catchments

programme, which aims to make 30% more water available in two water catchments in

South Africa by 2030.

The UCEWQ are also working to develop a behaviour change programme for water

which we can activate through our brands, with our consumers.

Explore our safety and environmental science (/about/innovation/safety­and­

environment/) approaches to learn more about our work.

1
 Unilever, Water Aid, Oxfam, and NextDrop;  Water for Women (PDF | 34MB) (/Images/slp_water­for­

women­march­2015_tcm244­423659_en.pdf), 2015, p.2

Related links

Downloads

External links



Unilever's Five
Levers for
Change
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/slp_5­
levers­for­
change_tcm244­
414399_en.pdf)



Water Centres:
Unlocking
women’s time
(https://www.youtube.
v=k7tXJVE95q4)





Water targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/water­
use/)

Working with
farmers &
suppliers to
manage water
use
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/water­
use/working­
with­our­
suppliers­and­
farmers­to­
manage­water­
use/)



Encouraging
behaviour
change
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/encoura
behaviour­
change/)



Previous

Sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations

Next 

Our water footprint

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Waste & packaging 
We purchase over 2 million tonnes of packaging a year. Increasing resource scarcity 
means it is more urgent than ever to find solutions reduce, reuse, recycle and 
recover ‘post-consumer’ waste and move towards a more circular economy. 

Every minute – less than the time it will take you to read this section – the equivalent of one rubbish 
truck of plastic is leaking into streams and rivers, ultimately ending up in the sea. Just 14% of the 
plastic packaging used globally makes its way to recycling plants, a third is left in fragile ecosystems 
and 40% ends up in landfill.1 

As a consumer goods company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and consequences of the linear 
“take-make-dispose” model. And we want to change it. Moving away from the linear model of 
consumption is a key priority in achieving UN Sustainable Development Goal 12 – Sustainable 
Consumption & Production.  

The business case is clear. Plastic packaging waste represents an $80 billion loss to the global 
economy every year.  The benefits of the circular economy approach are clear for business and the 
environment – the more effective use of materials means lower costs and less waste. It means new 
sources of value for customers and consumers, better risk management of raw materials, and 
improved approaches to the supply chain. 

The waste pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan contributes primarily to two of the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): Responsible Consumption & Production (SDG 12) and Life 
Below Water (SDG 14). 

1Ellen MacArthur Foundation 

 
 
 
 
 
Our strategy 
We are accelerating our efforts towards a more circular economy. 

READ MORE ABOUT 

What is the purpose of packaging?, A refreshed strategy, Our commitment, Progress to 
date, Future challenges 

 
 
 
 
 
What is the purpose of packaging? 
Packaging serves many purposes. It protects products, keeping them safe from contamination. It 
allows us to display vital information about how to use and dispose of goods safely. Packaging makes 
it easy to dispense a product, or to reseal it after use, and can help preserve a product for extended 
periods. It also offers convenience and portion control to match the different needs of consumers. In 
developing and emerging countries, many products such as laundry detergent and shampoos are 
sold in single-use sachets to make them more accessible and affordable for people on low incomes. 

However, packaging can often end up as waste in landfill or as litter. It is estimated that by 2050, 
there will be more plastic than fish in the world’s oceans.1 

Public concern is also growing about the resources being used to produce packaging, the recyclability 
of packaging and the volume of packaging. This concern has led to commitments by some leading 
manufacturers, including Unilever, to minimise resource inputs and increase the recyclability of 
packaging. 

From a purely business perspective, discarding plastic makes zero sense. Plastic packaging waste 
represents an $80 billion loss to the global economy every year.  A more circular approach is needed, 
where we not only use less packaging, but design the packaging we do use so it can be reused or 
recycled.  In a circular economy, materials are regenerated and constantly flow around a ‘closed loop’ 
system, rather than being used a few times and then discarded. It means that the value of materials, 
including plastics, is not lost by being thrown away. 

1Ellen MacArthur Foundation 

A refreshed strategy 
In 2016 we reviewed our sustainable packaging strategy, acknowledging the growing concerns of 
governments, NGOs and the general public on the issue of packaging waste in the environment. We 
assessed our achievements so far and identified areas where we could push ourselves even further. 
Our refreshed strategy commits us to accelerate our efforts towards a circular economy. Materials can 
be regenerated and constantly flow round a ‘closed loop’ system, rather than being used once and 
then discarded. This includes how we manage and use packaging waste once the consumer has 
finished with it. 

We want to help lead the way towards a circular plastics economy. So, in January 2017, we 
committed to ensuring that 100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, 
recyclable or compostable by 2025. This target builds on our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets 
of halving the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020 and increasing the recycled 
plastic content in our packaging to 25% by 2025. 

As part of our latest target, we will ensure that there are established, proven examples of it being 
commercially viable for plastics re-processors to recycle the material and make it technically possible 
for all our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled.  

In developing markets, where sachets are most popular, infrastructure for recycling is often limited 
and leftover sachets can end up in landfill, or littering the streets, waterways and oceans. Over the 
last four years, we have co-developed a new technology using a chemical process called CreaSolv™. 
The technology produces quality polymers that can be used to make plastic that can be used again 
and again – offering the potential for a circular economy model.  We have proven through large scale 
industrial trails that CreaSolv™ is a technically viable solution to recycling sachets. We will be trialling 
the use of CreaSolv™ at a commercial scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 2018.  

We're collaborating with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and their New Plastics Economy initiative, by 
committing to publish the full “palette” of plastics materials that we use in our packaging by 2020, to 
help create the Global Plastics Protocol - a plastics protocol for the industry.  Focusing on the three 
themes of recycling, re-use and recyclability, the new plastics economy represents systems-level 
change, and working with others in the plastic packaging sector is critical to its success. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our commitment 
We aim to halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020. Our environmental 
targets are expressed on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a 
product. We have taken a lifecycle approach with a baseline of 2010. 

Progress to date 
We have reduced our waste footprint, versus our 2010 baseline, by 29% per consumer use in 2017.* 

In addition, we have made a significant reduction in reducing waste from manufacturing. In 2017 we 
achieved a reduction in total waste of 98%† per tonne of production since 2008. 

*Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. 

†Independently assured by PwC 

Future challenges 
To move to a circular economy approach we will need to fundamentally rethink the way we design our 
products and packaging. This means carefully considering the systems in which our products flow. 

We hope that CreaSolv™ will transform sachets from a global problem into a sustainable economic 
opportunity. But as an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection that 
supports the process - creating a circular model all can share.   

No business can create a circular economy in isolation - nor can we simply 'join' a wider circular 
economy until it actually exists. There are many elements which are outside our control, such as 
selective collection of packaging waste, little or no infrastructure and limited investment in the waste 
industry. We will continue to work with other businesses and urge governments to implement policies 
and frameworks that facilitate this fundamental shift. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Targets & performance 
We have an ambitious commitment to halve the waste associated with the disposal 
of our products. 

Waste and packaging 

OUR COMMITMENT 
Halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.* 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, our waste impact has reduced by 29% since 2010.* 

OUR PERFORMANCE 
We are more than halfway towards meeting our 2020 commitment to reduce the waste 
associated with the disposal of our products. Our total footprint per consumer use has reduced 
by 29% since 2010* as we design packs which use less materials and as recycling rates 
increase. 

We are making strong progress against our commitment in areas where we have direct control 
such as in reducing waste in our own operations and in the design of our products. For 
example, we have removed thousands of tonnes of plastic from our Lifebuoy soap bar 
wrappers and Sunsilk shampoo bottles. 

Infrastructure improvements in recycling and recovery have also contributed to our 
performance, however, we are finding the challenge for post-consumer waste is in 
encouraging consumers to recycle, and having the right infrastructure in place to ensure 
materials are recovered and re-used.  

We work in partnership with others, including through industry collaboration initiatives, to 
stimulate recycling and recovery infrastructure, particularly for materials which are more 
complex to recycle, such as sachets in developing countries. For example, we are using 
pyrolysis to convert sachet waste into an industrial fuel.  We have also co-developed a new 
technology using a chemical process called CreaSolv™. The aim is to recycle high-value 
polymers from used sachets, so they can be used again to make recyclable plastic packaging 
– offering the potential for a circular-economy model for sachets. 

In 2016 we reviewed our packaging waste strategy, and committed to including at least 25% 
recycled plastic in our plastic packaging by 2025. In 2017 we further committed to ensuring 
that all our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable 
by 2025. 

*Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This means a single use, portion or serving of a product. 

Achieved  4 

 On-Plan 6 

  Off-Plan  0 

% of target achieved 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme 
across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Reduce waste from manufacturing waste  

• 

By 2020 total waste sent for disposal 
will be at or below 2008 levels despite 
significantly higher volumes. 

We achieved our target in 2012 with 76,000 
fewer tonnes of total waste than in 2008, a 
51% reduction per tonne of production. 

This represents a reduction of around 40% 
per tonne of production. 

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents an 
80% reduction per tonne of production and 
a 70% absolute reduction. 

• 

• 

By 2015 all manufacturing sites will 
achieve zero non-hazardous waste to 
landfill. 

All newly built factories will aim to 
generate less than half the waste of 
those in our 2008 baseline. 

In 2017 we disposed of 147,444 fewer 
tonnes of total waste than in 2008, a 98%† 
reduction per tonne of production. 

Compared to 1995, this represents a 99.3% 
reduction in absolute terms. 

We achieved zero non-hazardous waste to 
landfill across our global factory network by 
end 2014. In 2017, we sent 0.07% of the 
non-hazardous waste generated in the year 
to landfill from 11 of our sites.* 

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India and 
Iran started production in 2017. When fully 
operational each aims to generate less than 
half the waste of those in our 2008 baseline. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Although we achieved our waste disposal target in 2012 – eight years ahead of schedule – we 
have gone further, continuing to drive improvements. In 2017 we disposed of 147,444 fewer tonnes 
of total waste than in 2008 - a 98%† reduction per tonne of production. 

We achieved our target of zero non-hazardous waste to landfill one year early, at the end of 2014. 
We believe this was a first for a company of our scale in our industry. Our focus since has been on 
maintaining zero non-hazardous waste to landfill, recognising that this is about an ongoing journey 
rather than achieving this for a moment in time. 

In 2017, 11 sites disposed of a small amount of non-hazardous waste to landfill. We take any 
lapses very seriously. We are confident our overall achievement is still industry leading and we 
have robust procedures in place to highlight any issues so that remedial action can be swiftly taken. 

By replicating our zero waste model in other parts of our business, nearly 400 additional non-
manufacturing sites have also eliminated non-hazardous waste to landfill. 

* We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non-hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our manufacturing sites worldwide.  However, incidents can occur where 
small amounts of non-hazardous waste are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g. acquisitions or supplier issues.  We consider ZWL is 
maintained when less than 0.5% of non-hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12-month period. 

†Independently assured by PwC 

Going beyond zero waste to landfill 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reusable, recyclable or compostable plastic packaging 

By 2025 all of our plastic packaging will be 
designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or 
compostable. 

By the end of 2018, we will publish the 
percentage of our plastic packaging portfolio 
that is fully recyclable. We are exploring new 
technologies, business models and 
distribution mechanisms, as well as 
alternative materials, to drive our progress 
on developing further recyclable, reusable 
and compostable packaging solutions.* 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Treating plastic packaging as a valuable resource is a key priority in accelerating our efforts to a 
circular economy. 

In January 2017 we announced that all our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, 
recyclable or compostable by 2025. As part of this target, we will ensure it is technically possible 
and commercially viable for our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled. We have also 
committed to invest in proving, and then sharing with the industry, a technical solution to recycle 
multi-layered sachets, particularly for coastal areas which are most at risk of plastics leaking into 
the ocean. 

*We are further developing our data collection and reporting systems to enable independent assurance in the future. 

Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy 

Reduce packaging

By 2020 we will reduce the weight of 
packaging that we use by one third through: 

•  Lightweighting materials 

•  Optimising structural and material 

design 

•  Developing concentrated versions of 

our products 

•  Eliminating unnecessary packaging 

The weight per consumer use has 
decreased by 13% in 2017 compared to 
2010. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Our results show that our efforts in the last few years to reduce packaging through innovations, 
lightweighting and material switching are now becoming visible. The results are also impacted by 
the effect of acquisitions and disposals. 

Commercialising MuCell™ moulding technology has allowed us to reduce the plastic component in 
bottles by up to 15% versus the previous bottle. We estimate that this will bring significant 
reductions in the amount of plastics we use once applied to other products. Other examples of 
reduction initiatives include the use of compression injection technology in many of our tubs, 
conversion of bottles to flexible refill pouches and smart use of design strategy and technology 
enabling us to reduce layers within many of our sachets. 
Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Recycle packaging

•  Working in partnership with industry, 
governments and NGOs, we aim to 
increase recycling and recovery rates 
on average by 5% by 2015 and by 15% 
by 2020 in our top 14 countries. For 
some this means doubling or even 
tripling existing recycling rates. We will 
make it easier for consumers to recycle 
our packaging by using materials that 
best fit the end-of-life treatment facilities 
available in their countries. 

•  By 2025 we will increase the recycled 

plastic material content in our packaging 
to 25%. This will act as a catalyst to 
increase recycling rates. 

8% increase in recycling and recovery rates 
in 2017, over the 2010 average Recycling 
and Recovery Index (RRI), averaged across 
our top 14 countries. 

Around 4,850 tonnes of post-consumer 
recycled materials incorporated into our rigid 
plastic packaging in 2017. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Recycling and recovery is a challenging target because we are reliant on public policy, 
infrastructure and consumer engagement. Despite this, we have seen an improvement in our 
recycling rate. The volume of materials recycled or recovered increased by 8% over 2016-2017 
compared to our 2010 baseline.  

In 2017 we saw an increase in the volume of post-consumer recycled materials incorporated into 
our rigid plastic packaging. For example, in Argentina, we increased the content of recycled 
polyethylene terephthalate (rPET) in Cif bottles to 50% in 2017.  

Availability of recycled content at an acceptable quality level remains a key challenge for us in 
many of our markets around the world. We have therefore started collaboration initiatives focused 
on producing quality recyclates which we are trialling in many of our packaging formats.  

Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy 

Tackle sachet waste 

Our goal is to develop and implement a 
sustainable business model for handling 
our sachet waste streams by 2015. 

We continue to investigate the potential of 
new technologies in both developed and 
developing markets. Progress has been 
slower than we originally anticipated, 
however we feel that we are two thirds of 
the way there and will have a viable solution 
in the near future. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Our aim is to develop a closed loop system for sachet waste. This will allow us to continue to 
provide the price and convenience of sachets to low-income consumers, while tackling the 
environmental issues associated with their use. These include litter and recyclability. 

Over the last four years, we have co-developed a new technology using a chemical process called 
CreaSolv™. The technology produces quality polymers that can be used to make plastic that can 
be used again and again – offering the potential for a circular economy model. We have proven 
through large scale industrial trails that CreaSolv™ is a technically viable solution to recycling 
sachets.  

We will be trialling the use of CreaSolv™ at a commercial scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 
2018. As an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection that supports 
the process - creating a circular model all can share. We hope that CreaSolv™ will transform 
sachets from a global problem into a sustainable economic opportunity. 
Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy 

Eliminate PVC 

We will eliminate PVC (polyvinyl chloride) 
from all packaging by 2012 (where 
technical solutions exist). 

99% of PVC packaging removed from our 
portfolio by end 2012. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have made very good progress in eliminating PVC from our packaging, including from the 
acquisitions we have made in recent years. 

We have a robust system in place to ensure that any PVC entering the business through 
acquisitions is swiftly dealt with, and where there are no viable replacement options, such as the 
PVC used within the seals of metal lids, we are working with suppliers to develop appropriate 
technology to replace these materials. Replacement solutions can take many years to develop as 
they need to meet the functional requirements of manufacturing, filling and consumer use.

Reduce office waste

• 

In our top 21 countries, at least 90% of 
our office waste will be reused, 
recycled or recovered by 2015 and we 
will send zero waste to landfill by 
2017. 

•  By 2015 we will reduce paper 

consumption by 30% per head in our 
top 21 countries. 

•  We will eliminate paper in our 

invoicing, goods receipt, purchase 
order processes, financial reporting 
and employee expense processing by 
2015, where legally allowable and 
technically possible. 

100% of our office waste was reused, 
recycled or recovered and we sent zero 
waste to landfill in our top 21 countries in 
2017. 

We achieved our target in 2013 with paper 
consumed per occupant 37% lower than 
2010. In 2016 we reached a 62% reduction 
against our 2010 baseline. 

By 2015, 73% of our in-scope Business and 
Finance Services processes were completed 
electronically. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR PERSPECTIVE 
By the end of 2017, we achieved our target of zero waste to landfill at our in-scope sites in our top 
21 countries. We have extended our waste reduction efforts beyond our top 21 countries and an 
additional 33 sites are now zero waste to landfill. 

Paper consumption per occupant is now 62% lower than our 2010 baseline in our top 21 countries 
and we will continue to push consumption lower. 

Although 73% of our in-scope transactions (excluding financial reporting and employee expense 
processes) were completed electronically in 2015, subsequent progress has been challenging. 
Some countries do not yet allow electronic invoicing and we have found there is still a reluctance 
amongst some suppliers to accept e-invoicing. Despite these challenges, we remain committed to 
eliminating paper in our business and financial services processes. 

Reducing waste from our offices 

 
 
 
 Waste & packaging

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Our waste footprint
Measuring the waste and packaging impact of our products includes the

recycling of our packaging and amount of leftover product in our packaging.

This enables us to set ambitious targets, transparently report our

performance and assess our progress towards our commitment to halve the

waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.*

Why do we measure our waste footprint?
We measure our waste footprint to track our progress towards halving the waste

associated with the disposal of our products by 2020. We use over 2 million tonnes of

packaging each year, ranging from paper, board, metals such as aluminium, steel and

glass, to plastics and mixed material laminates that we use in our sachets and

pouches.

How do we calculate our waste footprint?
We measure our waste impact by quantifying packaging material that has not been

reused, recycled or recovered, and the amount of product left over in primary

packaging (for example, a mayonnaise bottle) after consumer use. This helps us to

develop packaging material that is light yet sufficiently solid to protect the quality of our

products. It also helps us design our packs so that as little product is left behind as

possible when our consumers dispose of the packaging after use.

We’re also looking at packaging waste in the context of the local recycling

infrastructure. If systems are in place to recycle packaging – and capture the value

contained in the packaging that’s been thrown away ­ this reduces the overall

environmental impact of the packaging waste. We track this as our aim is to choose

packaging materials that are recycled or recovered in the countries where we sell our

products.

We’ve been calculating our waste footprint since 2010, with data from a representative

group of products in all our 12 sub­divisions: Beverages, Deodorants, Dressings, Hair

Care, Household Care, Ice Cream, Laundry, Oral Care, Savoury, Skin Care, Skin

Cleansing, and Spreads and Cooking. Our footprint calculation focuses on 14 key

countries (Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico,

Netherlands, Russia, South Africa, Turkey, UK, and the US), which represent around

60­70% of our sales volume.

We calculate our waste impact annually, both at an absolute level and ‘per consumer

use’, for example the waste impact of someone eating one serving of soup. These

measurements enable us to see where we are making improvements and where we

still have work to do, such as by further light­weighting our packs and using more

recyclable materials.

Our 2017 waste footprint
Our absolute waste footprint is around 739 kilotonnes, which is equivalent to 0.6g

waste per consumer use. In 2017, we reduced our waste impact per consumer use by

29% compared to 2010.* This reduction was achieved through a combination of:

disposing of brands with packaging which was not widely recycled in the country of

sale (e.g. Ragu glass jars in the US); improvements in the recycling and recovery of

packaging materials; and packaging innovations which have reduced the weight of

materials used.

Our analysis shows that primary packaging accounts for over 60% of our total waste

footprint. Products within our Laundry, Hair Care and Beverages sub­divisions make

the largest contribution to our waste footprint, accounting for more than one­third of our

total waste footprint.

Our footprint graphic below shows the contribution of primary and secondary

packaging ­ minus national recycling and recovery rates (specific to each of the 14

countries where we measure our footprint) ­ to our total waste footprint. We also

account for product leftovers ­ the product left behind in the primary pack when a

consumer discards it. Together, these make up the waste footprint related to the

disposal of our products.

Measured 1 July 2016 – 30 June 2017.

We also annually measure the reduction in the weight of our packaging, which is

reported in Waste Targets & Performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/waste­and­packaging/). The waste generated by our manufacturing operations

is measured as part of our eco­efficiency in manufacturing programme (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/).

* Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis. This

means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­packaging/)



Our metrics (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­
reporting/independent­assurance/)



Previous

Reducing food loss and waste

Next 

Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 Waste & packaging

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a
more circular economy
We want to move towards a more circular economy, so that more plastic

packaging has the best possible opportunity to be reused or recycled.

Plastic packaging: a growing problem

Every minute the equivalent of one rubbish truck of plastic is leaking into streams and

rivers, ultimately ending up in the ocean. This has a devastating impact on marine

wildlife. An estimated 100 million marine animals die each year due to discarded

plastic. And the problem is set to get worse. The Ellen MacArthur Foundation report on

the  New Plastics Economy (PDF | 1MB)

(https://www.ellenmacarthurfoundation.org/assets/downloads/New­Plastics­

Economy_Catalysing­Action_13­1­17.pdf) estimated that by 2050, there will be more

plastic than fish in the world’s oceans.

The root causes of ocean plastic are complex, but it is clear that urgent action is

needed on multiple fronts. One area of direct concern for Unilever is the fact that just

14% of the plastic packaging used globally makes its way to recycling plants, a third is

left in fragile ecosystems and 40% ends up in landfill.

So, how did we end up here? Cheap, flexible and multipurpose plastic has become the

ubiquitous material of today’s fast­moving economy. Modern society would be lost

without it. The linear ‘take­make­dispose’ model of consumption means that products

get manufactured, bought, used once or twice for the purpose they were made, and

then thrown away. Most packaging rarely gets a second use. As a consumer goods

company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and consequences of this linear model.

And we want to change it.

Moving away from the linear ‘take­make­dispose’ model of consumption is a key

priority in achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goal on Sustainable

Consumption and Production (SDG12). From a purely economic perspective,

discarding plastic makes zero sense. According to the World Economic Forum, plastic

packaging waste represents an $80–120 billion loss to the global economy every year.

A more circular approach is needed, where we not only use less packaging, but design

the packaging we do use so it can be reused, recycled or composted.



What is a circular economy?

A circular economy is restorative and regenerative by design. This means that

materials constantly flow around a ‘closed loop’ system, rather than being used

once and then discarded. As a result, the value of materials, including plastics,

is not lost by being thrown away.

The benefits of the circular economy approach are clear for business and the

environment – more effective use of materials means lower costs and less waste. It

means new sources of value for customers and consumers, better risk management of

raw materials, and improved approaches to the supply chain.

Transforming our use of plastic packaging by
2025

We want to help lead the way towards a circular economy for all our packaging

materials – but especially plastic. In January 2017, we committed to ensuring that

100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or

compostable by 2025.

To help create an end market for this material, we also committed to increase the

recycled plastic content in our packaging to at least 25% by 2025. This plastic

packaging target builds on our existing Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) of reducing

the weight of our packaging by one third by 2020 and halving the waste associated

with the disposal of our products by 2020.

We are among a small but growing number of brands, retailers and packaging

companies to make plastic packaging commitments. But more needs to be done to

make reusable, recyclable and compostable plastic the new normal. That begins by

making it technically possible for all our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled –

but it also means demonstrating that there are established, proven examples of it

being commercially viable for plastics re­processors to recycle the material.

“

As a consumer goods industry, we need to go much

further, much faster, in addressing the challenge of

single-use plastics by leading a transition away from

the linear take-make-dispose model of consumption,

to one which is truly circular by design.

Paul Polman, former Unilever CEO

”

We’re embedding circular thinking
No business can create a circular economy for plastic packaging in isolation. A circular

economy has to be created. We're working in five broad, interdependent areas to

achieve this change:

1. Rethinking how we design our products: using our Design for Recyclability

guidelines that we launched in 2014 and revised in 2017, we’re exploring areas

such as modular packaging, design for disassembly and reassembly, wider use of

refills, recycling and using post­consumer recycled materials in innovative ways.

2. Driving systemic change in circular thinking at an industry level: such as through

our work with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and the Global Plastics Protocol.

3. Working with governments to create an environment that enables the creation of a

circular economy, including the necessary infrastructure to collect and recycle

materials.

4. Working with consumers in areas such as recycling – to ensure they’re clear on

different disposal methods (eg recycling labels in the US) – and collection facilities

(eg Waste Bank in Indonesia).

5. Exploring radical and innovative approaches to circular economy thinking through

new business models.

Find out more about how we are taking action in each of these five areas below.

Rethinking how we design our packaging
Sometimes a new design or a whole new way of packaging products is the best way to

reduce our impact. We focus our efforts in three areas: reducing our use of materials,

using more recycled content and ensuring our packaging is recyclable or compostable.

Reducing our use of materials

While we’re continuing to look for ways to develop completely new packaging

solutions, we're also focusing on using lighter, stronger and better materials which

have a lower environmental impact.

We aim to optimise materials each time we redesign our packaging or develop

concentrated or compressed versions of our products. But this can be a challenging

process. It can take significant investment and ingenuity to reduce the amount of

material in a pack, even by just one gram. However, the return on investment is worth

it when our innovations successfully reduce the packaging and waste impact in our

value chain, and result in material cost savings and increased sales.

We’re collaborating with suppliers, academics, start­ups and other organisations to

develop new technologies. This ensures a constant flow of innovative solutions to help

us achieve our targets. Recent innovations to optimise our packaging include:

By combining the technology of a thinner polyethylene layer with a stronger

polymer and smart polyethylene design in our Home Care brands' flexible

packaging, such as sachets and pouches, we reduced polymer use by 1,400

tonnes in 2017.

In 2017, we launched our redesigned lighter weight Hellmann's mayonnaise jars,

saving 367 tonnes of glass.

Innovations such as the foamed plastic layer in the middle of plastic bottle walls

using MuCell™ Technology – which we developed in collaboration with MuCell and

Alpla in 2014 – reduced plastic use by up to 15% per bottle. In 2017, we launched

our Dove hand wash bottles with MuCell™ Technology, which has saved 304

tonnes.

At the end of 2016, we relaunched our Ponds Age Miracle cream in the Philippines,

Indonesia and Vietnam, with a redesigned jar and cap. The redesigned packaging

saved a combined total of around 84 tonnes of glass, plastic and paper in these

three markets in 2017.

In 2015, we implemented injection compression technology to cut plastic use in

some of our food tubs in Europe, saving around 21 tonnes of plastic in 2017 –

without impacting the quality of the product packaging.

In China, as in most countries, the majority of ice cream cartons are laminated to

survive freezers temperatures. This means that the cartons have a low recycling

rate. So, we worked with an ink supplier and carton converter to develop a matt UV

varnish to replace the film. This could cut packaging waste in China by around 300

tonnes per year.

Refills also visibly reduce the volume of plastic used in our packaging, and have the

added benefit of being more affordable for people. We’ve been selling refills since

2012. In 2017, we launched refills across our Rexona body wash in Brazil and Dove

shampoo in India.

Using more recycled materials in our plastic bottles

We began using recycled materials in our plastic bottles in 2013. In 2017, we

committed to increase the recycled plastic content in our packaging to at least 25% by

2025.

Spotlight

Love Beauty and Planet

Our new Love Beauty and Planet range in the US – launched in 2018 – has put

packaging at the centre of its consumer proposition. Its packaging is made from

100% recycled materials and is also 100% recyclable. One new innovation is

the use of a special adhesive which makes it easier to remove labels cleanly at

the recycling facility.

The caps and pumps are not yet made from recycled content but we have a

commitment to use at least 50% recycled plastic in pumps and caps by 2020.

The brand also contributes $40 per tonne of carbon to a carbon tax fund which

helps to reduce carbon emissions, and fund initiatives that encourage higher

recycling rates and set up recycling communities.

In 2017, we used around 4,850 tonnes of post­consumer recycled plastic in our

packaging, such as high­density polyethylene (HDPE) and polyethylene terephthalate

(PET) in our plastic bottles.

We want to use far more in the future and recapture our own packaging. But factors

such as the availability of high­quality waste materials, legislation on food contact and

creating a viable business case can all make this challenging.

To address these challenges, we must be both innovative and collaborative. That

ranges from ensuring we use recyclable materials at the outset and making them

recyclable after use, to tackling wider infrastructural issues such as local collection and

sorting facilities, to building the technical and commercial viability of reprocessing them

at scale.

Despite these challenges, we’ve made progress. In 2013, we launched bottles of Knorr

salad dressings in South Africa containing 30% of recycled PET (rPET) – this

increased to 35% in 2017. In 2014, we launched Cif bottles replacing PET with 40%

rPET across Argentina, increasing the content to 50% in 2017.

In 2015, we started using 25% of rPET in the manufacturing of our fabric conditioner

bottles in France, Italy, the Netherlands and the UK. And in 2017, we launched more

bottles containing rHDPE and rPET, including our Organics range in South Africa, with

50% rHDPE and Caress in the US with 50% rPET.

Ensuring our plastic packaging is recyclable or compostable

In 2017, we made a commitment to ensure that 100% of our plastic packaging will be

designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025. In Chile, for

example, we moved from a non­recyclable folding carton across three detergent

brands – Omo, Drive and Rinso – to a 100% polyethylene (HDPE) bag which is

recyclable, saving 1,634 tonnes a year.

Spotlight

Brewing up breakthroughs with biodegradable tea bags

As we continue to look for ways to achieve our target, we've found a way to use

a plant­based material for tea bags derived from renewable sources such as

corn starch, which can be industrially composted.

Our Saga brand in Poland, Red Rose in Canada, and SariMelati and SariMurni

teas in Indonesia have adapted their manufacturing process to use plant­based

materials. In March 2018, we launched our first fully biodegradable PG tips tea

bags in the UK, made with corn starch. The aim is for all PG tips tea bags to

use the new material by the end of 2018.

Driving systemic change in circular thinking at an
industry level

“

By committing to ambitious circular economy goals for

plastic packaging, Unilever is contributing to tangible

system change and sending a strong signal to the

entire fast-moving consumer goods industry.

Combining upstream measures on design and

materials with post-use strategies demonstrates the

system-wide approach that is required to turn the New

Plastics Economy into reality.

Dame Ellen MacArthur

”

The movement to a circular economy approach for plastics requires change across

more than just our industry. We need more circular thinking as a business and we

have to work with others. We're collaborating with the  Ellen MacArthur Foundation

(https://www.ellenmacarthurfoundation.org/) and their  New Plastics Economy

initiative (https://newplasticseconomy.org/about), by committing to publish the full

‘palette’ of plastics materials that we use in our packaging by 2020.

We are also supporting the creation of a Global Plastics Protocol – a plastics protocol

for the industry setting commonly agreed definitions and industry standards on what

materials are put into the marketplace, to ensure our packaging is compatible with

existing and cost­effective recycling infrastructures.

Focusing on the three themes of recycling, reuse and recyclability, the New Plastics

Economy represents systems­level change, and working with others in the plastic

packaging sector is critical to its success.



A call to action

At Davos 2018, Unilever announced four key actions the consumer goods

industry should take to create the systemic change required and accelerate the

transition to a circular economy:

1. For companies to invest in innovation towards new delivery models that

promote reuse.

3. For more companies to commit to 100% reusable, recyclable or compostable

packaging by 2025 and set stretching targets for using post­consumer

recycled content.

5. For a Global Plastics Protocol setting commonly agreed definitions and

industry standards on what materials are put into the marketplace, to ensure

our packaging is compatible with existing and cost­effective recycling

infrastructures.

7. For companies to engage positively in policy discussions with governments

on the need for improvements to waste management infrastructure, including

the implementation of Extended Producer Responsibility schemes.

Developing a market for post-consumer recycled materials

Closing the loop on plastic packaging, so that used packaging is viewed as a valuable

resource rather than thrown away, is a major opportunity – and a major challenge. In

many markets, high­quality, post­consumer recycled material (also known as PCR) is

difficult to source and so is often sold at a premium.

Greater manufacturer demand for post­consumer recycled materials will produce an

increasingly attractive business case for re­processing services, and will also act as a

catalyst to increase the collection and reprocessing of materials.

Partnering with industry to rethink flexible packaging

In 2016, Unilever joined an initiative called  CEFLEX (https://ceflex.eu/), a

consortium of around 60 European companies, organisations and associations across

the entire value chain of flexible packaging including: raw materials suppliers,

packaging converters, brand owners and retailers, producer responsibility

organisations, collectors, sorters and recyclers, as well as other technology suppliers

and potential end users of the secondary raw materials.

CEFLEX continues the work of the projects FIACE (EU) and REFLEX (UK) which both

sought to quantify the added value of flexible packaging and identify opportunities to

increase recycling. Its mission is to make flexible packaging more relevant to the

circular economy by advancing better system design solutions. By 2020, it aims to

develop robust ‘Design for a Circular Economy’ guidelines for both flexible packaging

and the end of cycle infrastructure to collect, sort and recycle. And by 2025, it aims to

develop a collection, sorting and reprocessing infrastructure for post­consumer flexible

packaging across Europe.

Working with governments

 
 
 
To move to a more circular economy approach we need to fundamentally rethink the

way we design our products and packaging. This means carefully considering the

systems in which our products flow – and working with national governments to

develop waste infrastructure.

We cannot succeed alone. There are many elements which are outside our control,

such as selective collection of packaging waste, little or no infrastructure and limited

investment in the waste industry.

We continue to work with governments to develop policies and frameworks that

facilitate this fundamental shift, including the implementation of Extended Producer

Responsibility schemes.

Spotlight

Closing the loop on sachet waste

One area where we are making progress on developing the waste

infrastructure within a country through multi­stakeholder partnerships, is small

multi­layered sachets in Indonesia.

Sachets are a type of flexible plastic packaging. They give people on low

incomes a convenient and affordable way to buy anything from shampoo to

food to toothpaste – creating less waste per millilitre of product than bottles.

Despite the benefits, they also pose a serious waste challenge.

In developing markets, where sachets are most popular, infrastructure for

recycling is often limited and leftover sachets can end up in landfill, or litter the

streets, waterways and oceans.

Until recently, it was not possible to recycle the sachets that we use. Over the

last four years, we’ve co­developed a new technology with the Fraunhofer

Institute for Process Engineering and Packaging IVV in Germany that solves

this problem.

CreaSolv® is a breakthrough chemical process that recycles sachets and turns

them into safe, high­quality polymers for use again and again – including in our

non­food packaging sachets. It enables us to recover six kilos of pure polymers

with the same energy effort as the production of one kilo of virgin polymer,

reducing the CO2 footprint of sachets.

The sachets we plan to recycle won’t just be ours – they will be a mix of all the

sachets discarded by consumers, whether made by us or by our competitors.

And the recycled resin we produce can be used by anyone, not just Unilever.

Alongside an infrastructure for collecting and processing sachets – which we

are also working on with the relevant Indonesian ministries – CreaSolv® offers

the potential for a circular economy model and is a win­win for business and

the environment. We will be trialling the use of CreaSolv® on a commercial

scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 2018.

As an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection

that supports the process – creating a circular model we can all share. We

hope that CreaSolv® will transform sachets from a global problem into a

sustainable economic opportunity.

CreaSolv® is a registered trademark of CreaCycle GmbH

Working with consumers to promote recycling
Collecting and sorting recyclable materials plays an important part in ensuring they can

be reused. Consumers, therefore, have a vital role in the circular economy. Our aim is

to promote recycling among consumers, raise awareness at government and NGO

level, and help workers economically. We have a number of projects to encourage

consumers to recycle more and to help people make recycling a lifelong habit.

In Brazil, for example, we work with Consumer Goods Forum companies and NGO

CEMPRE to increase the types of materials recycled, drop­off points for used

packaging, and co­operatives to sort materials. Our partner, Brazilian retailer Pão de

Açúcar, has drop­off points in their stores where consumers can bring used packaging,

and our brands engage with consumers to encourage recycling. This initiative has

collected over 100,000 tonnes of material since the programme began 15 years ago.

In 2017, we supported 94 recycling stations across 27 cities, and 21 co­operatives that

generate income (directly and indirectly) for over 3,170 people.

Incentivising behaviour change is a big part of inspiring lifelong recycling habits. That’s

why, in Argentina, we have started a partnership with the Buenos Aires City

Government and retailers in the area to increase the volume of recycled material

available to packaging producers. Consumers are offered discount benefits to

encourage them to bring their waste packaging to government recycling points.

Spotlight

Community Waste Bank Programme in Indonesia

In some countries, waste can be seen as an opportunity for enhancing

livelihoods, with many informal but highly organised networks collecting waste

for recycling. In Indonesia, we initiated our Community Waste Bank

Programme, empowering communities to manage their domestic waste.

Through our Unilever Indonesia Foundation, we help communities in 18 cities

to develop a system where they can collect inorganic waste and sell it based on

its value. The money received is saved within the community waste bank and

can be cashed in over time. The system works like a regular bank, except that

waste is deposited instead of money.

In 2017, 2,615 community waste banks with 344,000 members collected 6,125

tonnes of packaging waste, worth 8.4 billion IDR. Since 2012, the waste banks

have collected a total of 17,893 tonnes of packaging waste, worth 23.44 billion

IDR. We also collaborated with local municipalities, and developed 11 sectoral

and three city level waste banks. These support small waste banks to channel

waste, ultimately reducing the volume sent to landfill. In 2018, the programme

started a flexible waste pilot in East Java also collecting pouches.

Exploring radical and innovative approaches
New business models and innovations, using circular economy principles, are

transforming traditional take­make­dispose thinking with incredible speed.

Unilever wants to be part of the circular economy revolution and we are committed to

pioneering breakthroughs in packaging waste. Take our recent partnership

(/news/press­releases/2018/unilever­to­pioneer­breakthrough­food­packaging­

technology­together­with­ioniqa­and­indorama­ventures.html) with start­up company

Ioniqa and the largest global producer of PET resin, Indorama Ventures, to pioneer a

new technology, which converts PET waste back into virgin grade material for use in

food packaging. 

This innovation is particularly exciting because it could unlock one of the major barriers

today – making all forms of recycled PET suitable for food packaging. Indeed, making

the PET stream fully circular would be a major milestone towards this ambition, not just

helping Unilever, but transforming industry at large.

This is just one example, but many more breakthroughs are needed if we are to move

towards a more circular economy – in doing so, unlocking the economic prize for

business.

Related links

Downloads



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)



Unilever’s position on
packaging and the circular
economy
PDF | 310KB
(/Images/packaging­and­the­
circular­economy­position­
statement_tcm244­
423161_en.pdf)



Bioplastics Position Statement
PDF | 175KB
(/Images/bioplastics­position­
statement­typo­amends­nov­
2015_tcm244­423101_en.pdf)



Previous

Our waste footprint

Going beyond zero waste to landfill

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

 Waste & packaging

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Going beyond zero waste to landfill
We achieved our target of sending zero non­hazardous waste to landfill

from our factories in 2014, six years ahead of schedule. We're focused on

maintaining that performance while reducing our waste at source.

Building on the achievements of our zero waste
mindset
We think a business can make a real contribution to the global effort of 'doing more

and better with less'. Our experience of working to reduce waste makes us believe that

not only is it possible, it’s good for business. This is the kind of responsible

consumption and production called for by  UN Sustainable Development Goal 12

(http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable­consumption­production/).

In December 2014, we achieved our target to send zero non­hazardous waste to

landfill (ZNHWL)* across our global network of 242 factories in 67 countries. This

means that the non­hazardous waste that was previously sent to landfill is now reused,

recycled or recovered.**

We're proud of this achievement, which we believe was a world first on this scale in

our industry.

We think the model that drove our factory achievements is repeatable beyond a

manufacturing environment. So, we set out to extend our zero waste mindset to other

parts of our business. By February 2016, nearly 400 additional Unilever sites

(/news/press­releases/2016/Unilever­announces­new­global­zero­waste­to­landfill­

achievement.html) had achieved zero non­hazardous waste to landfill, including

offices, distribution centres and warehouses in 70 countries.

Maintaining our zero waste to landfill
performance
Although we achieved our zero waste to landfill ahead of schedule, we still have a job

to do to ensure that we maintain our performance. We make sure that our newly­built

factories, or ones we acquire, don’t send non­hazardous waste to landfill.

In 2017, 0.07% of our non­hazardous waste was disposed to landfill.* We take any

lapses very seriously and are confident that we have robust procedures in place to

highlight any issues so that remedial action can be swiftly taken.

Each of our sites has undertaken a detailed mapping of its mixed waste streams so

that we can consider every material we consume. We have put in place dedicated

collection and storage points to make waste segregation easier and provided training

to employees involved in waste management, who have then developed detailed

action plans for reuse, recycling or recovery. Where we find approaches that work, we

transfer them to our other sites around the world ­ and we've found solutions requiring

little, if any, investment, ensuring that our progress makes business as well as

environmental sense.

Zero waste to land ll across Unilever's global factory net……
Zero waste to land ll across Unilever's global factory net

How are we producing less waste?
We’re producing 37% less total waste

than we did in 2008, and we’ve

achieved around €262 million in

cumulative cost avoidance. Now that

we send zero non­hazardous waste to

landfill, we want to keep focusing on

minimising the amount of waste we

produce. We’re doing this in three

ways:

Refuse

37%

we’re producing

37% less total

waste than we

did in 2008

Our waste reduction journey starts

with refuse ­ that is, avoiding waste being generated in the first place. Eliminating or

reducing waste at source is the best way of cutting our environmental impact and

creates the most opportunities for savings. For instance, at many sites, we require

suppliers to use returnable pallets and containers, thereby limiting the amount of waste

that we need to manage.

Reduce

We want to be as efficient as possible at converting raw materials into products and

reducing the amount of waste generated. For example, at our St Petersburg deodorant

factory in Russia, the plastic packaging of stick deodorants can be accidentally

damaged before they leave the factory. In 2017, a new machine that removes the

product from the damaged packaging was installed, so that the plastic can be recycled

and the product repacked.

Reuse

We look for ways to reuse our materials ourselves or make them available for others.

When others reuse the materials we no longer need, we don’t count this as a waste

because it helps reduce the consumption of natural resources in other industries.

In 2017, we reused 107,000 tonnes of materials. For example, in our Port Sunlight

factory in the UK, we receive raw materials and packaging in cardboard boxes. We

have found that these boxes can be reused by other industries, such as for home

removals.

In 2017, we reused 648 tonnes of cardboard in this way. Also in 2017, in the US we

found a way to reuse any soap products that don’t meet our stringent quality standards

­ for instance if the soap we manufacture has the wrong fragrance – we can sell it to

companies who use it to wash cars.

We look at waste as a resource
A central part of our zero waste mindset has been looking at waste materials as a

potential resource. Where we have not been able to find ways to reduce or reuse

waste, we try to find routes to recycle it. And if recycling routes are not available, we

recover energy from the waste.

Recycle

The majority of our waste is recycled, sometimes in innovative ways. For instance, our

Mangalore factory in India composts organic waste and uses this to fertilise fruit

gardens that grow food for the staff canteen. At our Carrascal site in Chile, we’ve

created a garden with furniture made from pallets and plant pots made from drums.

For most sites, recycling means segregating waste into paper, plastics, metal and

glass and we can often sell this to recycling companies for them to make into new

products.

Recover

Where we have not yet found routes for recycling, we recover waste materials instead

and use them to generate energy. At many of our factories around the world, we do

this through our global partnership with the cement manufacturer LafargeHolcim and

its waste management service provider Geocycle. Our waste materials are pre­treated

and used as alternative fuel and raw material in their cement kilns. Even the ash is

used – it is fully incorporated into the cement clinker, so it doesn't leave any residues.

Another example of waste recovery is our waste tea from our Agarapathana factory in

Sri Lanka. This is used as a fuel in our boilers, which also helps reduce the carbon

emissions from our site.

Sharing the value of materials through circular
approaches
We do all we can to reduce waste inside the factories, but we’re also encouraging our

factories to ‘close the loop’ and share resources wherever they can. And, look to have

a positive impact on their surrounding communities and ecosystems.

For example, in 2017, our Knorr factory in Mendoza, Argentina, received its first crop

of leeks grown through a new project with local farmers. We produce an organic soil

conditioner by combining loose soil shaken from vegetables delivered to the factory

with nutrient­rich effluent. The farmers use this on the same fields where the

vegetables were originally grown.

Several of our sites are working with their suppliers to reduce the packaging that raw

materials are delivered in. Our Caivano factory in Italy, for instance, transports the nuts

we use in ice creams around the site in large, reusable bags rather than in cardboard

boxes, reducing cardboard waste by 20 tonnes a year.

In 2017, several of our sites extended their waste programmes to ensure that their

employees also have a way to recycle the waste they generate at home. Our Pouso

Alegre site in Brazil implemented an ‘eco­point’ recycling area for employees to use at

the entrance to the factory. And our St Petersburg factory in Russia has a similar

collection point that allows employees to dispose of hazardous waste like batteries and

mercury thermometers in a safe way.

Reducing food waste
By wasting less food, we can help increase food security. That’s why in 2015 Unilever

signed up to the Consumer Goods Forum’s commitment to measure the disposed food

waste footprint (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­waste/) from our manufacturing sites.

Through our zero non­hazardous waste to landfill achievement, we’ve already done a

lot of work to ensure all waste – including food waste – is reused, recycled or

recovered. But by working with others, we can eliminate waste on an unprecedented

scale. As the world focuses on the UN Global Goals for Sustainable Development to

end extreme poverty, fix inequality and tackle climate change by 2030, the time for us

all to drive more action on waste is now.

* We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non­hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our

manufacturing sites worldwide. However, incidents can occur where small amounts of non­hazardous waste

are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g. acquisitions or supplier issues. We consider

ZWL is maintained when less than 0.5% of non­hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12­month period.

** Non­hazardous vs hazardous classification of waste streams is determined by local legislation in the

locations where each of our factories operate. What constitutes hazardous waste differs between countries

and definitions can change frequently.

Related links

Downloads



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)



Our progress on reducing
hazardous & non­hazardous
waste (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/our­progress­
on­reducing­hazardous­and­
non­hazardous­waste/)



Reducing our non­
manufacturing waste
(/sustainable­living/reducing­





Unilever’s Basis of Preparation
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/basis­of­preparation­
2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf)

USLP: PwC’s Independent
Limited Assurance Report
2017
PDF | 281KB
(/Images/pwc­limited­
assurance­report­
2017_tcm244­
519550_1_en.pdf)

environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/going­beyond­
zero­waste­to­landfill/reducing­
waste­from­our­offices/)



Previous

Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a more circular economy

Next 

Reducing food loss and waste

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Waste
&
packaging

Our progress on reducing hazardous &
non-hazardous waste
We’re exploring how we can further cut waste at source as well as closely

monitoring our performance, so we can drive improvements across our

global factory network.

Our progress
We track our performance across our global factory network. The following charts

show how much total waste we produce, how much we recycle and recover, and the

amount of hazardous and non­hazardous waste disposed.

In 2014, we achieved zero non­hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) in our global factory

network.* This means that the non­hazardous waste that was previously sent to landfill

is now reused, recycled or recovered.

Waste material reused, recycled and recovered
(1995-2017)

100

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

20

10

0

e
t
s
a
w

l

t

a
o

t

f

o
%

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Key

Year

Waste material recycled (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Waste material recycled (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

 
 
 
Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

Total waste sent for disposal - Load per tonne of
production (1995-2017)

n
o

i
t
c
u
d
o
r
p

f

o
e
n
n
o

t
/

g
k

25

20

15

10

5

0

1
9
9
5

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Key

Year

Load per tonne of production (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Load per tonne of production (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured from 2012 onwards. https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/ (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

Total waste sent for disposal - Total load (1995-
2017)

 
 
500

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

s
e
n
n
o

t

³
0
1

Key

1
9
9
5

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Year

Total load (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Total load (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

Disposed non-hazardous waste - Load per tonne
of production (1995-2017)

n
o

i
t
c
u
d
o
r
p

f

o
e
n
n
o

t
/

g
k

25

20

15

10

5

0

1
9
9
5

1
9
9
6

1
9
9
7

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Key

Year

Load per tonne of production (Pre­2008 USLP baseline)

Load per tonne of production (Post­2008 USLP baseline)

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured from 2012 onwards. https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/ (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

In 2017, we reduced the amount of total waste generated by our manufacturing sites

by 37% per tonne of production compared to our 2008 baseline. Total waste includes

the hazardous and non­hazardous waste that is recycled, recovered or disposed.

Of the total waste we produce – including both hazardous and non­hazardous waste

that is recycled, recovered or disposed – over 96% was reused, recycled or recovered.

In 2016, we started to measure waste reuse separately, and found we reused 38,000

tonnes of waste. In 2017, we reused 107,000 tonnes of waste.

In 2017, disposed hazardous waste decreased by 42% per tonne of production

compared to 2016 and was 68% lower per tonne of production than in 2008. In 2017,

our hazardous waste accounted for 0.5% of our total waste and remains a small

component of our waste footprint.

Waste is classified as hazardous or non­hazardous according to local legislation in the

locations where each of our factories operate. What constitutes hazardous waste

differs between countries and definitions can change frequently. We are continuing to

reduce both our hazardous and non­hazardous waste as part of our continuous

improvement programmes.

* We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non­hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our

manufacturing sites worldwide. However, incidents can occur where small amounts of non­hazardous waste

are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g. acquisitions or supplier issues. We consider

ZWL is maintained when less than 0.5% of non­hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12­month period.

Related links

Downloads





Unilever’s Basis of Preparation
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/basis­of­preparation­
2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf)

USLP: PwC’s Independent
Limited Assurance Report
2017
PDF | 281KB
(/Images/pwc­limited­
assurance­report­
2017_tcm244­
519550_1_en.pdf)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)





Going beyond zero waste to
landfill (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/)

Reducing waste from our
offices (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/reducing­
waste­from­our­offices/)


Waste
&
packaging

Reducing waste from our offices
Eliminating waste is a priority in every part of our business. In 2017, we achieved our target

of sending zero waste to landfill from our offices.

Zero office waste to landfill
To reduce our waste, we focus on using less, and reusing and recycling materials more. We adopt circular

economy principles where possible and aim to treat all waste as a potential resource.

In 2017, we achieved our target of sending zero non­hazardous waste to landfill from 38 non­

manufacturing sites (offices, distribution centres and warehouses) in our top 21 countries and 100% of our

office waste being reused, recycled or recovered.* We estimate this is preventing around 1,760 tonnes of

waste going to landfill each year.

Our target covers non­hazardous waste from sites where we either own or hold the majority lease (in­

scope sites) in our top 21 countries. We have extended our waste reduction efforts beyond our top 21

countries and an additional 33 sites – which are outside the scope of reporting ­ are now zero non­

hazardous waste to landfill.

Sending zero non­hazardous waste to landfill is a requirement in our real estate, design and construction

standards. But sometimes it can be complicated to reduce waste in some non­manufacturing sites. Often,

we don’t own the site and may only occupy a small part of a building. This gives us less control over how

waste is collected and whether it is recycled. So, we’re working in partnership with our landlords and third­

party suppliers to make sure how we tackle waste is considered right from the start, whether we build or

lease new premises.

We’re using nearly 70% less paper
Paper is one of the major waste streams from

our offices. Using less paper not only saves

resources and prevents waste but also reduces

energy used for printing. Already, we’ve cut

70%

paper use per employee by almost 70% since

2010 – a significant reduction when multiplied

across our 161,000 people.

Switching to paperless billing, using digital

signatures and encouraging colleagues to print

less are all part of our efforts to cut paper use.

Pull­printing, which we began implementing in

Approximate cut

in paper use per

employee since

2010

2014, means that colleagues must scan their personal pass cards at the printer before accessing a print

job. With pull­printing, we can monitor how much people print, significantly reduce unnecessary printing,

and improve confidentiality.

As part of our Global Print Programme, we’re also reducing the overall number of printers and all printing

is set by default to be double­sided and in black and white, unless colour is needed for business reasons.

In 2017, we reviewed our fleet of printers at 58 sites and reduced it by a further 165 machines.

And digital signature technology means that fewer documents need to be printed solely for signing. In

2017, digital signatures were used on over 47,000 documents, equivalent to eliminating 34,000 printed

pages a month.

How are we reducing waste at source?
The most effective way to reduce waste is to prevent it being generated in the first place.

One of the big opportunities is to reduce single­use items, like disposable cups and plastic bags. So,

we’ve eliminated single­use plastic bags in over 80% of our staff on­site shops to encourage our people to

bring their own bags with them, with the aim of reaching 100%.

Reducing and eliminating disposable single­use paper cups is also a priority. This can be quite challenging

as some sites need to install washing facilities before they can introduce reusable cups. However, we’re

making good progress with 60% of non­manufacturing sites using reusable cups in 2017. And we’re using

what we’ve learnt to roll out reusable cups at our remaining sites.

To reduce food waste from our offices we are piloting our ‘Wise Up on Waste’ tool (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­waste/) from Unilever

Food Solutions. This produces information on when and where food waste is generated, enabling our

catering colleagues to take action to reduce it at source, and encourages our employees not to leave any

food waste.

We also look for opportunities to reuse resources, including when moving or refurbishing our offices. For

example, during a recent relocation of our head office in Stockholm, our desks were still in good condition,

but too large for the new premises. A local joiner was employed to cut them down to the right size and

paint them, ready to be reinstalled. The team also worked with the landlord to reuse glass and door panels

to build new meeting rooms, preventing waste.

What’s next?
Now that we’ve met our zero waste to landfill target, we want to use what we’ve learnt at more of our non­

manufacturing sites. We’re also looking at the types of waste we produce, and how we can further reduce

the volume that we’re generating. In particular, our focus is on waste that we can cut entirely through

changing our processes.

But we’re also looking at moving waste management up the  waste hierarchy (PDF | 300KB)

(https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/69403/pb1

waste­hierarchy­guidance.pdf), which ranks the options according to environmental impact. As well as

preventing waste from existing in the first place, we’re looking at how we can reuse resources, rather than

dispose of or even recycle materials. As part of this, we’re exploring new ideas, technologies and

partnerships so that we can move closer towards a circular economy.

* In­scope sites are where we either own or hold the majority lease and as such are able to influence the handling of waste. Zero non­

hazardous waste to landfill is achieved and maintained when 0.5% or less of non­hazardous waste (non­hazardous disposed waste

and recycled and recovered waste) across all in scope non­manufacturing sites is sent to landfill or to incineration without energy

recovery. Our 2017 data covers the period 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­
packaging/)



Going beyond zero waste to landfill (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/going­beyond­zero­waste­to­landfill/)



Our progress on reducing hazardous & non­hazardous waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/going­beyond­zero­waste­to­landfill/our­progress­
on­reducing­hazardous­and­non­hazardous­waste/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who share an

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our

interest in a sustainable future.

headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

      

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Waste & packaging

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Reducing food loss and waste
We're addressing food loss and waste across our value chain through

innovation and collaboration.

Five reasons the world must tackle food loss and
waste

There is more than enough food produced in the world to feed everyone, yet 815

1
million people – one in nine – go to bed hungry every night.

Around a third of the food produced globally is lost or wasted – that's about 1.3

2
billion tonnes each year.

28% of the world's agricultural area is used annually to produce food that is lost or

3
wasted.

Food loss and waste contributes heavily to climate change, making up around 8%

of total global greenhouse gas emissions. Around 1 billion tonnes of CO2e per year

could be avoided if globally, humanity tackled food loss and waste across the value

4
chain.

Food waste costs the global economy around US$940 billion each year.  Reducing

5

this waste across the value chain is also a major business opportunity, valued at

US$405 billion.

6

Tackling the global food system on waste
Tackling food waste is an opportunity to address food insecurity and mitigate climate

change – and it requires a global approach. It means focusing on the systems by

which food is produced, consumed and disposed of, by our industry and others.

That's a major challenge, and one we cannot address alone. Although we’re working to

reduce wasted or lost food in our value chain – through innovation, design and

outreach – we’ve got a long way to go before we can have an impact on the global

context. That’s why we're also working with partners towards this wider systemic

change.

Paul Polman, our former CEO, is a member of Champions 12.3, a global coalition of

leaders from governments, businesses and civil society, dedicated to accelerating

progress toward achieving  target 12.3 of the UN Global Goals for Sustainable

Development (https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg12).

Part of our Sustainable Nutrition strategy (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­

well­being/improving­nutrition/) focuses on reducing waste through working with our

brands, suppliers, chefs and consumers. To mend the world’s food system, our vision

is of Sustainable Nutrition – foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are

a force for good.

Consumer Goods Forum Food Waste Resolution
In 2015, we helped to shape the  Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) Food Waste

Resolution (https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/press_releases/consumer­

goods­industry­commits­to­food­waste­reduction/). This Resolution commits to halving

disposed food waste by 2025 in retail and manufacturing operations, as well as

supporting food waste reductions at consumer level and across supply chains.

During 2016­2017, we worked with the CGF and the World Resources Institute (WRI)

to develop our  reporting methodology (PDF | 333KB) (/Images/unilever­food­loss­

and­waste­methodology_tcm244­521458_en.pdf) – to measure our food waste

footprint in our direct operations – so we can aim to be as efficient as possible in our

manufacturing. We use the Global Food Loss and Waste Standard, an accounting and

reporting guide that helps quantify how much food is lost or wasted in our

manufacturing operations.

In 2016 – our benchmark year for our food waste footprint ­ from our 165 food

manufacturing operations, we disposed of 363g food waste per tonne of food

produced. In 2017, we disposed of 228g food waste per tonne of food reduced from

156 food manufacturing operations – this is a 37% reduction compared to 2016. We

send most of our food waste for reuse, recycling and energy recovery – that is, energy

generated from the incineration process. Only 0.54% of the waste from our food sites

in 2017 was disposed into landfill, sewers or incinerated without energy recovery.

As most of our food products have a long shelf­life – such as mustard, ice cream and

stock cubes – we don’t produce much food waste in our direct operations. However,

we’re continuing to reduce how much waste we generate. For example, if our ice

cream packaging lines stop working, we safely store the ice cream so it can be

packaged when the lines are fixed, rather than becoming food waste. And when raw

materials aren’t used in finished goods, we don’t want to waste them. In Argentina for

example, we use vegetable waste as soil fertiliser.

Since our food waste footprint number is very low, we have agreed with the CGF that it

is not impactful to focus on halving it by 2025. Instead, we will continue to report our

disposed food waste from manufacturing and focus our efforts on reducing food loss

and waste across our value chain. We will do this by engaging with suppliers, retailers

and consumers and advocating for food system reform.

Spotlight

"Squeeze for green"

If a tomato wasn't red, it wasn't going in. That was the traditional rule adhered

to by ketchup producers – a rule that our Hellmann's brand felt needed to be

broken. Selecting only red tomatoes meant that up to 10% of the harvest was

discarded. So, we developed a new recipe, with fresh­tasting herbs and spices,

that used green tomatoes too.

Getting the flavour right was just the beginning. Because rejecting green

tomatoes – which are firmer than red ones – had been standard industry

practice for years, our supplier's harvest and factory machinery had built in 'red

selectors'. With the next tomato harvest fast approaching, our team had to work

quickly with our tomato supplier, Agraz, to find a fix.

Agraz agreed to an innovative experiment. Instead of separating the fruit as

usual, Agraz adapted its process so it could turn off the colour­sorting machine

– and red and green could be processed together.

The result was Hellmann's Red and Green Tomato Ketchup, launched in April

2017 – with initial feedback telling us it tastes as good as ever. The innovation

is potentially preventing 2.5 million tomatoes going to waste each year.

Food banks: addressing waste and addressing
want
Food banks play a part in addressing food waste while also helping people who live in

poverty. Thanks to our broad portfolio of brands and the reach of our operations, we

are in a unique position to contribute to food banks, by redistributing surplus stock that

would have otherwise gone to waste. By the end of the 2016, over 8 million people

had benefited from our various food bank partnerships and hunger relief activities

across the world.

We work with several food bank organisations. Since 2014, we’ve been working with

the European Federation of Food Banks (FEBA), helping food banks develop and

extend their reach through organising educational programmes, financial assistance,

purchasing new equipment and, in the south of France, sponsoring cooking lessons for

families. In 2015, we partnered with The Global FoodBanking Network (GFN), an

international non­profit organisation. In the UK, we work with Oxfam to support setting

up new community food banks and redistributing surplus food. And in the US, we

support Feeding America, the leading domestic hunger­relief charity.

In 2017, we funded an IT pilot project aimed at improving inventory management

systems in Panama, working with the local food bank Banco de Alimentos Panama,

GFN and Accenture Development Partnerships. Improving inventory systems helps

food banks distribute products efficiently and ensures no products are discarded due

to reaching their expiry date. In under four months, the food bank saved more than

30,600kg of food.

Spotlight

#DontWasteFood: wasting less in Argentina

No one wants to see food thrown away when there are people struggling to get

by – and the best way to address food waste is in partnership with others. In

Argentina, where 16 million tonnes of food is wasted each year , we’re working

7

with consumers, retailers, non­governmental organisations, the UN and the

Argentine Ministry of Agroindustry to ensure less food is thrown away.

Food banks play a vital role. We've been working with the Buenos Aires Food

Bank since 2004, donating more than 6,500 tonnes of food in that time, and

reaching over 110,000 people every day. It is a relationship that makes sense

commercially as well as socially. By donating food that would otherwise be

destroyed, we have avoided more than €153,000 in destruction costs during

2017 and instead, reaching the people who need it.

Spreading the message, sharing top tips

We've broadened our work to reduce food waste through the #DontWasteFood

campaign. Our partnership with Carrefour, the UN Food and Agriculture

Organization, and the Ministry of Agroindustry offers people tips on how to buy

food, plan meals, cook smarter, and use leftovers, while avoiding food waste.

Our Knorr and Hellmann’s brands have been sharing recipes and tips for using

up food leftovers – with the help of our products – through social media and

advertising.

In the last two years ­ 2016 and 2017 ­ our food waste messages have reached

2.6 million people through news articles, 8 million consumers through

Carrefour’s stores, more than 30,000 followers on Facebook, and 344,570

Twitter impressions with 8,938 interactions. In December 2017, we launched

the ‘Save the food during the holidays’ campaign with Buenos Aires Food Bank

and QuieroAyudar.org, which reached 15 million people through news articles

and had 3.4 million impressions in social media.

Our work doesn't stop there. As well as calling on our employees to join the

movement – we measured a 16% reduction in food waste at our headquarters

site in Buenos Aires in 2017 – we're also encouraging people to think about

what happens to their leftover food at their favourite restaurants, not just at

home.

Unilever Food Solutions – helping chefs cut waste
In the UK, food waste costs the food and hospitality industry £2.5 billion each year.

Around 920,000 tonnes of food – equivalent to 1.3 billion meals – is thrown away

annually, despite the fact that three­quarters of it could have been eaten. Through our

foodservice business, Unilever Food Solutions (UFS), we’re helping chefs and caterers

to cut their food waste and see how much money they can save in the process.

Our Wise Up on Waste app – launched in the UK in 2013, in partnership with the

facilities services provider, ISS Food & Hospitality (F&H), allows chefs to track and

reduce food waste. In 2017, the app was used 5,378 times in Belgium, France, the

Netherlands, Spain and Australia.

In Australia and New Zealand, where UFS works with the NGO food rescue services

OzHarvest, KiwiHarvest and Kaibosh, we donate AUD $0.50 cents to our partners

each time a client purchases a case of selected UFS products. This enables our

partners to collect excess food – both raw ingredients and made meals – for free so

that it can go to people in need. In 2017, 30,949 meals were distributed through the

partnership, which raised AUD $15,474.

1
 World Food Programme:  http://www1.wfp.org/zero­hunger (http://www1.wfp.org/zero­hunger)

2
 Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations:  http://www.fao.org/save­

food/resources/keyfindings/en/ (http://www.fao.org/save­food/resources/keyfindings/en/)

3
 Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations:
 http://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/196402/icode/ (http://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/196402/icode/)

4
 Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations:

 http://www.fao.org/fileadmin/templates/nr/sustainability_pathways/docs/FWF_and_climate_change.pdf

(PDF | 5.24MB)

(http://www.fao.org/fileadmin/templates/nr/sustainability_pathways/docs/FWF_and_climate_change.pdf)

5
 Champions 12.3:  https://ec.europa.eu/food/sites/food/files/safety/docs/fw_lib_wri­business­case_2017.pdf

(PDF | 692KB) (https://ec.europa.eu/food/sites/food/files/safety/docs/fw_lib_wri­business­case_2017.pdf)

6
 The Business Commission:  http://businesscommission.org/our­work/valuing­the­sdg­prize­in­food­and­

agriculture (http://businesscommission.org/our­work/valuing­the­sdg­prize­in­food­and­agriculture)

7
 Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations:  http://www.fao.org/in­

action/agronoticias/detail/en/c/895632/ (http://www.fao.org/in­action/agronoticias/detail/en/c/895632/)

Related links

External links



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)



Wise up on waste
(https://www.unileverfoodsolutions.co
inspiration/from­chefs­for­

chefs/work­smart/food­waste­
reduction.html )

Next 



Previous

Going beyond zero waste to landfill

Our waste footprint

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Sustainable sourcing 

Sustainable sourcing is vital to feeding the world’s people while respecting the planet’s resources – and essential 
to the responsible growth of our business. 

People, planet & prosperity: why we all need sustainable 
agriculture to flourish 
How will the world rise to the challenge of feeding over 9 billion people without depleting the planet’s 
natural resources? How will we achieve our ambitions to grow Unilever responsibly, with a supply 
chain that both retains consumers’ trust and creates new opportunities for positive social impacts and 
business growth?  

We believe a big part of the answer to both questions can be found in the widespread adoption of 
sustainable agriculture – which is why we’re committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials 
sustainably. 

Sustainable farming methods have the potential to increase farmers’ yields considerably, mitigate the 
effects of climate change, and provide farmers, their families and their surrounding communities with 
opportunities to build more prosperous societies – so they can contribute to the UN’s Sustainable 
Development Goals.  

The business benefits are clear. Sourcing sustainably helps secure our supplies and reduces risk and 
volatility in our raw material supply chains. It opens up opportunities for innovation: by focusing on 
people’s sustainable living needs and consumer preference, we build stronger brands. Sustainable 
farming methods can also improve the quality of our products, such as our sauces, soups, dressings 
and ice creams. 

Our strategy 

Our products are used by 2.5 billion people a day – that’s around a third of the people on the planet. 
We need around 7 million tonnes of agricultural raw materials to make our products – and millions of 
people play an important role in providing them. Making sure that these agricultural raw materials are 
sustainably produced is crucial to Unilever’s purpose of making sustainable living commonplace. 

1 

 
 
 
 
 
The future of growth: facing the challenges & finding 
opportunities 
Global supply chains are complex, and the production of food and other raw materials is linked to 
many issues, including deforestation, water scarcity and labour rights. But by using our scale, working 
with partners and harnessing advocacy, we believe we can help drive transformational change in 
these global systems while improving the sustainability of our own agricultural raw materials.  

At the same time, by connecting us to millions of people in farming communities, our agricultural 
supply chain will be central to achieving the social ambitions of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan – 
for example, by creating inclusive supply chains for the smallholder farmers who produce around 80% 
of the food consumed in emerging markets from Southern Asia to sub-Saharan Africa. This process 
increases the visibility we have of our supply chain, helping us address risks and find opportunities to 
innovate. It also helps us maintain the trust of consumers and other stakeholders – trust that’s 
essential to a progressive foods company that believes in nutritious food, grown sustainably. 

How we’re working towards sourcing our agricultural raw 
materials sustainably  
Our approach has five main strands: 

• 

sustainably sourcing to the highest standards from our network of suppliers 

•  driving change through continuous improvement policies with suppliers 

• 

raising awareness of sustainable sourcing among our consumers 

•  playing a leading role in the transformation of agricultural sectors relevant to our business, 

particularly sustainable tea and palm oil 

•  protecting biodiversity. 

All involve working in partnership with others towards transforming global food systems. This includes 
collaborating with suppliers, farmers, NGOs, and local government, as well as working with other 
businesses in the sector. The work we are doing with smallholder farmers to achieve positive social 
impacts alongside sustainable agriculture is also described in Enhancing Livelihoods. 

2 

 
 
 
 
   
 
 
Programmes that drive change   
Since the early 1990s, we have pioneered a number of programmes and initiatives designed to drive 
the highest standards of sustainable sourcing within our operations and supply chain, developing 
them alongside wider industry and multi-stakeholder initiatives. These programmes and policies, 
notably our Sustainable Agriculture Programme, our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF | 
682KB) (SAC) and our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB) (RSP), are at the heart of our 
approach.  

When we launched our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2010, we set a number of ambitious goals 
across our business, including to source 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably. Spurred 
on by those goals, we made rapid early progress through these programmes.   

Find out more about Unilever’s supply chain (PDF | 3MB) including geographic coverage by supplier 
type as well as our approach to critical supplier identification and third-party supplier due diligence. 

Evolving our approach  
In 2016, we began a full review of our sustainable sourcing strategy to ensure we continue to evolve 
our approach and maximise our impact. We asked ourselves tough questions on how our supply 
chain can deliver the volumes of sustainable crops we need. And on how we can raise our standards 
– to manage risk as well as to enhance our positive social and environmental impact as we grow our 
business. We looked, too, at changing market dynamics and how sustainable sourcing is evolving 
across sectors.   

This in-depth review highlighted the need for us to further strengthen our overall sustainable sourcing 
programme, and in particular to update our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC). Working together 
with our suppliers, we have made strong progress. However, there is now a need for us to adapt our 
approach based on learnings over the last six years to further reduce risk, increase trust in our supply 
chain and create industry-wide change. So in 2018, we will start transitioning suppliers from SAC 
2010 and aim to certify an initial 40 suppliers against SAC 2017. The updated Code includes a 
stronger emphasis on social issues across five key areas (no deforestation; human rights, including 
Free, Prior and Informed Consent; legal compliance; migrant labour; and grievance processes for 
workers).   

Our review also confirmed that while our strategic direction is the right one for our business, society 
and the environment, we are unable to reach our target by 2020 despite the considerable advances 
we’ve made. This is partly because of our lack of scale to achieve sufficient change across all crops. 
And partly because the length and complexity of some supply chains make it very difficult to develop 
a line of sight on the farmers at the very beginning of that supply chain, and thus to reassure 
ourselves that their practices are sustainable. 

So we now need to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact. This has led us to 
pinpoint a set of priority crops and commodities, which not only are crucial to our brands but are also 
where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors. These include palm oil, paper and 
board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables, cocoa, herbal infusions and vanilla. 

We remain committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably but recognise that this 
must be a longer-term ambition. We’re also continuing to drive transformational change and enhance 
livelihoods across the industry. 

Our commitment  
We are committed to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably by 2020.   

Progress to date  
56% of our agricultural raw materials were sustainably sourced by end 2017 (2016: 51%). This 
includes over 51% as physical sustainable sources (2016: 48%) and nearly 5% in the form of 
certificates, used mainly in soy and sugar (2016: 3%). 

While our strategic review has confirmed that we will not meet our target of 100% sustainable 
sourcing by 2020, we will place more emphasis on social issues as we pilot our strengthened 
Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 at scale in 2018. In tandem, from 2018 onwards we will focus our 

3 

efforts on a number of priority crops and commodities where we can drive most impact within their 
agricultural sectors.    

We will continue to drive transformational change and enhance livelihoods across the industry. For 
example, by repurposing the money we previously spent on GreenPalm certificates for palm oil, in 
2017 we became the first corporate investor in the &Green Fund, which aims to de-risk private 
investment into large-scale, deforestation-free agricultural production and was set up in partnership 
with the Norwegian government and IDH, the Sustainable Trade Initiative.   

See Targets & performance for more detail. 

Seeing the benefits of ambition 
We set ourselves an ambitious target for a reason: to create a new mindset and spur the innovation 
that can catalyse a step change in delivery, not only in our own business but across industries too.  

We’re seeing the benefits of these changes, and of the lessons we’ve learnt about achieving 
transformation in a system as complex as food. For example, we knew it was the right thing to do for 
our business when we set out to source all our tea sustainably in 2007, but we also knew there were 
many social and environmental issues to tackle. They had to be addressed through a combination of 
action on the ground with partners to develop sustainable practices, and governments, industry and 
many other organisations to drive up standards. Today, 81%† of our tea is sustainably sourced, much 
of it from Kenya where 580,000 farmers working with the Kenya Tea Development Agency have 
achieved Rainforest Alliance certification for their farms. And Rainforest Alliance CertifiedTM tea now 
accounts for around a fifth of the world’s tea production.   

Future challenges 
While progress has been made, we’ve always recognised that the changes needed to transform 
global food systems can only be effected through collective action. We take an active role in industry 
collaborations such as Field to Market and the Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform, and 
we’re working closely with others to develop industry standards of assurance and certification, 
particularly regarding labour rights and working conditions.   

Nonetheless, we know that standards and certification alone do not in themselves guarantee 
solutions. To make sustainable living commonplace, we need to continue communicating the value of 
sustainable sourcing to consumers, which is already a central aim of many of our leading Food and 
Refreshment brands, see Grown for good. In doing so, we will influence their buying habits towards 
sustainably sourced products and drive growth for our business. 

For more see Our approach to sustainable sourcing.  

† Independently assured by PwC 

Downloads 

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) 2017  
Scheme Rules SAC 2017  
Implementation Guide SAC 2017  
Sustainable Agriculture Code 2010 PDF | 682KB 
Scheme Rules 2010 PDF | 2MB 
Scheme Rules Update Log SAC 2010 PDF | 529KB 
Scheme Rules Update Log SAC 2017  
Sustainable Sourcing Factsheet for Suppliers, 2011 PDF | 2MB 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•  Responsible Sourcing Policy 

4 

 
 
 
 
H1 Targets & performance 

 We have set targets for a number of our agricultural raw materials. 

Sustainable sourcing  

Our Commitment 

By 2020 we will source 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably: 10% by 2010; 30% by 
2012; 50% by 2015; 100% by 2020. 

Our Performance 

56% of our agricultural raw materials were sustainably sourced by end 2017 (2016: 51%). 
This includes over 51% as physical sustainable sources (2016: 48%) and nearly 5% in the 
form of certificates used mainly in soy and sugar (2016: 3%). 

Our Perspective 

Many of our raw materials come from farms and plantations. The decisions we make on who we 
source from, and how we work with them, can have profound implications on global natural 
resources and climate change. They also have a wider social impact on human development, 
affecting the livelihoods of many. 

By sourcing sustainably, we can protect scarce resources. We want to eliminate deforestation and 
ensure that land use and social and community issues are managed responsibly. For our business, 
sustainable sourcing means we ensure security of supply while managing our environmental 
footprint and reducing market volatility. 

Over 2016–2017 we undertook an in-depth review of our sustainable sourcing strategy to ensure 
we continue to evolve our approach and maximise our impact.  While we have made good 
progress, the review highlighted the need for us to further strengthen our overall sustainable 
sourcing programme, and in particular to update our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC). So in 
2018 we are piloting our Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 at scale.  The updated Code includes 
a stronger emphasis on social issues across five key areas (no deforestation; human rights, 
including Free, Prior and Informed Consent; legal compliance; migrant labour; and grievance 
processes for workers).   

Our review also confirmed that while our strategic direction is the right one for our business, society 
and the environment, we are unable to reach our target by 2020 despite the considerable advances 
we’ve made. This is partly because of our lack of scale to achieve sufficient change across all 
crops. And partly because the length and complexity of some supply chains make it very difficult to 
develop a line of sight on the farmers at the very beginning of that supply chain, and thus to 
reassure ourselves that their practices are sustainable. 

So we now need to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact. This has led us 
to pinpoint a set of priority crops and commodities, which are not only crucial to our brands, but 
also where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors.  These include palm oil, 
paper and board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables, cocoa, herbal infusions and 
vanilla. 

See Our strategy above for further detail. 

Achieved 3 

 On-Plan 10 

 Off-Plan 1 

% of target achieved 3 

5 

 
 
 
 
H2 Our targets 
Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever 
Sustainable Living Plan. 

Sustainable palm oil 

We will purchase all palm oil from 
physically certified sustainable sources by 
2019. 

Our Perspective 

56%†* of palm oil from physically certified 
sources in 2017, achieved through a 
combination of segregated and mass 
balance supply.  

Palm oil is one of our priority raw materials. In 2016 we refreshed our Sustainable Palm Oil 
Sourcing Policy and brought forward our target for purchasing 100% physically certified palm oil 
from 2020 to 2019. In 2017 we reached 56%† from physically certified sources for our core 
volumes* (from RSPO Mass Balance, RSPO Segregated or an equivalent standard that is 
independently verified by a third party). 

In 2016 we decided to stop buying GreenPalm certificates. We aim to repurpose $50 million over 
five years that would have been spent on GreenPalm certificates and invest it in jurisdictional 
partnerships – to increase the availability of certified sustainable palm oil and scale up direct 
sourcing from smallholder farmers. In 2017 we committed to invest up to $25 million in the &Green 
Fund, which aims to de-risk private investment into large-scale, deforestation-free agricultural 
production and was set up in partnership with the Norwegian Government and IDH.    

† Independently assured by PwC 

* From 2017 we report only core volumes of palm oil.  Core volumes exclude derivatives of palm fatty acid distillates (which are by-products of the refining process), 
tail ingredients and materials processed by third-party manufacturers. 

Transforming the palm oil industry  

Sustainable paper and board 

We will source 75% of the paper and board 
for our packaging from certified sustainably 
managed forests or from recycled material 
by 2015. We will reach 100% by 2020. 

Our Perspective 

98% of our paper and board came from 
certified sustainably managed forests or 
from recycled material by end 2017. 

Paper and board are one of our priority raw materials and we reached 98% sustainably sourced in 
2017.   

Of this, 79% was received with a third-party certification claim and full chain of custody to 
demonstrate that it came from sustainably managed forests or recycled material.  The remaining 
19% came from recycled material. 

There are challenges for our suppliers in providing verifiable evidence to support the make-up of 
uncertified products in our recycled material. So in 2016 we set a new ambition to accelerate the 
volume of certified recycled products we purchase by 2019 and to source the recycled fibre from 
suppliers with third-party certification. 

Asking our suppliers to certify recycled materials offers reassurance for our business and equally 
importantly, helps build the market for certified recycled materials.  

Sustainable paper & board sourcing  

6 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable soy 

We will source sustainably all soy beans by 
2014 and all soy oils by 2020. 

100% soy beans purchased from 
sustainable sources by end 2014. 

72%† soy oil covered from sustainable 
sources by end 2017. 

Our Perspective 

We achieved our target to source 100% of our soy beans sustainably by 2014 (through the physical 
purchase of RTRS certified beans).   

Soy is one of our priority crops and in 2017, 72%† of our soy oil came from sustainable sources. 
This includes Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS) certified soy oil, RTRS certificates 
redeemed in 2017 and self-verified soy oil in the US. 

In Iowa in the US, we're working with soy farmers and soy oil suppliers to increase the use of cover 
crops as a way of protecting their soil. From just 26 farmers in 2015, the pilot project grew to 
around 170 farmers cropping more than 26,000 acres in 2017. 

† Independently assured by PwC 

Sustainable soy, rapeseed & sunflower oils  

Sustainable tea

•  By 2015 we aim to have the tea in all 

Lipton tea bags sourced from 
Rainforest Alliance Certified™ 
estates. 

•  By 2020, 100% of Unilever’s tea, 

including loose tea, will be sustainably 
sourced. 

Since 2015, 100% of the tea in our Lipton 
tea bag blends has come from Rainforest 
Alliance Certified™ sources. 

Overall, 81%† of the tea purchased for all 
our brands was sourced from sustainable 
sources in 2017: 71% was Rainforest 
Alliance Certified™ and 10% was trustea 
Verified. 

Our Perspective 

Tea is one of our priority crops and we buy around 10% of the world’s black tea. In 2007 we were 
the first major tea company to commit to sustainably sourcing tea on a large scale. In 2015, we met 
our target for 100% of the tea in Lipton’s tea bag blends to come from sustainable sources. By 
2017, 81%† of all our tea came from certified sustainable sources.  

In 2017 we worked on around 40 major programmes in our tea supply chain, with objectives such 
as increasing tea workers' and smallholders' incomes, improving health, empowering women, 
improving sanitation, addressing climate change and supporting biodiversity - with individual 
programmes often tackling multiple issues. For example, through field trials we commissioned from 
the Centre for Agriculture and Biosciences International, over 2015–2017 we’ve demonstrated that 
it’s possible to avoid using pesticides in Indian tea gardens by taking an ecological approach to 
pest management. 

† Independently assured by PwC 

Sustainable tea - leading the industry  

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable fruit and vegetables 

•  We will purchase 100% of our fruit from 

sustainable sources by 2015. 

67% of fruit purchased sustainably by end 
2015; 86% by end 2017. 

•  We will purchase 50% of our top 13 

vegetables and herbs from sustainable 
sources by 2012 and 100% by 2015. 
This accounts for over 80% of our 
global vegetable and herb volume. 

Our Perspective 

92% of our top 13 vegetables and herbs 
purchased from sustainable sources by end 
2015, up from 59% in 2012. We reached 
98% in 2017. 

Fruit and vegetables is a complex portfolio of materials with a very large and diverse supply base, 
making it difficult to achieve our 100% target across the entire portfolio by 2015. By 2017, 86% of 
our fruit was sustainably sourced, but it will not be one of our priority crops from 2018 onwards. 

While vegetables are one of our priority crops, getting from 98% to 100% by 2020 remains a 
challenge as for some of the vegetables we buy, the volumes are either small (making it hard to 
influence the market for sustainable supplies) or are technically difficult to convert to sustainable 
practices.  

Sustainable fruit & vegetables  

Sustainable cocoa 

We will source cocoa sustainably for our 
Magnum ice cream by 2015. All other 
cocoa will be sourced sustainably by 2020. 

98% of cocoa for Magnum sustainably 
sourced through Rainforest Alliance 
certification by end 2015; 98% by 2017. 

Overall, 70% of all cocoa sourced 
sustainably. 

Our Perspective 

Magnum is our biggest ice cream brand and is on sale in 52 countries, with all but three of them 
now sourcing Rainforest Alliance Certified™ cocoa. The challenge remains in sourcing Rainforest 
Alliance Certified™ cocoa for Brazil, Venezuela and Israel where the availability of certified beans 
is limited. As cocoa is one of our priority crops, we are looking for alternative solutions to complete 
the final conversion. 

We remain on track towards our 2020 target of sourcing all our cocoa sustainably, increasing from 
64% in 2016 to 70% in 2017.Sustainable cocoa & sugar  

8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable sugar

We will source all sugar sustainably by 
2020. 

67% of sugar sustainably sourced by end 
2017. 

Our Perspective 

We verify sugar beet primarily against our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) and mainly use 
Bonsucro certification for sugar cane. In 2017 we bought self-assessed and physical, certified 
sugar (beet and cane, 37%) and covered the rest of our sugar requirements with Bonsucro credits. 
Sugar is one of our priority crops. 

In Europe, in 2016 our supplier Nordzucker became one of the first to complete the Farm 
Sustainability Assessment developed by the SAI Platform and agreed by many businesses as a 
common code for the industry. While Nordzucker’s sugar already met our SAC standards, we 
welcome the transition to SAI as a step towards mainstreaming sustainability. 

On cane sugar, we pursued our dual strategy of creating more physical capacity on the ground 
while continuing to apply credits. Through the Bonsucro platform, a not for-profit, multi-stakeholder 
organisation promoting sustainable sugar cane, we are working in the Americas and Asia to apply 
this approach. 

Sustainable cocoa & sugar  

Sustainable sunflower oil 

We will source all sunflower oil sustainably 
by 2020. 

45% of sunflower oil sustainably sourced by 
end 2017. 

Our Perspective 

In recent years, we’ve made good progress in sustainably sourcing our sunflower oil, increasing our 
volume to 53% in 2016 by rolling out our programme with our partners Cargill and ADM, and buying 
our first volumes of oil from sunflowers grown in Turkey and Argentina using our Sustainable 
Agriculture Code. 

However, as a result of the in-depth review of sustainable sourcing that we began in 2016, we have 
decided to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact. This means we will 
focus on a set of priority crops and commodities, which are not only crucial to our brands, but also 
where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors. So from 2018 onwards sunflower 
oil will no longer be one of our priority crops but we will continue to prioritise the sustainable 
sourcing of rapeseed, soy and palm oil.  

Sustainable soy, rapeseed & sunflower oils  

9 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable rapeseed oil 

We will source all rapeseed oil sustainably 
by 2020. 

84% of rapeseed oil sustainably sourced by 
end 2017. 

Our Perspective 

Rapeseed oil is one of our priority crops and we continue to make steady progress. In 2017, the 
vast majority of our European rapeseed volumes were sourced sustainably. This includes the oil for 
our German Rama spreads, and Hellmann’s mayonnaise in the UK. It also covers all our Flora 
range in the UK. The majority of these volumes are being sourced locally from growers located 
near our manufacturing plants. 

We continue to work with our suppliers and other partners, including on a joint approach with our 
partner Bunge in Canada, where more than 214 farmers were signed up to our Sustainable 
Agriculture Code programme in 2017. In close co-operation with our farm advisers, Control Union, 
these farmers have transitioned their practices to our Sustainable Agriculture Code’s requirements 
well ahead of schedule. 

Sustainable soy, rapeseed & sunflower oils  

Sustainable dairy  

We will source all dairy produce 
sustainably by 2020. 

74% of dairy produce sustainably sourced 
by end 2017. 

Our Perspective 

Dairy is one of our priority crops and we continued to make good progress, increasing our 
sustainable supply to 74% in 2017.  

Suppliers and farmers have achieved sustainable dairy status in countries as far apart as the US, 
Uruguay, Europe and New Zealand.  

In Turkey we are trialling ways of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions associated with milk – 
including techniques that aim to improve the comfort, health and longevity of cows.  

We also continued our efforts to convert industry sectors to a sustainable sourcing standard, 
building on our success in Australia and Ireland – where since 2013 and 2015 respectively, the 
dairy sector has had programmes that are equivalent to our Sustainable Agriculture Code. 

Sustainable dairy  

10 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fairtrade Ben & Jerry’s   

All flavours of Ben & Jerry’s ice cream will 
be Fairtrade certified by 2013. 

77% of Ben & Jerry’s ice cream flavours 
achieved Fairtrade certification in 2013. We 
reached 100% in 2014. 

Our Perspective 

Ben & Jerry’s ice creams were the first to use Fairtrade (FT) ingredients in 2005. By the end of 
2011 in Europe, we achieved Fairtrade certification for all our products produced and distributed in 
Europe. 

In 2012, due to issues around quality and availability, we found we could not source all the FT-
certified ingredients we needed for a global conversion. So we revised our target from our previous 
‘all ingredients’ to ‘all flavours’ certified. 

We identified that by using FT ingredients for the five major commodities in all our base mixes and 
for our chunks and swirls, and following proper Fairtrade derogation procedures, all our ice cream 
flavours would qualify for Fairtrade certification by 2013. We reached 77% in 2013. 

In 2013 we also decided to source only non-GMO ingredients by seed source. As this added 
complexity to our conversion programmes, we delayed our plans, achieving FT-certification for all 
our flavours in 2014. 

Ben and Jerry’s  

Cage-free eggs 

We aim to move to 100% cage-free eggs 
for all our products,* including Ben & 
Jerry’s ice cream and Hellmann’s, Amora 
and Calvé mayonnaises. 

*Where allowed by local legislation. 

Our Perspective 

61% of eggs were cage-free by end 2017. 

Our research shows that consumers prefer products made with cage-free eggs. We use eggs in 
mayonnaises, dressings, sauces and ice cream. However, the conditions in which eggs are 
produced vary widely around the world. We take animal welfare seriously as a social and ethical 
concern and were one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to start sourcing 
cage-free eggs. 

In Western Europe, Hellmann’s, Amora and Calvé have been 100% cage-free since 2009, and with 
the conversion of our supply chain in Eastern Europe, all our European products were able to use 
cage-free eggs by 2014. 

Ben & Jerry’s ice cream has used only cage-free eggs in Europe since 2004; by the end of 2011, 
99% of all eggs used in Ben & Jerry’s ice cream mix worldwide were cage-free too. 

In 2018 we announced our commitment to convert all our egg supplies to cage-free by 2025. 

Farm animal welfare 

11 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainable sourcing of office materials   

By 2013 we will source all paper-based 
office materials for our top 21 countries 
from either certified sustainable forests or 
recycled sources. 

Our Perspective 

100% of paper-based materials from 
certified sustainable forests or recycled 
sources by end 2013. 

Our commitment covers office paper products such as printer paper, note books and envelopes. By 
using paper from sustainable or recycled sources, we avoid using wood from non-sustainable 
sources, helping our aim to end deforestation. 

We achieved our target in 2013, when 100% of our paper-based office materials for our top 21 
countries came from either certified, sustainable forests or recycled sources. All our suppliers sign 
a certificate of compliance, and we monitor compliance via quarterly reporting. Where necessary, 
we have changed from non-sustainable products to sustainable products. 

We then extended our ambition from the top 21 countries to all other countries in Europe and Latin 
America, with the aim of reaching 100% compliance by the end of 2015, which we achieved. 

While we no longer report on this target as we achieved it in 2013, we continue to drive greater use 
of sustainable paper across our business. 

Cutting office impacts 

12 

 
 
 
 Sustainable sourcing

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Our approach to sustainable sourcing
We're working with farmers and suppliers to drive up social and

environmental standards in our supply of agricultural raw materials.

The raw materials that make brands loved by
billions

Around 2.5 billion people a day use a

Unilever product – and we use raw

materials from around the world to

make them.

Many of the raw materials we use in

our brands come from farms and

forests. That means we need a

secure, sustainable supply of these

materials for the future growth of our

2.5bn

People a day use a

Unilever product

business. At the same time, our agricultural supply chain connects us to millions of

people, which creates a pathway to realise many of our ambitions for positive social

impact. That's why our commitment to sustainable sourcing, underpinned by our

Sustainable Agriculture Programme, is a crucial part of our Unilever Sustainable Living

Plan.



Our Sustainable Agriculture Programme

Our Sustainable Agriculture Programme was inspired by our ambition to buy our

agricultural raw materials from farms applying sustainable agricultural practices

– growing crops in ways which sustain the soil, minimise water and fertiliser use,

protect biodiversity and enhance farmers’ livelihoods.

At the heart of the programme is our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC). We

developed the Code to give us and our farmers and suppliers a set of rigorous

standards which would spur on improvements across our supply chain.

The Code defines what sustainable sourcing means in practice, using 11 social,

economic and environmental indicators: soil health, soil loss, nutrients, pest

management, biodiversity, farm economics, energy, water, social and human

capital, local economy and animal welfare.

We’ve been working with our suppliers to help them comply with our SAC since

2010. To make the greatest progress as fast as possible, we’ve focused our

efforts on a priority set of key crops and commodities, chosen for their

importance to our business and our brands as well as our ability to have a

greater positive impact within these agricultural sectors. These priorities include

palm oil, paper and board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables,

cocoa, herbal infusions and vanilla.

Driving positive change throughout our supply
chain
We want to drive sustainability throughout our supply chain. In this Report (our

Sustainable Living Report), we describe how we’ve reviewed our strategy

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/) and evolved

 
our approach to sustainable sourcing. We cover our commitments and progress on

palm oil (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/) and tea (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­tea­leading­the­industry/),

paper and board, soy and rapeseed oils (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­soy­

and­rapeseed­oils/), vegetables (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­fruit­

and­vegetables/), cocoa, sugar (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­cocoa­

and­sugar/) and dairy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­dairy/). We also set out

how we protect biodiversity as a core element of our approach.

But our Sustainable Living Report aims to give a wider view, too. Given the reach and

scale of our supply chain, we are exploring how we can have positive impacts on

sustainable agriculture that go beyond our SAC. Transforming global food systems

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­

global­food­systems/) describes how we’re working to achieve the transformational

changes that will further improve the lives of farmers, the productivity of their farms,

and the resilience of our supply chains. And in Connecting with smallholder farmers

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/) we describe how many of our sourcing

initiatives aim to boost smallholders’ incomes and achieve other social impacts

alongside fostering sustainable agricultural practices.

Making sure we address the biggest issues
We reviewed our sustainable sourcing strategy (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/) over 2016–2017 to ensure it continues to

have the greatest possible impact on the ground while supporting our business by

building trust and addressing risk in our supply chain. One of the outcomes of this

review was the revision of our Sustainable Agriculture Code.



Our Sustainable Agriculture Code

In 2017, we updated our  Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF | 2MB)

(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2017_tcm244­526653_en.pdf) (SAC 2017) to raise

our standards further by emphasising five key areas:

no deforestation

human rights (including Free, Prior and Informed Consent)

legal compliance

migrant labour, and  

grievance processes for workers.

We are moving the programme from self­assessment to third­party certification,

to provide greater trust and transparency and ensure more accurate reporting.

The SAC continues to recognise external certification (such as Rainforest

Alliance certification) that meets or exceeds our own standards.

We require our suppliers to comply with our  Responsible Sourcing Policy

(PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­

504736_en.pdf) (RSP). The updated SAC includes a chapter dedicated to the

RSP for farms. It also includes requirements addressing land use change and

deforestation, specific areas of health and safety, sustainable production of

livestock feed and land rights protection. It extends animal welfare provision to

transportation and slaughter.

In 2018, we set out to certify an initial 40 suppliers against SAC 2017. We selected

these suppliers to ensure a representative variety of our crops and geographies.

Feedback showed they welcomed the more intensive interaction with the auditor

during the certification process, and the opportunity to improve their farming practices

by remediating non­conformances.

Our other suppliers will continue with self­assessment against the Unilever

 Sustainable Agriculture Code 2010 (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­2010­

spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf), until they too are invited to transition to SAC 2017.

Spotlight

Findings demonstrate impact

We now have data on our sustainable agriculture programme covering 2012–

2017. While factors such as the variability of weather mean that this is a short

period in which to identify trends in agricultural data, our findings to date are

positive. Averaged across all crops in the SAC programme (and measured per

tonne of product), we see:

a 21% reduction in irrigation water use

a 17% reduction in pesticide use, and  

a 2% reduction in carbon footprint.

For farmers who have been part of our programme since 2012, performance

against most of our sustainability measures has improved. We have started to

give specific feedback to individual suppliers and their farmers to help them to

focus their improvement programmes.

Strategic partnerships and third­party certification schemes are a key part of our

approach. Many of our raw materials are certified to sustainability standards which

meet or exceed our SAC, such as those of the Rainforest Alliance, Roundtable on

Sustainable Palm Oil and Round Table on Responsible Soy. These multi­stakeholder

platforms help suppliers by providing a common definition of sustainable agriculture,

which makes their products more marketable to us and others.

Protecting biodiversity protects agriculture
Agriculture, the livelihoods of farmers and farming communities, and the health of the

planet are all dependent on the ecosystems in which crops and commodities are

grown.

That means protecting biodiversity is a vital element in our Sustainable Agriculture

Programme. One of the four principles in our Programme is: “Ensuring any adverse

effects on biodiversity from agricultural activities are minimised and positive

contributions are made where possible”. Biodiversity is also one of the 11 core

indicators we use to measure sustainable farming practices.

“

The business case for protecting biodiversity is quite

simple. Without biodiversity, there is no business.

Giulia Stellari, our Sustainable Sourcing Director

”

Our Sustainable Agriculture Code has a specific chapter devoted to biodiversity. It

covers both ecosystem services and the protection of rare and vulnerable species and

ecosystems on and around farms.

Forests support 80% of terrestrial biodiversity (the variety of life forms on land) , so our

commitment to take action against deforestation is also critical in this area. This is

described in Protecting our forests (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­forests/). Our work with other organisations,

and the advances being made by our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre

(SEAC) in this area, are described in Natural capital (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/natural­capital/).

Spotlight

Biodiversity Action Plans

We want to inspire farmers to start their own Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs).

The scope for a BAP can range from field to landscape level in the growing

area of any crop. The ideas behind the plans often come from farmers and

suppliers themselves, based on the wild animals or plants they value or have

observed.

Since biodiversity issues vary widely across the world, farmers’ efforts have

resulted in a wide range of projects. Some are showcased in our booklet,

 Unilever Suppliers – A Closer Look at Biodiversity (PDF | 998KB)

(/Images/unilever­suppliers_a­closer­look­at­biodiversity_2015_tcm244­

423993_en.pdf).

Helping farmers & suppliers promote sustainable
sourcing
We can only achieve a sustainable supply of agricultural raw materials by working with

our suppliers and the farmers who grow our ingredients. Making that process both

efficient and rigorous helps both us and them.

That’s why our SAC recognises a range of external standards used by suppliers to

comply with the principles of sustainable agriculture – a full list can be found in our

 Scheme Rules (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2017_tcm244­

526653_en.pdf).

We will consider any current in­house or industry­level sustainability programmes that

suppliers use, asking suppliers to benchmark their system or programme against our

SAC, and agreeing with them which areas, if any, of a supplier or industry­level system

are equivalent to the SAC.

However, we know that certification alone does not guarantee a solution to all

problems. So we work in partnership with our suppliers and NGOs to drive sustainable

practices across the entire value chain.

Our external advisers
We don’t claim to know all the answers when it comes to sustainable agriculture, and

we welcome expertise from beyond our business. Our Sustainable Sourcing Advisory

Board advises us on issues such as climate impact, biodiversity, water stress, labour

conditions, poverty alleviation and the use of chemicals.



Our Sustainable Sourcing Advisory Board

Our  Sustainable Sourcing Advisory Board (PDF | 372KB) (/Images/ssab­

members­2019_tcm244­531484_en.pdf) (SSAB) includes seven external

experts, including academics and representatives from NGOs and impact

investing:

Dr Julia Balandina Jaquier, JBJ Consult, Switzerland

David Bright, Open Society Foundations, UK

Professor Ken Giller, Wageningen University, The Netherlands

Alan Knight, ArcelorMittal, UK

Karin Kreider, ISEAL, UK

Dr Ruth Nussbaum, Proforest, UK  

See how our governance structures (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/our­sustainability­

governance/) help us deliver the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Sustainable paper & board sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/sustainable­paper­and­board­sourcing/)



Sustainable soy & rapeseed oils (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/sustainable­soy­and­rapeseed­oils/)



Sustainable vegetables (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/sustainable­fruit­and­vegetables/)



Sustainable cocoa & sugar (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/sustainable­cocoa­and­sugar/)



Sustainable dairy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/sustainable­dairy/)



Non­renewables sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/non­
renewables­sourcing/)



Transforming the palm oil industry (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­
industry/)



Sustainable tea – leading the industry (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­tea­leading­the­
industry/)



Transforming global food systems (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­global­food­
systems/)



Natural capital (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/natural­
capital/)



Advancing human rights with suppliers & business partners (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­
rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/)



Our governance (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/our­sustainability­
governance/)

Downloads



Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­agriculture­code­­sac­­­2017_tcm244­
515371_1_en.pdf)



Scheme Rules SAC 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2017_tcm244­526653_en.pdf)



Scheme Rules Update Log SAC 2017
PDF | 170KB
(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2017­update­log_tcm244­526654_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017_tcm244­521087_en.pdf)



Sustainable Agriculture Code 2010
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­2010­spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide ­ Sustainable Livestock
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­livestock­implementation­guide_tcm244­
424266_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide – Livestock Transport & Slaughter
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/unilever­livestock­transport­and­slaughter­implementation­
guide_tcm244­424311_en.pdf)



Scheme Rules SAC 2010
PDF | 859KB
(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2010_tcm244­502686_1_en.pdf)



Scheme Rules Update Log SAC 2010
PDF | 170KB
(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2017­update­log_tcm244­526654_en.pdf)



Sustainable Sourcing Factsheet for Suppliers, 2011
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/unilever­sustainable­sourcing­factsheet_tcm244­424309_en.pdf)



Sustainable Agriculture, Sustainable Life
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/sust­ag­sust­life_tcm244­424310_en.pdf)



Responsible Sourcing Policy
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)



Sustainable Paper and Board Packaging Policy
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/unilever­paper­and­board­packaging­policy­2018_tcm244­
529491_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Sourcing Advisory Board Members
PDF | 372KB
(/Images/ssab­members­2019_tcm244­531484_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Chinese
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­chinese­­simplified­_tcm244­
525048_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ French
PDF | 17MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­french_tcm244­
525050_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Dutch
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­dutch_tcm244­525049_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Spanish
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­spanish_tcm244­
525056_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ German
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­german_tcm244­
525051_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Greek
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­greek_tcm244­525052_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Italian
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­italian_tcm244­525053_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Turkish
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­turkish_tcm244­
525057_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017­ Polish
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­polish_tcm244­525054_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Russian
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­russian_tcm244­
525055_1_en.pdf)



Implementation Guide SAC 2017 ­ Brazilian Portuguese
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/implementation­guide­sac­2017­­­brazilian­portuguese_tcm244­
525047_1_en.pdf)



Unilever Suppliers: A closer look at biodiversity (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­
sourcing/protecting­biodiversity/)


Sustainable
sourcing

Sustainable paper & board sourcing
Sourcing our paper and board packaging sustainably supports our

commitment to zero net deforestation. It strengthens our supply chain and

helps build trust among consumers.

Why we buy sustainable paper & board
We want to source only sustainable

paper and board. Why? Because we,

and our consumers, want assurance

that we’re not contributing to the

deforestation caused by parts of the

paper and pulp industry. It’s an

important part of our approach to

protecting forests (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­

our­forests/) and preventing the loss

of biodiversity and contribution to

climate change caused by deforestation.

129m

Hectares of forest

lost 1990–2015 – an

area almost the size
of South Africa1

We have defined paper and board as priority raw materials for our business. We aim to

buy paper packaging that comes either from well­managed forests or from recycled

material.

Sometimes we need to source virgin paper and board – for example, because of

safety regulations. When we do, we buy from certified sources with a full ‘chain of

custody’.



Our paper & board commitment

Our commitment to 100% sustainably sourced paper and board covers all our

packaging – even our wooden ice cream sticks. We put our commitment into

action through our  Sustainable Paper and Board Packaging Policy (PDF |

168KB) (/Images/unilever­paper­and­board­packaging­policy­2018_tcm244­

529491_en.pdf).

Our policy is designed to help transform the industry by working with key

suppliers. It is directed by three key principles:

halt deforestation

promote best practices in sustainable forest and pulp plantation management

drive positive economic and social impact on people and communities.

We've also signed up to the Consumer Goods Forum commitment to achieving

zero net deforestation associated with four commodities – palm oil, soy, paper

and board, and beef – no later than 2020.

Progress through ambitious targets
We source our paper and board packaging from around 300 suppliers. In 2017, 98% of

the directly­purchased paper and board packaging materials we used were made from

recycled fibre or came from certified sustainably managed forests. When we drew up

the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2010, our target was to achieve 75% by 2015

and 100% by 2020. We’re ahead of schedule, but that does not mean we’ve overcome

all the challenges, or that we should relax our efforts.

To continue our momentum, in 2016 we set ourselves the ambition to source our

recycled fibre from suppliers with third­party certification by 2019. Asking our suppliers

to certify recycled materials offers reassurance for our business and helps support a

market for these materials. In 2017, we purchased more of our materials with

certification and a full chain of custody. See Targets & performance (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/).



What does recycling fibre involve?

'Virgin’ or ‘fresh’ fibre is extracted from a plant, the most common being wood

fibre from trees.

Typically, fibre used for papermaking is from timber that cannot be used for

other purposes. This includes timber from immature trees removed to let other

trees mature, known as ‘thinnings’, and sawmill waste. In some cases, trees are

planted in forest areas specifically for the purpose of providing fibre for paper

and board production.

Once this virgin fibre has been made into paper, it can be recycled on average

five to seven times.

We also recycle ‘post­industrial’ waste. This is material which, for one reason or

another, was not used directly for packaging. The most common form is

‘clippings’ – waste generated when packaging is cut to shape.

Our full definitions of Virgin Wood Fibres and Recycled Fibres can be found in

our  Sustainable Paper and Board Packaging Policy (PDF | 168KB)

(/Images/unilever­paper­and­board­packaging­policy­2018_tcm244­

529491_en.pdf).

Working with certification schemes & reaching
consumers
We work with our suppliers and other

stakeholders to promote forest

certification through our purchases.

We give preference to supplies

delivered through the Forest

Stewardship Council (FSC)

certification scheme and accept other

national schemes under the

framework of the Programme for the

Endorsement of Forest Certification

(PEFC).

Logos on brand packaging help

consumers know that it comes from

forest management certification

schemes. In 2015, we researched

attitudes to sustainability among

20,000 adults across five countries

(Brazil, India, Turkey, the US and UK).

1 in
5

People would

choose

brands with

clearer

sustainability

credentials

on­pack

We found that a third of people are already buying sustainably. A further one in five

(21%) of the people surveyed said they would actively choose brands if they made

2
their sustainability credentials clearer on packaging and in their marketing.

1
 FAO Global Forest Resources Assessment 2015 (http://www.fao.org/forest­resources­assessment/en/)

2
 Unilever research in 2015 by Flamingo and Europanel

Related links

Downloads

External links



Sustainable
Paper and
Board
Packaging
Policy 2018
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/unilever­
paper­and­
board­
packaging­
policy­
2018_tcm244­
529491_en.pdf)







Consumer
Goods Forum
(https://www.theconsu
sustainability/key­
projects/deforestation/

Forest
Stewardship
Council (FSC)
(http://www.fsc­
uk.org/)

Programme for
the
Endorsement of
Forest
Certification
(PEFC)
(http://www.pefc.co.uk







Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)

Our approach
to sustainable
sourcing
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­
approach­to­
sustainable­
sourcing/)

Transforming
global food
systems
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming
global­food­
systems/)



Previous

Protecting biodiversity

Next 

Sustainable soy & rapeseed oils


Sustainable
sourcing

Sustainable soy & rapeseed oils
Our research shows that consumers prefer products made with sustainable

oils – so sourcing our soy and rapeseed oils sustainably can help grow our

business as well reduce our impacts on the environment.

Cultivating sustainable oils
The oils derived from soy and rapeseed are crucial ingredients in our brands, such as

Hellmann’s mayonnaise, that are enjoyed by consumers the world over.

These crops are usually grown by family­owned farms, who sell them to the

processors and suppliers who in turn sell them to us. They are grown in different ways

and in different parts of the world, so we tailor our approach to have the most positive

impact for each. But what’s common to our approach everywhere is our commitment to

working in partnership, with the aim of making cultivation of these crops sustainable in

the long term.

Making progress through partnerships
Our partnerships take a range of forms. For example, we work with multiple

stakeholders to help develop internationally recognised standards and verification

systems. We also work with farmers and suppliers, and with consumers, whose

demand for sustainably sourced ingredients we aim to stimulate and meet.

Wherever possible, we’re seeking to move to physical, certified sources, which give us

and our stakeholders added assurance that the crops in our supply chain are

sustainably grown.

We completed an in­depth review of our sourcing strategy in 2017 which included

looking at the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code, described in Sustainable

sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/).

This identified soy and rapeseed as two of our priority crops. See our latest progress in

sourcing them sustainably in Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/).

Soy: improving standards, addressing local
impacts
Most of the soy oil we buy comes from soy beans grown in the US, Brazil and

Argentina. In each region, we work with farmers, NGOs, our suppliers, other agri­

businesses and governments. We also aim to contribute to the development of

international standards which recognise farmers and suppliers for their effort to

address the big issues associated with soy production, which vary across regions.

In Latin America, for example, unsustainable soy production is associated with habitat

loss and deforestation. Soy is one of four commodities at the heart of our commitment

through the Consumer Goods Forum to achieve  zero net deforestation (PDF |

167KB) (/Images/eliminating­deforestation­position­statement_tcm244­423148_en.pdf)

by 2020. We’re also on the steering group behind the  Statement of Support for the

objectives of the Cerrado Manifesto (https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/wp­

content/uploads/2017/10/2017­Letter­of­business­support­for­Cerrado­Manifesto­

CGF.pdf). More on our work to combat deforestation can be found in Protecting our

forests (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/protecting­our­forests/).

We source the majority of our soy oil from the US. Here, soil health and water quality

are a particular focus, especially in the US Mississippi River basin.



The Round Table on Responsible Soy

We are founding members of the Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS).

Since 2010, the development of the RTRS standard has enabled farmers to

improve their practices and gain accreditation.

Our purchase of some of the first RTRS certificates was an important step

towards achieving our sustainable sourcing targets (for both soy beans and soy

oil). In 2014 we met our target for sustainable soy beans when 100% met these

RTRS standards. Since the sale of our AdeS business, we no longer use soy

beans; but we still buy soy oil, see Targets & performance (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/) for our latest

progress.

Working with US soy farmers
In 2012 we joined Field to Market, a US alliance that promotes sustainable agriculture.

Field to Market offers a free online tool known as the Fieldprint Calculator to help

growers analyse how their management choices impact natural resources and

operational efficiency. Over 2014–2018, around 700 farmers took part in our

sustainable soy programme, developed with Field to Market and our suppliers.

With the data we collected from this work, we were able to develop programmes to

increase our impact further. In January 2018, we launched a new programme which

aims to improve soil health and water quality through the adoption of cover crops.

Cover crops are associated with improved ecosystems, better yields and a reduced

need for agricultural inputs. The programme, managed by Practical Farmers of Iowa,

has been well received by the Iowa farming community and more than 150 farmers

signed up in the first year. We’re looking forward to expanding this programme in the

coming years.

Spotlight

Healthy soil, healthy soy: our cover crop partnership

Looking after the soil is one of the most important jobs a farmer can do. Not

only do farmers depend on the soil for their livelihoods, but good soil practice

plays a vital role in mitigating the greenhouse gas emissions associated with

agriculture. And it can help prevent erosion and other issues that affect local

ecosystems, including waterways.

In Iowa in the US, we're working with soy farmers and soy oil suppliers to

increase the use of cover crops as a way of protecting their soil. We believe

promoting cover crops like this is an industry first ­ and an important way to

enhance the sustainability of the soy oil used by our Hellmann's brand.

Our pilot programme began in 2015 with 26 farmers. In 2018 we concluded the

pilot and launched the programme with around 150 farmers.

What are 'cover crops' – and why do they matter? Cover crops are usually non­

commodity crops, and the clue is in the name: farmers plant them to cover the

soil after harvest, protecting it until the next growing season.

The plants capture carbon in the air and feed it into the soil, where microbes

use carbon for energy and keep it underground instead of releasing it back into

the atmosphere. There are other benefits, too – the  US Department of

Agriculture (PDF | 4MB) (http://climatesmartfarming.org/wp­

content/uploads/2016/06/AdaptationFactsheet_covercrops_2016.pdf) says

cover crops can increase soil organic matter, retain nutrients, and alleviate soil

compaction, among other advantages.

The project has brought together the expertise of a range of partners ­ Practical

Farmers of Iowa, our supplier ADM, and the Conservation Technology

Information Center. Farmers receive practical advice on cover crops and can

qualify for cost share payments supported by the Iowa Department of

Agriculture.

Sourcing oils responsibly – like using 100% cage­free eggs – is a key part of

Hellmann's approach to being 'On the side of food'. “Consumers have become

more invested and educated in where their food comes from, and they reward

brands who respond to those concerns,” explains Makeda Kefale, Associate

Brand Manager for Hellmann’s in the US. “Hellmann’s believes in improving our

ingredients from the ground up.

Supporting our farmers in implementing practices that renew the land for future

generations isn’t just good business sense, it’s the right thing to do, and we’re

proud to be a partner in this cause.’

Sustainable soy in Latin America
We’re engaged in long­term collaborative efforts to improve soy cultivation in Latin

America. This is underpinned by a significant effort to persuade the farmers who grow

the soy that makes our soy oil to improve their practices.

Spotlight

Produzindo Certo (Producing Right)

In Brazil, through collaboration with the Roundtable for Responsible Soy

(RTRS) and Aliança da Terra, more than 40 farmers have gained RTRS

certification. The Produzindo Certo (Producing Right) initiative with Aliança da

Terra, Bayer CropScience, Santander and Yara Fertilizers aims to boost

sustainable soy cultivation by supporting growers to improve their agricultural

and farm management practices. Bayer CropScience provides technical

services and integrated crop management advice, and Santander provides

rapid credit evaluation for agricultural loans while Yara advises on best use of

fertilisers. And we boost the market for sustainable soy by buying this certified

soy from our suppliers.

Cintia Vega is our Sustainable Sourcing Manager responsible for our liquid oils’

sustainability programmes. She visited Brazil to see the Produzindo Certo

programme in action.

"Innovative, fundamental, contemporary. That's how one farmer described

Produzindo Certo to me when I met him in Uberlandia in Minas Gerais, one of

Brazil’s prime agricultural regions.

Like most participating farmers, he’d already taken some steps towards

sustainability before the programme started – but I found that the farmers really

valued the assistance of Aliança da Terra (ADT). ADT helps farmers identify

areas for improvement and then provides support to address them – areas like

labour conditions, community relations or environmental responsibility. And by

increasing the availability of RTRS certified soy, the programme strengthens

our supply chain – as well as helping make soy production in Brazil more

responsible and sustainable.

It's a great example of how partnerships can contribute to reaching our

sustainable living ambition. What’s next? With all the farmers’ feedback on

board, we’ll be looking at ways to enhance Produzindo Certo so it can reach its

full potential."

Making progress on rapeseed oil
We continue to make good progress towards our target for sustainable rapeseed oil,

see Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/).

As with soy, our progress is built on the work we do with our suppliers and other

partners. An example is our joint approach with our supplier Bunge in Canada. By the

end of 2018, around 200 farmers in Canada were signed up to our Sustainable

Agriculture Code programme. In close co­operation with our farm advisers, Control

Union, these farmers have shifted their practices to meet our Code’s requirements well

ahead of schedule.

Related links

External links



Keystone Field to Market
initiative
(https://www.fieldtomarket.org/)



Round Table on Responsible
Soy
(http://www.responsiblesoy.org/en/)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)



Protecting our forests
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­our­forests/)



Previous

Sustainable paper & board sourcing

Next 

Sustainable fruit & vegetables


Sustainable
sourcing

Sustainable vegetables
We couldn't make our food brands without high quality vegetables and fruit

from all over the world.

Famous brands depend on a network of growers
& suppliers
Securing a reliable supply of the best

ingredients is essential to the long­

term future of food brands that people

can trust on taste, nutrition and

sustainability.

Vegetables are a priority crop for our

business. We buy significant

quantities of tomatoes, onions,

pumpkins, leeks, green beans,

mushrooms, potatoes, celeriac, peas

and carrots, as well as herbs such as

basil, parsley and chives. Our Knorr

brand uses the most vegetables in its

soups, sauces and other food

products.

320m

People a day use

Knorr products

50,000

Growers provide the fruit

and vegetables we buy

from 500 suppliers

We also buy a range of high quality fruit, including strawberries, guava, mango,

raspberries and bananas. These are especially important for our ice cream brands,

such as Ben & Jerry’s, Magnum, Carte D’Or and Breyers.

With such a wide range of ingredients, we need a diverse supply chain. We buy fruit

and vegetables from around 500 suppliers, who in turn buy from around 50,000

growers and farmers.

Supplier partnerships driving sustainable change
Our expert buyers seek the best quality ingredients from growers around the world.

The scale and diversity of this supply chain gives us a great opportunity to make a

positive environmental and social impact. But as international certification standards

for vegetables do not currently exist, working in partnership with others is critical if we

are to source these ingredients sustainably.

We work closely with our farmers and suppliers to help them meet the Unilever

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) standard, which we updated in 2017.

We also support many wider partnership initiatives to drive improvement in the sector.

For example, we helped establish the  Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI)

(http://www.saiplatform.org/) Platform. The SAI helps us identify links with other fast­

moving consumer goods companies with whom we have suppliers in common, and

agree common standards.

Making best practice more efficient for growers,
& for us
In 2018 we finalised equivalency between our SAC and the SAI's Farm Sustainability

Assessment tool ( FSA (http://www.fsatool.com/)). By enabling growers to meet our

sustainability requirements by achieving a standard that other companies also

acknowledge, this benefits suppliers and our business. Like 'mutual recognition', which

means we accept other companies' standards provided they match our own, this cuts

down duplication and helps promote best practice.

This is particularly useful in our vegetable supply chain, as we have a large number of

ingredients and many suppliers. We have already seen an increasing number of

suppliers in Europe and the US using FSA, and we expect this momentum to grow

elsewhere. We believe that supplier­led change like this is the best and most efficient

way to achieve sustainability across the industry. To find out more, see Our approach

to sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/).

Groundbreaking study shows tomato farmers
cutting GHG emissions
We want our Sustainable Agriculture

Code to make a real difference to the

environmental impact of our products

­ including the impact of greenhouse

25%

gas (GHG) emissions created by

agriculture. But how can we tell if it is

working?

The data we collect on the

environmental performance of our

suppliers gives us a unique

opportunity to measure our progress

scientifically. In 2017, we published

the findings of a study we conducted

with researchers from Radboud

University in the Netherlands. The

Reduction in

GHG footprints

on tomato farms

using our

Sustainable

Agriculture

Code

study investigated the GHG emissions associated with the production of tomatoes in

our supply chain.

Any set of agricultural data is complex because of the many variables involved. But the

results are highly encouraging. They showed an overall 25% decrease in GHG

footprints in the sampled farms in the three years examined (2013–2015).

The study itself is groundbreaking: the first to provide an integrated analysis of the

variability of GHG emissions in global production of a crop.

It looked at 890 observations from farms growing tomatoes according to our

Sustainable Agriculture Code across 14 countries over 2013–2015. This is significant

data set that can help us, and others, gain insights on how farming and sourcing

practices can reduce the impact of agriculture on the climate.

We want to extend this type of analysis to other crops grown by farmers using our

Sustainable Agriculture Code. We're working on data collected through our Cool Farm

Tool to analyse performance for 25 other crops, including onions, garlic, carrots and

strawberries.

Knorr – partnering with farmers
Knorr, is sold in around 90 countries. It’s used by 320 million people every day, so as

well as being our largest food brand, it’s one of the world’s largest cooking brands too.

Knorr has worked closely with farmers for more than 175 years and today it’s making a

positive change across the food system – from the way food is grown to the way it’s

consumed.

High quality, sustainable ingredients are vital for Knorr’s delicious, nutritious food – and

its Landmark Farms and Sustainability Partnership Fund are just two of the ways it’s

promoting change for the better.

Spotlight

Landmark Farms: showcasing sustainability

Knorr Landmark Farm status is given to farmers who meet our SAC standards

and pioneer new technology or sustainable farming methods. Knorr works with

Landmark Farmers to help inspire consumers, journalists and local

communities about sustainable agriculture.

Worldwide, there are over 30 Landmark Farms that share knowledge and help

other farmers realise the positive impact that sustainable agriculture can have

on the quality of their produce, the efficiency of their operations, and their local

environment and wildlife.

Knorr's Sustainability Partnership Fund
Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership Fund spends up to €1 million a year co­funding

sustainable farming projects with suppliers to help improve their sustainability

practices.

A number of the Fund’s projects have supported better irrigation – as we see farmers

are having to adapt to droughts as rainfall becomes more unpredictable and

groundwater aquifers run low.

Spotlight

Connecting growers through irrigation partnerships

In Belgium, farmers growing potatoes, leeks and cauliflowers for Knorr in West

Flanders typically use surface water for irrigation. This means farmers

sometimes have to drive as far as 10km away to transport water by truck when

the surface water is not available. Meanwhile Ardo, a Knorr supplier of frozen

vegetables, creates 600,000 cubic metres of wastewater every year that could

be used to irrigate fields.

Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership Fund is contributing €200,000 over two years

to a major infrastructure project to construct a reservoir and pipeline. This will

provide 47 vegetable growers with irrigation water that has been recycled from

the Ardo factory, giving them a more sustainable, reliable source of water. The

project will also support farmers to use irrigation water more efficiently.

Construction of the €2.6 million project started in 2017 for completion in 2019. It

is being funded by the European Union, the local province of West­Vlaanderen,

Ardo and a co­operative of local farmers.

At the other side of the world in an arid region of Peru, a herb farmer growing

the parsley, basil and other herbs we need for Knorr is currently using flood

irrigation. The system is inefficient, which means he’s only able to irrigate half

his farm. Our Fund is co­funding drip irrigation to enable the farmer to save

around 100,000 cubic metres of water a year, irrigate all 12 hectares of the

farm and significantly increase yields.

Partnerships that enhance livelihoods
We developed our Enhancing Livelihoods Fund (ELF) (/news/news­and­

features/Feature­article/2015/boosting­smallholders­livelihoods­strengthening­our­

supply­chain.html) in 2015, in partnership with Oxfam and the Ford Foundation, to

enable investment in innovative projects in our supply chain. These projects aim to

improve the agricultural practices, skills, and livelihoods of smallholder farming

communities, with a specific focus on empowering women and training. The fund

provides a mix of loans, guarantees, and grants. It aims to incentivise investment in

new processes that make a difference to communities while improving sustainability

and crop yields. See Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/).

Spotlight

A mobile education

One of the first suppliers to receive support from the Enhancing Livelihoods

Fund was Marcatus QED. It used this investment alongside its own funding to

research and develop a gender­inclusive responsible farming curriculum

designed to help double the yield in its Indian gherkin supply chain within three

years.

The Marcatus Mobile Education Platform uses simple technology to help

families learn about sustainable agricultural practices through locally­made

farmer videos.

To assess the impact of its video­based training methodology, Marcatus QED

collected data from a randomised selection of farmers in over 1,200 villages

between November 2015 and April 2016. The results (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­

farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/impact­of­

training­programme­in­india.html) demonstrated a 63% adoption rate of

practices shown through group video screenings; 20% average increase in

yields compared to a group of non­participants; and a 24% increase in net

income compared to a group of non­participants.

The project reached a total of around 19,500 people. It has now concluded and

was evaluated in 2018. The Enhancing Livelihoods Fund is currently funding a

range of further projects.

 The Enhancing Livelihoods Investment Initiative (https://acumen.org/blog/unilever­

acumen­and­the­clinton­giustra­enterprise­partnership­announce­usd­10­million­

clinton­global­initiative­commitment­to­action­to­support­smallholder­farmers/) is a

partnership between Unilever, Acumen and the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership

(CGEP). It aims to improve the livelihoods of smallholder farmers and their

communities in Africa, South Asia, Latin America, and the Caribbean. Launched in

2015, the fund’s first investment (/news/press­releases/2015/Unilever­and­Acumen­

announce­investment­to­bring­cleaner­more­affordable­cook­stoves.html) of $800,000

went to BURN Manufacturing to bring their new low­cost, energy efficient wood­

burning cook stove to smallholder and plantation workers in tea estates in Kenya and

Tanzania.

Related links



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)







Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)

Transforming global food
systems (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­global­
food­systems/)

Connecting with smallholder
farmers to enhance livelihoods
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­
business/connecting­with­
smallholder­farmers­to­
enhance­livelihoods/)



Previous

Sustainable soy & rapeseed oils

Next 

Sustainable cocoa & sugar

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Sustainable cocoa & sugar
Cocoa and sugar are vital ingredients for many of our brands. We're

working with partners to source 100% sustainable cocoa and sugar so that

we can ensure our supply chain is resilient and we can meet consumer

demand.

Global commodities need a collective approach
Cocoa and sugar are both global commodities that often have complex supply chains:

cultivating them provides livelihoods to millions of people but is also associated with

issues such as deforestation, water use and human rights risks.

We buy only a small proportion of global production of either commodity, which means

we can best create the changes we want to see through partnership and collaboration

with others. Longstanding certification schemes for both ingredients enable buyers like

us to work with suppliers within existing sustainability frameworks – but we also

recognise the need to strengthen certification and improve traceability.

We’re committed to sourcing 100% of our cocoa and sugar sustainably by 2020 as

they’re priority crops for our business. That will help secure our future supply of vital

ingredients and improve transparency in our supply chains, which builds trust among

consumers and others. Through partnerships with our suppliers, we’re also aiming to

improve farmers’ agricultural practices and enhance their livelihoods.

Building capacity in cocoa

We buy around 1% of the global production of cocoa, mainly sourced from Côte

d’Ivoire and Ghana. We use the majority of this in our ice cream brands such as

Magnum, Walls and Ben & Jerry’s. Ben & Jerry’s worked with suppliers to achieve

Fairtrade Certification for all its cocoa by 2014. And by 2017, 98% of the cocoa we

need for Magnum was from Rainforest Alliance Certified  farms. See Targets &

TM

performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/)

for details of our progress.

The  Rainforest Alliance (https://www.rainforest­alliance.org/) works to conserve

biodiversity and improve smallholder farm practices by promoting and evaluating the

implementation of the Sustainable Agriculture Standard. The Standard promotes

ecosystem conservation, worker rights (including the prohibition of child labour), safety

and wildlife protection. It also covers topics such as water and soil conservation,

agrochemical reduction, decent housing, legal wages and contracts for workers.

Mapping our cocoa supply chain
In 2018, we became signatories of the Cocoa & Forests Initiative.



The Cocoa & Forests Initiative (CFI)

The  CFI (https://www.idhsustainabletrade.com/initiative/cocoa­and­forests/?

gclid=EAIaIQobChMIt87ekKPc3wIVR­R3Ch1wjAxFEAAYASAAEgL3wfD_BwE)

is jointly led by the World Cocoa Foundation, the International Sustainability Unit

(ISU) of HRH The Prince of Wales, and IDH – the Sustainable Trade Initiative.

Besides Unilever, 36 other companies have signed the Statement of Intent to

collaborate pre­competitively to help end deforestation and forest degradation in

the cocoa supply chain, beginning in Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana.

As a signatory, we’re committed to a process that will ensure evidence­based decision­

making and data sharing on forests, forest loss and degradation and patterns of land

use in cocoa­growing communities. To put these commitments into practice, we’ve

started mapping our direct cocoa supply chain, together with our suppliers, to improve

traceability and better understand where our cocoa comes from. This mapping will

enable us to better define deforestation risk, and to identify issues on the ground that

require remediation.

We see an urgent need for accurate mapping, classification and monitoring of cocoa

farms and forest cover to identify which areas need full protection, and which areas

should be reclassified to allow continued and sustainable cocoa production. So far,

we’ve mapped over 18,000 cocoa farms in Côte d’Ivoire.

We are working with the other signatories of the CFI on the right approach to

remediation of environmental and social issues on the ground.

Our prosperity is linked with smallholders'
livelihoods
Working together with our suppliers

and certification organisations is

critical to our ambition of sourcing our

cocoa sustainably – and can also

support our wider ambitions to

enhance the livelihoods of the

smallholder farmers in our supply

chains.

Cocoa supports the livelihoods of an

estimated 5.5 million farmers. For

5.5m

Farmers depend

on cocoa for their

livelihoods

many cocoa farmers, lack of access to training and other services results in poor

yields, which in turn can lead to farmers switching crops or leaving farming and moving

to urban centres in search of better jobs. This is particularly acute in the next

generation of cocoa farmers who often do not see cocoa as a viable livelihood.

Our business success depends on procuring the ingredients these farmers produce –

so we have a long­term interest in ensuring that sustainable cocoa farming supports

farmers and their communities. We work with key cocoa suppliers to drive livelihood

programmes directly with smallholder cocoa farmers, while preparation for certification

can also play an important role in capacity­building in agricultural supply chains.

Spotlight

Ben & Jerry’s & Fairtrade: getting closer to our farmers

“Sometimes the cocoa tree does not produce. Now, with Fairtrade, we are

receiving fertilisers (to spray on our farms) from the co­operative. At the

beginning I could only produce half a bag. Now I can produce seven (bags).”

So says Alphonsine N'Guetia, a cocoa farmer in Côte d’Ivoire. She’s the

Secretary of the Women’s Association of COOPAZA, one of three farmers’ co­

operatives taking part in our initiative with Fairtrade designed to bring us closer

to the people who grow our cocoa.

The Ben & Jerry’s partnership with Fairtrade aims to address many of the

barriers cocoa farmers like Alphonsine can face – such as low incomes,

seasonable food insecurity, low productivity and vulnerability to climate change.

The partnership is designed to make our supply chain more resilient and

transparent. It seeks to improve farmers’ household incomes and strengthen

the independence of co­operatives while supporting sustainable agricultural

practices. Our aim is to reach more than 3,600 co­operative members overall,

working with 1,800 farmers on productivity improvement and protection against

extreme poverty. We call this approach ‘linked prosperity’ because better

livelihoods for farmers and stronger environmental standards mean shoppers

can trust that the ice cream they buy is made from sustainably sourced cocoa.

Ben & Jerry’s has a close relationship with three cocoa­growing co­operatives

in Côte d’Ivoire, whose farmers have access to all the benefits of Fairtrade,

including the Fairtrade Minimum Price for their crop, extra financial support

from the premium paid for the Fairtrade cocoa, and additional training and

support for strengthening the co­operative and capacity­building.

Photo Fairtrade Foundation/Simon Rawles

A holistic approach to supporting smallholders
Building resilience among smallholder farmers extends beyond supporting

improvements in their agricultural practices. As we describe in Inclusive business

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/), a holistic approach that aims to address

the wider challenges they face is essential – and will play a crucial part in securing our

supplies for the future.

For example, in 2017 we developed an innovative pilot programme called ASPEN to

provide farmers in cocoa communities in West Africa with an additional source of

income by acting as sales agents for Unilever (and other) products. It’s a partnership

between one of our suppliers and TRANSFORM (a joint initiative between Unilever

and the UK government’s Department for International Development). The initiative

reaches 56 smallholders and is being implemented by NGO TechnoServe.

Spotlight

ASPEN: a unique partnership that supports cocoa-farmers’
incomes

Finding additional sources of income can be an important way for smallholder

farmers to build their resilience. In Côte d'Ivoire, the ASPEN project is exploring

how farmers can diversify their incomes by acting as sales agents for products

like soap, detergent and toothpaste in their local community. The project also

helps us develop what we call ‘last­mile’ distribution networks – getting

products to consumers in communities that can be hard to reach.

In 2018, 56 sales agents and helpers were trained and offered business

coaching to support them in setting up new small business ventures through

ASPEN. Around 40% of the participants were women farmers.

More information on our last­mile distribution networks, and our work with

smallholder farmers, is in Inclusive business (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­

livelihoods/).

Towards a sustainable global sugar supply
We’re working towards sourcing all our sugar from sustainable sources. We buy sugar

beet and sugar cane from a number of countries spanning Asia, the Americas, Europe

and Africa, each of which can have very different supply chains and challenges. While

we still have more to do, we’ve increased our supply from sustainable sources,

including through our work with suppliers and farmers to help them meet our

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) and equivalent standards; see Targets &

performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/)

for details.

While we’re proud of the progress we’ve made, in the longer term our aim is to help

create a global supply of sustainable sugar. We believe the best way to achieve this is

to harmonise the sustainable sourcing codes of the food and drink industries and forge

them into a single standard, which can have an impact at scale. That’s why we have

helped develop the Farm Sustainability Assessment through the Sustainable

Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform, which has been agreed by many businesses in the

food and beverages industries and gives farmers a single, simplified sustainability

framework to work to.



Bonsucro – making sugar supplies more transparent

We support the  Bonsucro (http://www.bonsucro.com/) standard, which aims

to improve standards of production in the cane sugar industry, including by

increasing the proportion of physically certified sugar from sugar cane. We

continue to buy Bonsucro credits while working with Bonsucro and others in the

Americas and Asia to apply a combined approach of credits and certifying

supply chains.

Related links

External links



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)



Fairtrade
(https://www.fairtrade.org.uk/)



Rainforest Alliance
(http://www.rainforest­
alliance.org/)



Bonsucro
(http://www.bonsucro.com/)



Sustainable Agriculture
Initiative (SAI) Platform
(http://www.saiplatform.org/)



Previous

Sustainable fruit & vegetables

Next 

Sustainable dairy

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Sustainable dairy
We’re working with our suppliers to achieve sustainable dairy production so

that we can foster positive environmental and social impacts in our supply

chain while giving consumers brands they can trust.

Driving standards on welfare, climate &
biodiversity
Dairy farms are important parts of our brands' ingredient supply chain, particularly for

our ice cream business. We encourage high standards among the farmers we source

from – including standards of animal welfare, greenhouse gas reduction and

biodiversity management.



The programmes that deliver our sustainable dairy commitment

Our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) sets out requirements for

suppliers and farmers of all our raw materials, including dairy.

Our Livestock Implementation Guides were developed with the help of our

external partners FAI Farms (Farm Animals Initiative) in 2013. They outline

specific advice for livestock farming and animal welfare.

For our dairy farmers, we provide extra guidance including on the treatment of

cows and calves, pasture management, and the management of manure,

silage, run­off and other nutrient sources, as well as pesticides and veterinary

medicines and many other criteria.

We support this guidance with training for farmers, including in the use of the

Cool Farm Tool which assesses emissions of greenhouse gases; the Cow

Compass (a way of monitoring animal welfare); and advice on how to set action

plans to improve energy use and enhance biodiversity.

In addition, Caring Dairy is our continuous improvement programme for the

farmers who supply the milk and cream for Ben & Jerry’s ice cream in North

America and Europe.

To find out more about the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code, see Our

approach to sustainable agriculture (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/).

Relationships with farmers are key - wherever
their farm is
Suppliers and farmers are achieving sustainable sourcing status in countries such as

Uruguay, Ecuador, the US, New Zealand, Germany and Finland. And in Australia and

Ireland, we’ve sourced 100% of our dairy sustainably since 2013 and 2015

respectively. See Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/) for our latest progress.

But farming is rarely the same in two places – so while we have a shared set of

standards, our approach can look very different from one farmyard to another. Our

dairy ingredients come from large farms, from cooperatives and from smallholders who

might own between two and five cows ­ so one size does not fit all.

Small farm or major co-op, we're focused on
improvements
Two initiatives show how we can adapt our approach as we seek to improve standards

and reduce the greenhouse gas emissions associated with dairy farming. Our

partnership with Enka Milk in Turkey works with around 4,000 farms, many very small,

while the Dairy Farmers of America is a large cooperative that supplies nearly a third of

our US dairy needs.

With Enka Milk, we’re looking at techniques that improve the comfort, health and

longevity of cows, while increasing the amount of milk cows produce at any one time

and over their lifetimes. With a local dairy consultant, we’ve implemented

improvements that have led to better yields and milk quality. Overall a 2% reduction in

GHG emissions has been achieved.

We’re now working on a model to roll out this programme, including through flagship

farms which demonstrate the improvements for other farmers. In 2019, we’re starting

certification of these farms against our updated Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017

(SAC 2017).

With the Dairy Farmers of America, we’re also developing an approach to reduce the

emission of greenhouse gases while improving animal health and welfare, and we’re

trialling the benefits of a feed additive with one of our suppliers in 2019.

Expanding our work with others
In 2018, we began working with the Dairy Sustainability Framework. This seeks to

create a holistic approach to sustainability in the global dairy value chain and aims to

develop an aligned approach to sustainable sourcing between buyers and producers

of dairy.

We took part in pilot schemes which looked at improvements and their impact on the

most material issues from a regional point of view. Taking a ‘landscape view’ like this is

a first for the dairy industry, so further work in 2019 will explore whether this approach

can be used as an industry standard.



Caring Dairy

Our  Caring Dairy (https://www.benjerry.com/caringdairy) Dairy initiative,

updated in 2016, has helped cooperatives supply ingredients for Ben & Jerry’s

ice cream in Europe and the US since 2002.

Caring Dairy uses a different overall assessment from our Sustainable

Agriculture Code but shares the Code’s principles and indicators. The

programme uses 12 indicators of sustainable agriculture to enable continuous

improvement. Each year participating farmers need to show their progress

against the indicators and highlight the actions they take in their commitment to

continuous improvement. Improvements include planting cover crops to reduce

soil erosion, planting without tilling the land (and so keeping more carbon in the

soil) and in 2017, reducing fertiliser use by 28%.

Participating farmers are compensated for their successful achievements.

Beyond meeting Caring Dairy’s Basic Requirements, farmers can seek Silver or

Gold level performance, with increasing reward for each level. All farms undergo

a third­party verification to evaluate how each farm meets the required

standards.

Farm animal welfare
As well as dairy products, a number of our brands use ingredients that come from farm

animals, such as meat in Knorr’s bouillons and soups or cage­free eggs for Hellmann’s

mayonnaise. We were one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to

start providing cage­free eggs for our products, and have committed to convert all our

global egg supply to cage­free by 2025.

Our section on farm animal welfare (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/farm­

animal­welfare.html) sets out the clear standards of care that we expect of our

suppliers of all animal­derived products.



Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare

Unilever achieved Tier 2 (Integral to Business Strategy) for the seventh

consecutive year in the  Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare 2018

Report. (PDF | 3MB) (/Images/business­benchmark­on­farm­animal­welfare­

2018_tcm244­531820_1_en.pdf) This report was published in February 2019

and is supported by Compassion in World Farming and World Animal Protection

(formerly known as the World Society for the Protection of Animals).

The Benchmark assesses farm animal welfare management, policy

commitment, performance and disclosure in food companies, enabling

investors, companies, NGOs and other stakeholders to understand corporate

practice and performance on farm animal welfare. Unilever’s position reflects

the fact that farm animal welfare is integral to our business strategy through

commitments made both in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and as

separate brand commitments.

Related links

Downloads

External links



Caring Dairy
(https://www.benjerry.



Implementation
Guide –
Sustainable
Livestock
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­
livestock­
implementation­
guide_tcm244­
424266_en.pdf)





Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)

Our approach
to sustainable
sourcing
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­
approach­to­
sustainable­
sourcing/)



Farm animal
welfare
(/sustainable­

living/what­
matters­to­
you/farm­
animal­
welfare.html)



Previous

Sustainable cocoa & sugar

Non­renewables sourcing

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Non-renewables sourcing
By working with our suppliers and the extraction industry on traceability and

standards for responsible sourcing, we aim to increase our positive social

impacts while building trust in our brands' supply chains.

Increasing transparency, greater collective action
Many of the raw materials we use each year to make our products are classified as

non­renewable. Around 6 million tonnes of these originate from minerals or metals

extracted from the earth.

However, the extraction and processing of minerals are sometimes associated with

human rights issues. Our Responsible Sourcing Policy guides us in managing our risks

to ensure we have supply chains that consumers can trust. We follow a three­pronged

approach to sourcing these non­renewable materials. We are:

developing traceability in our supply chain down to individual extraction sites

working with industry to co­create standards for responsible extraction, and

making a positive impact on the livelihoods of those who work in the non­

renewables supply chain.



Our Responsible Sourcing Policy

Our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­

sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf) (RSP) embodies our

commitment to conduct business with integrity, openness and respect for

universal human rights and core labour principles.

The RSP sets mandatory requirements on human and labour rights for suppliers

who have a business relationship with Unilever. It sets out our 12 Fundamental

Principles and defines the ‘mandatory requirements’ that suppliers must achieve

to do business with Unilever.

As we are not a major player in the area of mineral extraction, our approach has been

to work with suppliers and other industry players to collectively drive responsible

sourcing of these materials.

In 2013, we embarked on a programme to bring about transparency in our supply

chain by tracing materials back to their extraction sites, and understanding the

challenges, labour standards and working condition at these sites. We followed this

with detailed sessions with our suppliers, holding workshops in India in 2014 and

China in 2015. This resulted in the Code for Responsible Extraction (CORE), which we

co­created in 2015 by working closely with the NGO  Solidaridad

(https://www.solidaridadnetwork.org/program/promoting­responsible­practices) and

supplier and industry partners.



The Code for Responsible Extraction (CORE)

CORE offers a globally acceptable and credible assurance to buyers and other

stakeholders that industrial minerals are extracted in a responsible way.

It is independently audited and helps suppliers make continual improvements

towards five objectives.

Governance and legality: enhance compliance with legal requirements and

improve governance.

Labour and employment: improve working conditions and ensure labour

rights are protected.

Occupational health, safety and security: provide safe and healthy

workplaces.

Environment and ecosystem: avoid or minimise adverse impacts on the

environment.

Community and stakeholders: respect the rights and aspirations of affected

communities.

Increasing our reach through CORE

Where can we have most impact ­ on

society and on our business ­ and

how can we achieve it? These are the

questions that we asked ourselves,

and our partners, when we developed

and launched CORE following two

years of close collaboration with our

suppliers and the extraction industry.

Around half the non­renewables we

buy originate in India and China.

Those countries were also identified

as places where we had the greatest

opportunities both to manage our

supply chain risk and build trust and

to improve the livelihoods of workers.

As a result, we began to roll out

CORE with suppliers in India and

China in 2016, using assessments at

extraction sites to identify where its

standards are not being met and

working with suppliers to make the

necessary improvements.

By the end of 2018, around 70% of

“

Previously we used to

travel long distances to

use the toilet.

Sometimes, we control

our bladder and tend to

not drink sufﬁcient

water despite the

scorching heat due to

lack of toilets. Now with

the toilets built, I ﬁnd it

very convenient and I

am able to work

comfortably.

”

Salt pan worker, India

our volumes sourced in India and China came from suppliers verified as complying

with CORE. And thanks to the support of around 30 suppliers operating over 50 sites,

this has meant improvements in areas such as compliance with regulations and

ensuring that drinking water, sanitation facilities, rest shelters, adequate personal

protective equipment and access to healthcare are all provided to workers.

While we are still at an early stage, there are encouraging signs that CORE is enabling

positive social impacts. In the salt industry in India, for example, where it is not

uncommon for workers to be exposed to extremely high temperatures, lack of

sanitation facilities and access to water, CORE enabled suppliers to improve working

conditions and strengthen workers’ grievance mechanisms to highlight possible issues.

So far, sanitation facilities have been built and access to water has been improved at

around 40 sites.

Also in India, in Gujarat and Rajasthan our suppliers are taking the opportunity to

support local communities by providing water pumped from their mines for non­

drinking use.

Related links

Downloads



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­



Human Rights Report 2017
PDF | 10MB

impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)

(/Images/human­rights­
progress­report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)



Previous

Sustainable dairy

Our sustainable agriculture programme

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Protecting biodiversity
Biodiversity underpins the health of the natural world ­ and is essential to

the prosperity of communities, economies, and our business. By protecting

biodiversity, we aim to have a positive impact on people's livelihoods while

strengthening the agricultural systems on which we depend.

Why biodiversity matters to our business
We are one of the world’s largest users of agricultural raw materials such as tea,

vegetables and vegetable oils. Agriculture ­ and the livelihoods of farmers and farming

communities ­¬ is dependent on the ecosystems in which crops and commodities are

grown. Soil, water, the diversity of pollinating insects and the large­scale natural

systems that surround them, such as forest and wetland ­ these and other forms of

natural capital all provide what are called 'ecosystem services' from which we benefit

as a business.

Conserving these biodiverse ecosystems is therefore essential to us in two ways: it

strengthens the supply of ingredients on which our brands depend; and it supports the

flourishing of the societies and economies in which we do business. In particular, the

loss of crop biodiversity carries specific risks by compromising nutritional security and

reducing crop resilience.

The importance of protecting biodiversity for communities and landscapes the world

over is highlighted in the UN’s Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 15 Life on Land,

although the success of a number of the other SDGs, such as SDG 2 on ending

hunger, rely on biodiversity too.

That's why we need to protect biodiversity and ensure that our sourcing activities do

not encourage detrimental land use changes or practices if we are to achieve our

ambition of sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably while growing as a

business.

“

The business case for protecting biodiversity is quite

simple. Without biodiversity, there is no business.

Giulia Stellari, our Sustainable Sourcing Director

”

At the heart of our Sustainable Agriculture
Programme
Protecting biodiversity is central to our Sustainable Agriculture Programme, which

drives our work with suppliers and farmers. One of the four principles in our

Programme is: ‘Ensuring any adverse effects on biodiversity from agricultural activities

are minimised and positive contributions are made where possible’. Biodiversity is also

one of the 11 core indicators we use to measure sustainable farming practices.

The  Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/sustainable­

agriculture­code­­sac­­­2017_tcm244­515371_1_en.pdf) has a specific chapter

devoted to biodiversity, which is explained in detail on Our sustainable agriculture

programme (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­

programme/). It covers both ecosystem services and the protection of rare and

vulnerable species and ecosystems on and around farms. The Code aims to ensure

that our agricultural sourcing activities minimise impacts from land use, or land use

change, on biodiversity, natural capital and ecosystem services. The third­party

certification schemes that we use, including Rainforest Alliance and the Roundtable on

Sustainable Palm Oil, share these aims too.

Taking action to eliminate deforestation
Forests support 80% of terrestrial

biodiversity, and around 1.6 billion

people worldwide depend on them for

food, medicines, fuel, shelter, jobs

and livelihoods. So deforestation is a

social as well as an environmental

threat ­ especially given the major

contribution deforestation makes to

climate change.

We’re committed to taking action

against deforestation associated with

80%

Of biodiversity

on land is

supported by

forests

sourcing our agriculture­based ingredients, paper and pulp for packaging and the

extraction of non­renewable resources.

Together with the other 400 members of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), in 2010

we made a commitment to zero deforestation (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­forests/) by 2020 with four

commodities: palm oil, soy, paper and pulp, and beef. We’ve since extended this 2020

commitment to our own tea businesses and supply chains, reflecting the importance of

tea in our portfolio and the impact this commitment will make on others to act.

Unilever led the foundation of the Tropical Forest Alliance 2020 (TFA), a public­private

partnership between the CGF and the governments of the US, UK, Netherlands,

Norway, Indonesia and Liberia. The TFA is committed to reducing and eventually

eliminating the deforestation associated with the sourcing of palm oil, soy, paper and

pulp and beef.

Working with farmers to protect biodiversity
We have run pilot programmes with some of our suppliers that have shown that it is

possible to adopt better agricultural practices that are sensitive to biodiversity without

harming agricultural yield or profitability.

Spotlight

Biodiversity Action Plans

We want to inspire farmers to start their own Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs).

The scope for a BAP can range from field to landscape level in the growing

area of any crop. The ideas behind the plans often come from farmers and

suppliers themselves, based on the wild animals or plants they value or have

observed.

Since biodiversity issues vary widely across the world, farmers’ efforts have

resulted in a wide range of projects. Some are showcased in our booklet,

 Unilever Suppliers – A Closer Look at Biodiversity (PDF | 998KB)

(/Images/unilever­suppliers_a­closer­look­at­biodiversity_2015_tcm244­

423993_en.pdf).

Improving our understanding of biodiversity
Our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC) is developing new scientific

approaches that will enhance knowledge of our biodiversity impact, for example

through the development of predictive land change models and activities aimed at

linking trade flow information with land use and biodiversity.

These activities build on SEAC’s previous work in this area. For instance, through

collaboration with the  Natural Capital Project

(http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/what­is­natural­capital/) at Stanford University,

we’ve developed approaches to predict impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem

services associated with the sourcing of bio­based materials. Our new approach is

called Land­Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment (LUCI­LCA) and was

published in 2017. The method predicts the impacts of future large­scale increases in

demand for agricultural materials. It can be used to guide future policy, innovation and

sourcing decisions.

Find out more about the other organisations we are working with to understand and

assess natural capital (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/natural­

capital/).

Related links

Downloads



Unilever Suppliers – A Closer
Look at Biodiversity, 2015
PDF | 998KB
(/Images/unilever­suppliers_a­
closer­look­at­
biodiversity_2015_tcm244­
423993_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Palm Oil
Sourcing Policy, 2016
PDF | 167KB
(/Images/unilever­palm­oil­
policy­2016_tcm244­
479933_en.pdf)



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)



Natural capital (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/natural­capital/)



Transforming the palm oil
industry (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­the­
palm­oil­industry/)



Previous

Our sustainable agriculture programme

Next 

Sustainable paper & board sourcing

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Sustainable sourcing

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Transforming the palm oil industry
Our ambition is to make sustainable palm oil commonplace ­ which means

working with partners and through our own supply chain to drive

sustainable change.

Why we're driving change

Palm oil is an important raw material for many of our brands – and securing a supply of

sustainable palm oil is vital to the future success of our business.

Our Sustainable Palm Oil Policy sets out our commitment to 100% traceability for all

the crude palm oil and derivatives that we buy and our target of achieving, by the end

of 2019, 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes. But

tackling the complex social and environmental issues in the palm oil supply chain

requires more than policy commitments – it requires the transformation of an industry.

Through partnerships, advocacy, and committed work on the ground, we're helping to

lead real progress towards our vision of a supply chain in which sustainable palm oil is

commonplace. In this section, we describe our work in the following areas:

Our approach to sustainable palm oil (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/our­approach­to­

sustainable­palm­oil/)

Engaging our palm oil suppliers (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/engaging­our­palm­

oil­suppliers/)

Improving the visibility of our supply chain (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/improving­the­visibility­of­our­supply­chain/)

The importance of smallholders (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/the­importance­of­

smallholders/)

Partnerships for transformational change (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/partnerships­for­transformational­change/)

Everything you need to know about palm oil
Palm oil . . . Most people have never seen it. Some people may never have heard of it.

But there’s a good chance that almost everyone has used it.



What exactly is palm oil?

Palm oil is a vegetable oil, which comes from the fruit of oil palm trees.

There are two types of oil that can be extracted from palm fruit: palm oil, which

comes from the pulp of the fruit; and palm kernel oil, which comes from the

seed, or kernel, of the fruit. The process involves crushing the fruit and removing

the liquid oil inside. Both types of oil are edible with palm kernel oil more solid at

room temperature. This makes it ideal for cooking as well as a key ingredient in

many products, such as shampoos, ice cream and chocolate.

Where does palm oil originate?
The vast majority of today’s

commercial palm oil derives from a

specific type of palm called the

African oil palm – or ‘Elais

guineensis’, to give it its scientific

name. As the name suggests, it

originates from the rainforests of West

Africa.

Oil palms only grow in the tropics, the

narrow band around the Equator.

>85%

Of all palm oil comes

from Indonesia and

Malaysia

Today, over 85% of all palm oil comes from Indonesia and Malaysia. In recent years,

palm oil production has also begun to expand into the tropical regions of Latin America

and back to where it originates, West Africa.

Palm oil is big business nowadays, right?
Palm oil has grown into a major global industry over recent decades. Farmers today

produce over 70 million tonnes  of palm oil annually – that’s more than double what

1

they were producing just 20 years ago . Estimates indicate that palm oil plantations
3

now cover more than 27 million hectares  ­ an area bigger than the size of New

2

4
Zealand.

Palm oil plantations cover

27
millio
n

hecta
res

­ an area bigger

than New Zealand

So why is palm oil in such high demand these
days?
Palm oil is a highly versatile crop. Not only is it a popular cooking oil, but it is also an

ingredient found in many foods and beauty products, such as ice cream, chocolate,

shampoo and make­up. Of course, as the world’s population grows, so does the

demand for the crop. In recent years, it is used as a biofuel too.

What does Unilever use palm oil for?
Palm oil is used across a variety of our products. We buy around 1 million tonnes of

crude palm oil and around 0.5 million tonnes of palm kernel oil and other derivatives

every year. This makes us one of the largest buyers of palm oil in the world.

One of the great attributes of palm oil is that it helps lock in flavours and creates a

smooth and creamy texture. This makes it perfect for food products like our

mayonnaises and salad dressings and for chocolate and ice cream brands too.

It also works as a stabilising agent, helping to bind products together, which makes it

ideal for shampoos, moisturising lotions, soaps, body oils and many other personal

care products. It also serves a similar function in household cleaners and a host of

other home care products.

Is palm oil bad for people's health?
When consumed in moderation as part of a balanced diet, palm oil is not bad for your

health. People have been consuming palm oil for thousands of years. It is used as a

home cooking ingredient in many countries around the world, particularly in West

Africa, South East Asia and Brazil and is also included in a range of food products.

Like all fats and oils, palm oil is a concentrated source of energy for our body. A small

amount of fat is a key part of a healthy, balanced diet. Fat is a source of essential fatty

acids, which the body can't make itself. The World Health Organization recommends

that in a healthy diet between 15 and 35% of daily calories should come from fat.

Most fats and oils contain both saturated and unsaturated fats in different proportions.

However, too much fat in our diets, especially trans fats and saturated fats, can raise

cholesterol, which increases the risk of heart disease. Palm oil is virtually trans fat free

and although the proportion of saturated fats is lower than the saturated fat content of

similar fats such as coconut oil, butter and cocoa butter, palm oil is still relatively high

in saturated fat.

Palm oil is often used in products because it provides the ‘hard or solid’ fat that is

needed for pastries, cookies, crackers and other items that require long shelf stability

and a particular mouth feel or texture. These properties can also be provided by dairy

fats, but these are high in both trans fats and saturated fats. Another alternative to

palm oil is partially hydrogenated oils, but these fats are high in trans fats and for this

reason we do not use them in our products.

Is palm oil production causing deforestation and
harming local wildlife?
Palm oil only grows in the tropics,

which is where there are tropical

rainforests home to a host of flora and

fauna. The rising demand for palm oil

and other agricultural commodities

has led to forest loss in these areas.

A balance clearly needs to be struck

between the rising demand for the

crop and the economic benefit this

brings to millions of people working in

the industry, and protecting the

100%

We have committed

to sourcing 100% of

our palm oil

sustainably by 2019

world’s forests and the wildlife that lives there. That is why we are at the forefront of

driving sustainable production and have committed to sourcing 100% of our palm oil

sustainably by 2019 as well as eliminating deforestation from our supply chain.

What is Unilever doing to address the
environmental and social problems of palm oil?
For more than 15 years now, we have been at the forefront of driving industry­wide

change. We do this in two ways. First, by focusing on our own operations and supply

chain, and second by working to transform the wider industry.

In our own operations, we work closely with our suppliers. All of our suppliers need to

adhere to our  Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy (PDF | 167KB)

(/Images/unilever­palm­oil­policy­2016_tcm244­479933_en.pdf), which was updated in

2016 with stronger commitments to human rights and inclusion of smallholder farmers

amongst other requirements.

We are also working to increase traceability in this complex supply chain to enable

clearer visibility of issues and how we can work with our suppliers and partners to

resolve them. Find out more about how we are doing this here (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/improving­the­visibility­of­our­supply­chain/) and how we address any

concerns in our supply chain here (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/engaging­our­palm­oil­

suppliers/).

To help transform the wider industry, in 2004, we helped pioneer the  Roundtable on

Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) (https://www.rspo.org/), the only globally recognised

certification standard, to help drive sustainable production. We did this because we

realised that no single business can turn the industry around. All those with a stake in

the industry need to be involved. So, the RSPO represents both growers and buyers,

as well as mill operators, commodity traders, non­profit environmental and social

groups, and other influential organisations.

Roundtable on Sustainable
Palm Oil
We helped pioneer the RSPO in

2004

because we

realised that no

single business

can turn the

industry around.

Is certification of palm oil producers the best
solution?
Certification is one of the ways to help to transform how palm oil is produced and

traded and the role of the RSPO has played a key role in this. However, we know that

certification alone does not guarantee solutions to all the social and environmental

issues facing the sector.

The sheer complexity of the global palm oil industry means a single approach is not

suitable. Therefore, we have a number of different programmes in place with our

partners as we strongly believe that is the most effective way to promote widespread

change in the industry.

Read more about this here (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/improving­the­visibility­

of­our­supply­chain/).

Why aren't you using an alternative to palm oil?
As well as the unique properties of

palm oil, which make it well­suited for

many of our products, palm oil is also

in fact the most land­efficient

vegetable oil available. Oil palms

produce more oil per hectare of land

than any other oil­producing crop. For

example, to get the same amount of

oil from soybeans, you would need

seven times more farmland . That

5

means more agricultural land devoted

to non­food crops, as well as more

forests coming under threat. In

addition, the production of oil palm

4.5m

People in

Indonesia and

Malaysia rely on

the palm oil

industry for their

livelihood

requires less energy, as well as fewer fertilisers and pesticides.

It’s important to also not forget the economic benefit the industry has had on the

millions of smallholder farmers and economies of producing countries. For example, in

Indonesia and Malaysia, 4.5 million people rely on the palm oil industry for their

livelihood.

Realistically, will the palm oil industry ever
become 100% sustainable?
We fully believe it can, and we are doing everything in our power to make it happen.

Over the years, however, we have learned two important lessons about sustainability.

First, there is no quick­fix. The necessary solutions are multiple and often take time to

implement. Second, no single organisation can deliver sustainability alone. Even

though Unilever is one of the world’s biggest buyers of palm oil, we form just a small

part of a vast and complex global industry.

A 100% sustainable palm oil industry, which meets growing global demand while

simultaneously protecting the planet and people’s livelihoods and human rights, can

only ever come about through cooperation and collective action. That means everyone

involved in the palm oil sector – buyers, traders, suppliers, farmers, consumers and

governments – working together. This is already happening, but lots more needs to be

done and it needs to happen faster.

Find out more about how we are driving sustainable palm oil production here

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­

the­palm­oil­industry/improving­the­visibility­of­our­supply­chain/).

1
 https://gain.fas.usda.gov/Recent%20GAIN%20Publications/Oilseeds%20and%20Products%20Annual_Jakarta_Indonesia_3­

15­2017.pdf (PDF | 940KB)

(https://gain.fas.usda.gov/Recent%20GAIN%20Publications/Oilseeds%20and%20Products%20Annual_Jakarta_Indonesia_3­

15­2017.pdf)

2
 https://gro­intelligence.com/insights/palm­oil­production­and­demand (PDF | 1MB)

(https://gain.fas.usda.gov/Recent%20GAIN%20Publications/Oilseeds%20and%20Products%20Annual_Jakarta_Indonesia_3­

15­2017.pdf)

3
 https://www.spott.org/palm­oil/landbank/ (https://www.spott.org/palm­oil/landbank/)

4
 https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/AG.SRF.TOTL.K2?locations=NZ&view=chart

(https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/AG.SRF.TOTL.K2?locations=NZ&view=chart)

5
 See stats for ‘land use’:  http://www.palmoilresearch.org/statistics.html

(http://www.palmoilresearch.org/statistics.html)

Related links



Our approach to sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/)



Transforming global food systems (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­global­food­systems/)



Protecting our forests (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­
forests/)



Global climate action (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­
becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/global­climate­
action/)



Previous

Our approach to sustainable sourcing

Next 

Sustainable tea ­ leading the industry

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Our approach to sustainable palm oil
We're making progress towards a sustainable palm oil supply chain through

a clear strategy and implementation plan.

A policy aimed at transformational change
Our  Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy (PDF | 167KB) (/Images/unilever­palm­

oil­policy­2016_tcm244­479933_en.pdf) drives our efforts to achieve our target of

100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by 2019, as

part of our vision of transforming the palm oil industry.

At the heart of our Policy is our commitment to the principles of 'No deforestation, No

development on peat, No exploitation of people and communities'. Often referred to as

'NDPE', this is the focus of multi­sector efforts to transform the palm oil industry.

We aim to build a supply chain that delivers more efficient land use and forest

protection, while increasing our positive social impact, with a focus on the inclusion of

smallholders and women to support improvements in their productivity and incomes.

This commitment is embodied in the Five Principles for Sustainable Palm Oil that we

require all our suppliers to meet.



Our Five Principles for Sustainable Palm Oil

No deforestation.

No development on peat.

No exploitation of people or communities.

Driving positive social and economic impact for smallholders and women

while protecting forests.

Transparency.

These Five Principles are set out in full in our  Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing

Policy (PDF | 167KB) (/Images/unilever­palm­oil­policy­2016_tcm244­

479933_en.pdf).

A framework for ensuring NDPE
We support the principles of NDPE through our framework of policies, which cover

both environmental and social objectives.

Our  Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy (PDF | 407KB) (/Images/unilever­

sustainable­palm­oil­sourcing­policy­2016_tcm244­507621_en.pdf) and

 Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­

interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf) include criteria which aim to address

prevailing and systemic human rights issues in the palm oil supply chain. This includes

respect for land rights, which are critical for people's food security and for inclusive

social and economic development.

One of the Fundamental Principles of our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP)

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­

rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/) is that the land rights of communities,

including indigenous peoples, will be protected and promoted. Due diligence relating to

established rights to property and land is a mandatory requirement of our RSP. We’ve

also identified land rights as one of our salient issues in our  Human Rights Report

2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf)

and we recognise that the rights of women to land ownership and access to land play

an important part in closing the global gender gap.



Free, prior & informed consent

We are committed to the principle of free, prior and informed consent (FPIC).

This principle forms part of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous

Peoples and the UN Voluntary Guidelines for the Responsible Governance of

Tenure of Land, Fisheries and Forests in the Context of National Food Security.

We support the implementation of these guidelines by national authorities.

To achieve our ambition of driving sustainable market transformation, we work beyond

our own supply chain – through collaboration with key suppliers, governments, NGOs

and the broader industry. For details of this wider work, see Partnerships for

transformational change (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/partnerships­for­

transformational­change/).

Our policy in action
Addressing the social and environmental issues associated with palm oil requires more

than commitments. We are delivering on our strategy with an implementation plan that

is driving our progress in several key areas. We are working towards our end 2019

target; engaging our direct suppliers; improving traceability and transparency to

manage risk; and bringing more smallholder farmers into our supply chain.

Our time-bound plan to 100% physically certified
palm oil by 2019
We've set out milestones towards our goal of sourcing 100% physically certified palm

oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by the end of 2019. The chart below shows

our actual performance versus our commitment as well as the actual tonnage of

physically certified sustainable palm oil that we have purchased each year. Physically

certified palm oil is sustainable palm oil certified through either the RSPO Mass

Balance or Segregated certification standards or an equivalent standard that is

independently verified by a third party. We publish our progress towards achieving our

sustainable palm oil sourcing targets annually.

While we have had a clear path and roadmap in place to achieve 100% sustainable

palm oil for our core volumes by 2019, the situation for palm kernel oil (PKO) and its

derivatives is very different – and much less straightforward. There is a limited supply

of sustainable PKO and looking at all the commitments in place across the industry,

this shortage will become even greater in the coming years.

In addition, the supply chain for PKO is hugely complex, making it very difficult to

identify where PKO originates, which means we need to be very diligent in selecting

the suppliers and regions we source our PKO from.

To overcome this, Unilever is working on a range of initiatives to achieve a positive

breakthrough in the market aimed at bringing more suppliers on board the

sustainability journey and improving traceability of PKO. In parallel, we are looking at

an acceptable timeline and glidepath to achieve 100% sustainable PKO.

There are a number of options for buying and certifying that the core volumes of palm

oil we use are sustainable.



What do we mean by core volumes, physically certified, mass
balance & segregated?

Core volumes exclude derivatives of palm fatty acid distillates (which are by­

products of the refining process), tail ingredients and materials processed by

third­party manufacturers.

‘Physically certified’ palm oil means sustainable palm oil that is certified through

either the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil’s (RSPO) Mass Balance or

Segregated certification standards, or an equivalent standard that is

independently verified by a third party.

Mass balance means physically certified palm oil that has been mixed with

uncertified palm oil at any stage in the supply chain, provided that volumes of

certified palm oil are administratively monitored and controlled throughout the

supply chain.

Segregated palm oil is physically certified palm oil that has been kept separate

from uncertified palm oil throughout the supply chain.

For more information about certification and the RSPO see  www.rspo.org

(http://www.rspo.org).

Engaging our direct suppliers
Our direct suppliers are crucial

partners and working closely with

them has helped us make significant

progress towards our targets. For

details of our continuing work with

suppliers, see Engaging our palm oil

suppliers (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­

sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/engaging­our­palm­oil­

suppliers/).

56%

Of our core

volumes of palm

†

oil  from

physically

certified sources

in 2017

Traceability, transparency & identifying risks
By enhancing our own and our

stakeholders' understanding of where

our palm oil comes from, we improve

our ability to identify and address

risks and build trust in our supply

chain.

We've made real progress on

mapping our suppliers, third­party

suppliers and mills in our extended

supply chain.

78%

Of our core

volumes of palm

oil traceable in

2017

We were the first major consumer goods company to publish our supplier and mill

data: we have now identified around 1,400 of the palm oil mills in our ‘mill universe’.

For details see, Improving the visibility of our supply chain (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/improving­the­visibility­of­our­supply­chain/).

Including smallholders & driving a jurisdictional
approach
We're developing and trialling

programmes that support the

inclusion of smallholders in

sustainable supply chains, with a

focus on a jurisdictional approach.

More detail on many of our

smallholder farmer programmes can

be found be found here (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­

2,100

Smallholder farmers

directly supported in

our supply chain in

2017

livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/). For details of our approach and

progress, see The importance of smallholders (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/the­

importance­of­smallholders/).

The road to sustainable palm oil & systemic
change
Since the late 1800s our business has needed supplies of palm oil, for soap and later

for many products from shampoos to spreads. But as world demand for this versatile

oil grew, so did demands on the environment. The future of the industry began to look

bleak as concerns about people, forests and wildlife increased. In 2004 we co­founded

the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil with WWF to improve standards in the palm

oil industry. Since then we’ve been working hard, not only to deliver on our own

ambitious commitments but to drive much­needed systemic change across the

industry.

Transforming the industry relies on many partners, from the farmers and suppliers who

provide our palm oil, to governments and NGOs and even fund managers who are

starting to catalyse specific investment in sustainably produced palm oil.  Our

timeline (PDF | 581KB) (/Images/unilevers­sustainble­palm­oil­journey_tcm244­

521245_en.pdf) highlights some of the seminal steps we’ve taken in pursuing our

commitments, partnerships and projects over the last decade and a half.

How others view our progress
We welcome external scrutiny of our sustainable palm oil commitments and our

progress in meeting them. Recent external views include:

The Dow Jones Sustainability Index named Unilever as Personal Products

sector leader in 2017. We achieved an overall score of 89 out of a possible 100.

CDP (The Carbon Disclosure Project) Forests report in October 2017 awarded

Unilever leadership and A grades on all four assessed commodities ­ palm oil,

timber, cattle products and soy – out of 201 companies that disclosed their

progress. CDP also recognised us as a world leader for corporate action on climate

change for the 13th consecutive year.

Greenpeace's Palm Oil Scorecard assesses the progress global consumer brands

are making on their no deforestation commitments. In the 2018 Scorecard we were

commended for our transparency in publishing our supplier and mill data.

WWF's 2016 Palm Oil Buyers Scorecard gave Unilever 9 out of 9. WWF mentioned

Unilever as being a leader, but also challenged us to increase our uptake of

physical certified sustainable palm oil, which we are actively working towards with

our target of 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core

volumes by the end of 2019.

Global Canopy Programme’s Forest 500 Annual Report 2017 gave Unilever a

score of 5 out of 5, whilst highlighting that the sector as a whole is not on track to

meet 2020 no deforestation goals.

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Related links

Downloads



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)



Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing
Policy
PDF | 167KB
(/Images/unilever­palm­oil­
policy­2016_tcm244­
479933_en.pdf)





Sustainable Palm Oil Report ­
Nov 2014 ­ High Resolution
PDF | 18MB
(/Images/uslp­unilever­palm­
oil­report­nov14_tcm244­
424235_en.pdf)

Sustainable Palm Oil Report ­
Nov 2014 ­ Low Resolution
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/uslp_unilever­
sustainable­palm­oil­progress­
report­lr_tcm244­
424222_en.pdf)







Transforming global food
systems (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­global­
food­systems/)

Protecting our forests
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­our­forests/)

Global climate action
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/global­climate­
action/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Engaging our palm oil suppliers
Working with our suppliers plays a vital role in achieving our target of

making sustainable palm oil commonplace.

Suppliers hold the key to sustainable palm oil
The suppliers we buy our palm oil from are at the heart of our ambition to make

sustainable palm oil commonplace. By working closely with them to drive improved

standards, we have progressed more than halfway to our target of 100% physically

certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by the end of 2019 – and they

will play a central part in our future progress.

This work is underpinned by our  Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy (PDF |

167KB) (/Images/unilever­palm­oil­policy­2016_tcm244­479933_en.pdf), which

describes our commitment to respecting human rights, adhering to national laws,

becoming more inclusive of smallholder farmers and increasing the traceability of our

supply chain. We require all our suppliers to comply with our Five Principles for

Sustainable Palm Oil throughout their operations, including traders and their third

parties.

Within this framework, we know that our suppliers are at different stages of progress

towards sustainability. That means working with them in different ways so that,

together, we can have the most impact. In practice, that results in a combination of

approaches: proactive engagement aimed at improving standards, and responding to

challenges brought to our attention.

We believe transparency plays an important role – and we have published a full list of

our direct suppliers on our website. For more details of our work in this area, see

Improving the visibility of our supply chain (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/improving­the­visibility­

of­our­supply­chain/).

Spotlight

Industry-first partnership with direct suppliers to support
smallholders & 'NDPE'

Our suppliers can help us get closer to the people who grow our palm oil –

which in turn helps us ensure it comes from sustainable sources.

In January 2018, for example, we signed a Memorandum of Understanding

(MoU) with the Indonesian government­owned palm oil plantation company PT

Perkebunan Nusantara (PTPN). It sets out how we will work together to support

local mills and smallholder farmers to produce palm oil according to the

standards of no deforestation, no development on peat and no exploitation of

people and communities (NDPE).

As part of the partnership, PTPN will provide Unilever access to its mills and its

supplying farmer base, and we will support the mills and farmers to obtain

sustainability certification through a combination of dedicated resources,

funding and technical expertise. This will ensure smallholder farmers are better

positioned to enter the palm oil supply chain – they will be able to increase their

productivity while producing palm oil to the right standards.

Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer, said: “The MoU with PTPN is the

first time we can apply the produce­protect model at scale – our partnership will

have a positive impact in Indonesia from an environmental, social and

economic perspective, which makes it unique to the industry.”

Addressing concerns with our palm oil suppliers
We know that serious issues, including human rights issues, exist within the palm oil

industry. So as well as working alongside our suppliers to help them improve their

standards, we need to respond whenever concerns about a particular supplier are

brought to our attention – and to make sure our response is transparent and

appropriate.

We're committed to handling all allegations of supplier non­compliance with our Policy

responsibly and have a clear Grievance Procedure for doing so.



Our Grievance Procedure for Sustainable Palm Oil

Our  Grievance Procedure for Sustainable Palm Oil (PDF | 2MB)

(/Images/palm­oil­grievance­procedure_tcm244­510633_en.pdf) provides a

systematic framework for handling, investigating and resolving both social and

environmental issues within our supply chain in a timely, transparent and

effective manner.

The process includes three important steps:

An acknowledgement of the grievance and a preliminary review to determine

whether the grievance is applicable to our supply chain.

An in­depth review of the grievance, working with the supplier and an

independent organisation to develop a time­bound action and remediation

plan.

Actions implemented by the supplier to resolve the issue, with the outcomes

monitored.

We will often involve an independent organisation at various stages to collate

further information and outline the requirements that the supplier needs to

adhere to. We have found that it is better to work with suppliers to help improve

practices and resolve issues. However, we will take appropriate action,

consistent with our Five Principles for Sustainable Palm Oil, against suppliers

who are unwilling or unable to comply.

In line with our Grievance Procedure and our commitment to a sustainable palm

oil industry, we have a Palm Oil Grievance Form (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/engaging­our­palm­oil­suppliers/lodge­a­palm­oil­grievance­with­

unilever.html) where you can lodge a palm oil grievance, or you can email us at

feedback.palmoil@unilever.com (mailto:feedback.palmoil@unilever.com).   

Related links

Downloads









Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)

Transforming global food
systems (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­global­
food­systems/)

Protecting our forests
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­our­forests/)

Global climate action
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/global­climate­
action/)















Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing
Policy
PDF | 167KB
(/Images/unilever­palm­oil­
policy­2016_tcm244­
479933_en.pdf)

Grievance Procedure for
Sustainable Palm Oil
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/palm­oil­grievance­
procedure_tcm244­
510633_en.pdf)

Unilever Palm Oil Grievance
Tracker
PDF | 721KB
(/Images/unilever­palm­oil­
grievance­tracker_tcm244­
530071_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to the
allegations against the Salim
Group ­ November 2018
PDF | 61KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
the­allegations­against­the­
salim­group­november­
2018_tcm244­528518_en.pdf)

Unilever response to
Greenpeace Final Countdown
report (2018)
PDF | 102KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
greenpeace­final­countdown­
report­2018_tcm244­
526325_en.pdf)

Unilever response to the
allegations against the Salim
Group (2018)
PDF | 46KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
allegations­against­salim­
group_tcm244­
523124_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to the
allegations against the HSA
Group (2018)
PDF | 236KB
(/Images/hsa­statement­
040518_tcm244­
522002_en.pdf)













Unilever responds to the
allegations against palm oil
company Sawit Sumbermas
Sarana (2017)
PDF | 82KB
(/Images/ssms­response­26­
june­2017_tcm244­
507478_en.pdf)

Unilever response to Amnesty
International ­ March 2018
PDF | 228KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
amnesty­international­­­mar­
2018_tcm244­
522764_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to Amnesty
International ­ April 2017
PDF | 507KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
amnesty­international­­­apr­
2017_tcm244­
522763_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to Amnesty
International ­ November 2016
PDF | 477KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
amnesty­international­­­nov­
2016_tcm244­
522765_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to Amnesty
International ­ October 2016
PDF | 531KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
amnesty­international­­­oct­
2016_tcm244­
522766_1_en.pdf)

Unilever response to Amnesty
International report (2016)
PDF | 153KB
(/Images/unilever­response­to­
amnesty­international­report­
30112016_tcm244­
496177_en.pdf)


Sustainable
sourcing

Improving the visibility of our supply chain
Our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy is helping us drive progress towards a visible, traceable

supply of sustainable palm oil that is produced with respect for people's rights and without

deforestation.

Knowing more about where our palm oil comes from
Gaining greater visibility of our supply chain is crucial: it helps us identify issues on the ground and remediate

them effectively, often in partnership with our suppliers, NGOs and government stakeholders.

We're working towards greater visibility in two main ways: by mapping the suppliers, third­party suppliers and

mills in our extended supply chain to really understand where our palm oil comes from; and through our grievance

mechanism, which enables others to raise issues with us, and which is described in Engaging our palm oil

suppliers (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/engaging­our­palm­oil­suppliers/). Our work on identifying smallholders in our supply chain is described

in The importance of smallholders (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/the­importance­of­smallholders/).



Improving traceability & visibility of our palm oil mills

In 2018 we were able to trace 88% of our palm oil back to the mill it originates from. And we have visibility

of more than 1,600 mills in our extended supply chain.

Our aim is to achieve full traceability for all the palm oil we buy – but there are challenges. In the palm oil supply

chain, palm oil may be traded repeatedly before we buy it – and not all suppliers currently have the capability to

trace back to the source. Therefore, we have various initiatives in place to achieve full traceability.

These range from industry­leading mapping and data programmes, to projects such as our €130 million

investment in our own palm oil refinery in the Sei Mangkei Special Economic Zone of North Sumatra, which aims

to increase traceability by bringing more smallholders into our supply chain.

A first for traceability

We believe that alongside gaining a better understanding of our palm oil supply through mapping, we will make

greater progress towards transformation by sharing the information we have. In February 2018, we became the

first consumer goods company to publicly disclose the suppliers and mills we source from, both directly and

indirectly, and published our  palm oil supplier list (PDF | 187KB) (/Images/­palm­oil­suppliers_updated­january­

2019_tcm244­530096_1_en.pdf) on our website.

“

Unilever believes that complete transparency is needed for radical

transformation. We want this to be the start of a new industry-wide

movement.

”

Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer

We have also shared the names and locations of

around 1,600 mills and 100 refineries (sourcing

from many mills) from around the world from which

our suppliers source palm oil. These form our ‘mill

universe’, shown in the map below.

Mill locations are an important indicator of where

palm fruit is processed and therefore tell us more

about where oil palm plantations are located. A

 full mill (PDF | 299KB) (/Images/­unilever­s­

1,600

Mills mapped and

published in 2018

universal­palm­oil­mill­list_h1­2018_final_tcm244­530097_1_en.pdf) and  refinery list (PDF | 124KB) (/Images/­

unilever­s­universal­palm­oil­refinery­list_h1­2018_final_tcm244­530098_1_en.pdf) can be found on our website.

We are currently working with Rainforest Alliance and Daemeter to improve the ‘traceability to mill’ of our supply

chain.

Our mill and refinery universe

3

7

161

15

1565

20

2

(https://maps.google.com/maps?ll=14.181679,-141.21765&z=1&t=m&hl=en-US&gl=US&mapclient=apiv3)

Map data ©2019

Disclaimer:

The basis for this palm oil mill list is to increase traceability and is part of the work we are conducting in partnership with our suppliers and

Rainforest Alliance using the RSPO PalmTrace platform. In 2018, our suppliers declared that they supplied directly or indirectly from a list of

around 1,600 palm oil mills and 100 palm oil refineries, which have been validated based on the methodology applied by Rainforest Alliance,

Daemeter, and the World Resources Institute (WRI).

The disclosed mill data is correct to the best of Unilever’s knowledge at the time of publication. Although we have made considerable effort to

validate the disclosed data, we cannot guarantee its full accuracy and therefore welcome any corrections that may be needed.

Mapping mills, mitigating risk

Rauf Prasodjo, our Sustainable Sourcing Manager in Singapore, explains an important part of his role –

mapping the origins of the palm fruit we buy.

“I’ve been working in the palm oil sector since 2010. Since then, I've seen the progress made by both

Unilever and the rest of the industry, particularly in areas such as adopting No Deforestation, No Peat, and

No Exploitation policies. Coming from Indonesia, I also see how important palm oil is to the country’s

economy and to the many smallholder farmers and entrepreneurs in rural parts of this precious archipelago.

There’s still much to do, particularly in engaging with our suppliers to ensure continuous improvement in

sustainability and the full implementation of our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy.

An important step in this is understanding the mills in our supply chain. When we know which mills in our

supply chain are located in high­risk areas, we’ve been able to talk to our suppliers to understand the

sourcing strategy of particular mills.

With this knowledge, we can then better mitigate environmental and social risks – including deforestation –

through assessments and direct engagement. The better our analysis, the more we can refine our approach.

And in the long term it will help us increase business efficiencies and sustainability by enabling us to engage

directly with more actors in our supply chain, such as mills and smallholder farmers.”

Understanding our supply chain helps us manage risk
With the information we've gained from mapping our supply chain, we're better able to assess and identify risk.

By combining our mill data and the geospatial PALM Risk tool on the Global Forest Watch Commodities platform

in a pilot programme, we've assessed risk using an index of five environmental factors: fire severity; extent of

forest; recent deforestation; peat; and overall risk across these factors. There is no standardised method of

measuring social risk at the moment, but social indicators are included when we conduct site verification of mills

located in high­risk areas.

Through our pilot of the PALM Risk Tool, our team identified various mills located in areas of high deforestation

risk according to this  methodology (PDF | 450KB)

(https://www.wri.org/sites/default/files/Palm_Risk_Assessment_Methodology_Prioritizing_Areas_Landscapes_And_M

We’re working with the consultancies Daemeter and Proforest on a more detailed analysis of these high­risk mills

and their locations. In particular, we're researching landscapes to enable us to set up strategic sustainability and

remediation programmes with partners to address risks to forest cover, peat lands and fires.

Related links

Downloads



Our approach to sustainable sourcing
(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­
to­sustainable­sourcing/)



Unilever Palm Oil Supplier List
PDF | 187KB
(/Images/­palm­oil­suppliers_updated­
january­2019_tcm244­530096_1_en.pdf)



Press release: 100% of palm oil bought will
be traceable to known sources by end 2014
(Nov 2013)
12/11/2013
(/news/press­releases/2013/13­11­12­
100pc­of­Palm­Oil­bought­will­be­traceable­
to­known­sources­by­end­2014.html)



Transforming global food systems
(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­
global­food­systems/)



Protecting our forests (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­





Unilever Palm Oil Mill List
PDF | 299KB
(/Images/­unilever­s­universal­palm­oil­mill­
list_h1­2018_final_tcm244­
530097_1_en.pdf)

Unilever Refinery List
PDF | 124KB
(/Images/­unilever­s­universal­palm­oil­
refinery­list_h1­2018_final_tcm244­
530098_1_en.pdf)

impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­
forests/)



Global climate action (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­
becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/global­climate­action/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who share an

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our

interest in a sustainable future.

headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

      

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

The importance of smallholders
Unlocking the potential of smallholder farmers through sustainable

agriculture will play a vital role in transforming the palm oil industry and

strengthening our supply chain.

Bringing more smallholders into our supply chain
Smallholder farmers already play an

important role in the palm oil industry,

producing 40% of all palm oil in South

East Asia. Increasing the amount of

sustainable palm oil we buy from

suppliers who can trace it to known

smallholders is a real opportunity for

us to both help transform the

sustainability of the palm oil industry,

and ensure that we have a secure

supply of a vital ingredient.

40%

Of all palm oil in

SE Asia comes

from smallholder

farmers

But many smallholder farmers face issues in terms of their productivity, profitability and

sustainability. These include land tenure challenges, poor agricultural practices, and a

lack of access to markets or to finance for replanting and certification.

We want to include more smallholders in our supply chain and help them overcome

these barriers – and have been developing a range of programmes that support

sustainable agricultural practices, improve the visibility of our supply chain, and in

many cases enhance the livelihoods of smallholder farmers. Examples can be found in

our interactive map (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/mapping­our­

farmers­programmes/).

Since we stopped buying GreenPalm certificates in 2016, our aim has been to

repurpose $50 million over five years that we would have spent on GreenPalm

certificates and invest it in place­based partnerships. This will help increase the

availability of physically certified sustainable palm oil and scale up direct sourcing from

smallholder farmers. We’re investing directly in a number of projects with strategic

suppliers and in 2017 we committed to contribute up to $25 million to the &Green

Fund.



Investing in the &Green Fund

In 2017 we committed to contribute up to $25 million to the &Green Fund (target

size $400 million) for investments in projects that remediate or avoid the need

for deforestation. The &Green Fund aims to protect 5 million hectares of forests

and peatlands by 2020.

See Partnerships for transformational change (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/partnerships­for­transformational­change/).

We aim to support 25,000 farmers and work with NGO partners to help and incentivise

smallholders to adopt sustainable management and agricultural practices.

Spotlight

Farm Start for Palm smallholders

Working with independent mills and the networks of smallholder farmers they

buy from is a major opportunity to improve practices and increase the visibility

of our supply chain.

In 2017, we began a pilot of our Farm Start for Palm programme in Riau

province, Indonesia. This aims to give smallholders the knowledge and

resources they need to commit to the principles of no deforestation, no

development of peat and no exploitation, while increasing their profitability.

In its first year, the programme mapped nearly 4,000 smallholdings supplying

one independent mill and began sustainable agriculture training with nearly 600

smallholder farmers.

Over time, the programme aims to integrate thousands of smallholders into our

supply chain – expanding across Sumatra and using digital technology and

traditional field training approaches to monitor, analyse and change practices to

make them more sustainable.

To put our policies into practice and make our projects happen, it’s essential with work

with expert partners on the ground. Our six key implementation partners are:

Daemeter

IDH – the Sustainable Trade Initiative

Institut Penelitian Inovasi Bumi (INOBU)

Proforest

UTZ

World Resources Institute (WRI).

For instance, we are testing the potential of a jurisdictional approach with the research

institute INOBU in Central Kalimantan.

Spotlight

A jurisdictional approach – a first for Kalimantan’s
smallholder farmers

We believe one of the best ways to achieve transformational change is through

adopting a 'jurisdictional approach' – which means we preferentially buy from

areas that have comprehensive climate and forest policies in place.

In Central Kalimantan, Indonesia, we are testing this new approach with

independent smallholder farmers, addressing a set geographical area and

working with communities of smallholders and local government to increase

yields and prevent deforestation.

We’re working with Yayasan Penelitian Inovasi Bumi (INOBU), a leading non­

profit research institute based in Indonesia, and a number of other partners in

the district of Kotawaringin Barat, mapping independent smallholdings and

training farmers according to the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)

principles on good agricultural and management practices.

In 2017, 190 independent smallholder farmers of the KUD Tani Subur

cooperative became RSPO and Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO)

certified – the first cooperative in Kalimantan to achieve this. Overall, the

initiative will reach some 600 smallholders farming 1,400 hectares.

More training in 2018 is setting another 400 smallholders on the path to

certification. If this new approach continues to be successful, we think it has the

potential to reach 12,000 farmers in the region.

As Roni, a palm oil farmer explains: "I’m 64 and married with three children. I

became an oil palm smallholder in 2009 as it provided a higher income for me

to support my family. Being part of the Unilever­Inobu programme has helped

me improve my knowledge – in areas such as fertiliser use – to increase the

amount and quality of my crops, while cultivating them in a more sustainable

way. I’m very proud to say that, with the additional income I now earn, I was

recently able to send my youngest son to university."

A traceable supply chain: putting our ambition
into action
By working closely with suppliers,

we're able to include more

smallholders in our supply chain while

driving progress towards certification

and sustainable agriculture.

One example is our partnership with

our supplier PTPN 5 in Rokan Hulu

District, Indonesia. We agreed this in

2016 to develop a traceability and

certification mechanism for

smallholder farmers.

5,000

Smallholder farmers

will benefit from

training for

certification

The project began with the mapping of over 1,000 smallholdings supplying one PTPN

5 mill. With the World Resources Institute Indonesia and other partners, we're

developing plans to expand the project to include more than 5,000 smallholders and

more PTPN 5 mills.

Related links



Our approach to sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/)



Transforming global food systems (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming­global­food­systems/)



Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­
business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­
livelihoods/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Sustainable
sourcing

Partnerships for transformational change
To achieve the systemic change we want to see, we work with others in the

industry and beyond

Driving change at scale is crucial
To drive true transformational change

in the palm oil industry, we need to go

beyond our work with suppliers and

smallholder farmers. That means

working with NGOs, governments,

industry partners and smallholder

farmers to change practices, fight

deforestation and make a real impact

on the ground.

We want to help lead actions that

catalyse large­scale, transformational

change across industry sectors. Major

producer companies and traders have

90%

Of globally

traded palm oil

is now covered

by ‘no

deforestation’

policies

all committed to 'no deforestation' policies, which now cover over 90% of globally

traded palm oil. The financial sector has also responded by pledging to support

sustainable commodity production through the  Banking Environment Initiative

(http://www.cisl.cam.ac.uk/business­action/sustainable­finance/banking­environment­

initiative). Commitments such as these have sent a strong signal to the market – and

there has been significant movement from growers and traders.

“

We know that when we and our peers come together to

meet joint commitments, it can create impact. The

Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) brings together CEOs

and senior management from over 400 retailers,

manufacturers, service providers and other

stakeholders across 70 countries.  

In 2010, together with other CGF members, we

committed to mobilise resources within our business

to help achieve zero net deforestation associated with

four commodities by 2020: palm oil, soy, paper and

board, and beef. We have since extended our

commitment to our tea businesses and supply chains.

”

Dhaval Buch, our Chief Procurement Officer

Advancing industry standards
Certification and assurance schemes

have played an important part in

driving progress in the industry. We’re

a founding member and co­chair of

the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm

Oil (RSPO), the not­for­profit,

industry­led initiative set up in co­

operation with conservation

organisation WWF. We're committed

to supporting and strengthening its

standards, which are uniquely

recognised across the palm oil

industry.

19%

Of globally

produced palm

oil is RSPO

certified

At the same time, our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy goes beyond those

standards, in the areas of no deforestation, no development on peat, no exploitation of

people or communities, driving positive social and economic impact for smallholders

and women while protecting forests and transparency – areas where we think the

industry as a whole needs to show more progress.

Safeguard forests. Safeguard our future

 
Hannah Hislop is our Global Advocacy and Partnerships Manager.

“Forests are being lost or degraded because of increasing global demand for

agricultural commodities. Many people will naturally mourn the loss of majestic

forests, and the astonishing biodiversity they harbour, in their own right. But we

also fundamentally rely on the ecosystem services they provide, not least water

and climate regulation – both of which are vital to global food production.

We know it’s possible to have a world in which protected forests help to

sustainably increase food production. But there is no silver bullet solution. We

need many complementary approaches that add up to a complete transformation

of how we use land.

With better support, skills and financing, smallholder farmers could be helped to

dramatically improve their yields and livelihoods – on the condition that they do

not encroach further into the forest. And more traditional community management

of forests could prevent indigenous people suffering violence or being forced off

their lands – and offer a key to curbing carbon emissions too.

Governments have a huge role to play too, as do businesses. They can shift the

vast sums of money (around $780 billion) currently flowing into the sectors that

drive deforestation towards conservation and restoration instead.”

Meaningful & practical 'no deforestation' policies
What should a 'no deforestation' policy look like ­ and how should it be put into action?

We've been working with grower companies and NGOs to help develop a single set of

principles for the implementation of companies’ commitments to no deforestation in

their palm oil operations and supply chains.

In November 2016, the High Carbon Stock Approach (HCSA) and the High Carbon

Stock Study (HCS+) agreed a set of principles – which are explained in the  HCS

Approach Toolkit 2.0 (http://highcarbonstock.org/the­hcs­approach­toolkit/). We

encourage all growers and users of palm oil to adopt this methodology and move to

implementation – while recognising that the next big challenges will be to ensure the

application of the High Carbon Stock Approach in highly forested landscapes and with

smallholder farmers.

Going beyond business: the Tropical Forest
Alliance

Company commitments tell only one

part of the story. Just as important are

the roles of government and civil

society. We need to align business

action with public policy, through

partnership and collaboration.

We helped to create the Tropical

Forest Alliance 2020 (TFA) to promote

exactly that. The partnership's goal is

to eliminate deforestation from the

supply chains of consumer goods

companies. TFA’s initial focus is on

palm oil, soy, paper and pulp and beef

products in South East Asia, Latin

America and Africa.

The TFA is one of several public­

private partnerships we're involved in,

and which we think can achieve real

change. For example, we've

committed to contribute up to $25

million to the &Green Fund. With a

0

Net

deforestation

by 2020 – the

aim of the

Tropical

Forest

Alliance

$400m

Fund to combat

deforestation

capitalisation goal of $400 million by 2020 and an aim to trigger $1.6 billion in private

capital investments, the Fund is an exciting opportunity to jointly shape solutions to

mitigate deforestation.

It was set up as a public­private partnership led by the government of Norway, in

partnership with IDH the Sustainable Trade Initiative, environmental NGOs and

consumer goods companies and announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos in

January 2017. It is designed to attract investments in deforestation­free agriculture and

aims to protect 5 million hectares of forests and peatlands.  

Related links

Downloads

External links



Our approach
to sustainable
sourcing
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­
approach­to­
sustainable­
sourcing/)



Transforming
global food



New York
Declaration on
Forests,
September
2014
PDF | 65KB
(/Images/cgf­
us­gov­
deforestation_tcm244
423303_en.pdf)



Banking
Environment
Initiative
(https://www.cisl.cam.
action/sustainable­
finance/banking­
environment­
initiative)



Roundtable on
Sustainable
Palm Oil
(http://www.rspo.org/)



The Tropical
Forest Alliance
(https://www.tfa2020.o

systems
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming
global­food­
systems/)





Protecting our
forests
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­
our­forests/)

Global climate
action
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­
were­becoming­
carbon­positive­
in­our­
operations/global­
climate­action/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Sustainable sourcing

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Sustainable tea - leading the industry
As the world’s biggest tea packer, we believe that leading the way in

sustainable tea sourcing creates an enormous opportunity: both to secure

the tea we need for our much­loved brands and to make a significant

positive impact on communities and the environment.

Why we want to lead the way to a sustainable tea
industry
Our brands include some of the biggest and most innovative names in tea. Lipton, the

world’s leading tea brand, is enjoyed in more than 110 countries, while iconic brands

such as PG tips, Brooke Bond and Bushells refresh millions of tea­drinkers every day.

In 2017 we acquired two new tea brands. The first is Pukka Herbs Ltd which uses

100% certified, organic and ethically sourced ingredients to produce its herbal teas

and supplements. Its health and wellness philosophy centres on benefiting people,

plants and planet, so Pukka has a clear strategic fit with our business.

The second acquisition is TAZO®, which we acquired from Starbucks. Founded in

1994, TAZO® has a strong position in speciality black, green and herbal teas, as well

as the liquid concentrates used in chai lattes. Both represent good opportunities to

expand our business in the fast­growing speciality tea market. Our portfolio means

we’re one of the biggest buyers of tea in the world. And across every brand, we’re

committed to sustainably sourcing 100% of our tea, including loose tea, by 2020.

Why? Because investing in sustainable tea is essential for our future success. We

want to ensure that we will continue to have a supply of quality tea from expert tea

farmers to underpin our growth. We need to show that we’re committed to long­term

partnerships with stakeholders in societies and economies where tea is grown, and

inspire consumers to trust, and choose, the quality and sustainability of our tea.

But tea is also essential to our ambitions to make a positive impact through our

business. Our brands connect us to millions of people whose livelihoods depend on

tea production, and to the ecosystems they share – including 750,000 smallholdings,

mostly in Africa and Asia, as well as our own estates in Kenya and Tanzania. Such a

wide­ranging supply chain brings its own challenges – but it also gives us the

opportunity to make a real difference to communities and to the environment.

We met our target to source all the tea for Lipton tea bags from 100% Rainforest

Alliance Certified™ sources by the end of 2015, and are making good progress

towards our 2020 target for all tea, see Targets & performance (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/).

Cross-cutting programmes that aim to change
lives
In 2017, we were working on around 40 major programmes in our tea supply chain.

The objectives of these programmes included increasing tea workers’ and

smallholders’ incomes, improving health, empowering women, improving sanitation,

supporting biodiversity and addressing climate change – with individual programmes

often addressing multiple issues.

Shaping the change we want to see

To achieve our ambitions for tea, we

need to work with many partners,

from tea­growers, suppliers and

NGOs to local and national

governments, the wider tea industry

and beyond.

One of the most important ways to

drive change in any agricultural sector

is through certification. In 2007, we

assisted the Rainforest Alliance in the

development of local indicators for

20%

Of world tea

production is

now Rainforest

Alliance
CertifiedTM

sustainable tea production in Kenya in accordance with the Sustainable Agriculture

Network certification standard and began to certify our tea farms, in the process

helping to transform both our own supply chain and the wider industry.

In 2007, we became the first major tea company to commit to sustainably sourcing tea

on a large scale. In the same year Kericho, our largest tea estate in Kenya, was the

first tea farm to achieve Rainforest Alliance certification.

Today, Rainforest Alliance Certified

TM

 tea accounts for around 20% of the world’s tea

production, and we work with suppliers in 14 countries in Africa and Asia to train

smallholder farmers so they can achieve farm certification.

However, certification is not the only way to create change. We recognise the

importance of exploring alternative approaches which in some cases are a better fit or

go further than existing schemes.

Partnerships for impact
Public–private partnerships provide the opportunity to develop sustainable practices

and improve the livelihoods of the people working in tea supply chains. We have

signed public–private partnerships in Kenya, Malawi, Tanzania and Vietnam, helping

us reach nearly 568,000 farmers since 2006.

One of our longest­running partnerships of this kind was in Kenya, with the Kenya Tea

Development Agency (KTDA) and The Sustainable Trade Initiative (IDH). Launched in

2006, it enabled 86,000 lead farmers – including around 42,000 women – to train at

Farmer Field Schools for guidance on how to share best agricultural practices,

increase yields, improve quality and improve their health and nutrition. As a result,

around 580,000 farmers have met the standards for Rainforest Alliance farm

certification. In 2016, with the Farmer Field Schools fully embedded, we handed over

full responsibility for them to KTDA.

Partnerships also address labour conditions on tea estates in regions such as Assam

in India, where more needs to be done to eradicate unacceptable practices. The

strengthening of certification models, particularly regarding labour rights and working

conditions, is a key part of the solution. Read more about our approach in Fairness in

the workplace (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/)

and our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­

report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Spotlight

Unlocking smallholders’ potential through technology

Our Lipton brand has deep roots in Sri Lanka, where Sir Thomas Lipton grew

his first tea more than a century ago. Today, more than 70% of the tea leaves

grown on the island are farmed by smallholders, working in plots that average

less than an acre (under half a hectare). But too often they have been unable to

access the information and support they need to unlock their full potential.

As Neville Ratnayake, Chairman of Sri Lanka Federation of Tea Smallholders,

describes it: “The average monthly tea yield in Sri Lanka is 300 kg. However,

we have identified cases where farmers have been able to get yields of up to

800 kg through an organised, scientific approach. But these methods are not

widely adopted because most farmers use localised, traditional practices due to

a lack of access to information. This is holding back individual farmers and the

progress of an entire industry.”

In 2017, we began a new partnership with the Federation and telecoms

provider Dialog Axiata to reach 400,000 smallholders with knowledge and

sustainable growing techniques. By using technology to ensure smallholders

get advice just when they need it, the partnership aims to help them grow their

yields and incomes – while making our supply chain more resilient and

sustainable.

Smallholders in the scheme get agricultural advice through Dialog’s Govi

Mithuru (Farmer’s Friend) mobile platform. With content provided by a number

of organisations, such as the Ministry of Agriculture, Govi Mithuru delivers voice

mails tailored to a farmer’s crop, location and stage of cultivation. With the

Federation and a local university, we also aim to set up model farms where

farmers from neighbouring areas will be invited to study and learn face to face.

Sustainable agriculture & beyond
We work with a range of partners on

initiatives that take sustainable

agricultural practices as a starting

point, and go beyond them to tackle

wider social and environmental

issues.

In 2017 we joined the Ethical Tea

Partnership (ETP), a non­

governmental organisation which

works with tea companies and

retailers to drive improvements in

sustainability. It focuses on improving

the lives and livelihoods of tea

536

Indian tea

factories

achieved

trustea

verification by

2017

workers and farmers and the environment in which tea is produced. We worked with

the ETP on a number of programmes in 2017, including our Safety for Women

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/promoting­safety­

for­women/) and Girls partnership, as described in our Human Rights Report 2017,

see Safety for women.

Through the Malawi Tea 2020 programme, we joined the ETP and public and private

partners in establishing 50 Farmer Field Schools in Malawi in 2017, as well as working

to increase tea sector wages, see Fair compensation (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/fair­compensation/).

We are founder members of trustea, the Indian tea industry collaboration on

sustainability. The trustea logo guarantees the social, economic, agronomic and

environmental performance of Indian tea estates, smallholders and ‘bought leaf

factories’ – factories that buy tea from multiple sources. The initiative covers over 600

tea factories and will impact 40,000 smallholders, and 500,000 tea estate workers. By

the end of 2017, 536 factories had achieved trustea verification, impacting over 38,000

smallholders and around 490,000 tea estate workers, over half of whom were women.

Find out more about trustea in this short film.

Working with tea farmers in India
Working with tea farmers in India

In 2014 we launched Tea 2030 with Forum for the Future. Tata Global Beverages,

Yorkshire Tea, James Finlays, the Ethical Tea Partnership and Fairtrade International

have also joined the initiative. Tea 2030 focuses on three areas: sustainable

landscapes, market mechanisms and engaging consumers.

For further details of how our partnership programmes are enhancing the lives of

smallholders and encouraging young farmers to maintain the tea industry, see

Inclusive business (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/).

Understanding how to reduce pesticides
The climate and agricultural practices on our plantations in Kenya and Tanzania allow

tea to be grown without pesticides, but in some parts of the world conditions currently

require pesticides to preserve yields.

We encourage the global tea industry to reduce the use of pesticides to a minimum.

Our Unilever Guidelines on Use of Pesticides in Sustainable Tea Sourcing are applied

through our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

Spotlight

No pesticides, no pests?

In 2014, we commissioned  CABI (http://www.cabi.org/) – the Centre for

Agriculture and Biosciences International – to conduct an independent scientific

study to evaluate non­pesticide methods for protecting tea crops in India.

In partnership with the Tocklai Tea Research Institute, CABI conducted field

trials over 2015–2017 on tea estates in Assam. In the Phulbari tea garden, for

example, the results showed that an ecologically managed plot can deliver a

comparable yield to one conventionally managed with pesticides. This is the

first time this has been demonstrated through a scientific study.

CABI has now developed a toolkit of best practice to help tea growers combat

common pests such as red spider mite, loopers, thrips, black rot and the tea

mosquito bug.

Ensuring tea has a long-term future
Tea is second only to water as the

world’s most popular non­alcoholic

drink – and our brands are long­

standing favourites the world over.

While we believe the tea industry and

our tea brands have a bright future,

we recognise the challenges

presented to their growth. These

include climate change, water

scarcity, competition for land, working

conditions and rapidly changing

consumer markets.

1,000

Tea cultivars studied

to understand their

genetic diversity

We’ve started an R&D project to cultivate more sustainable varieties of tea – as a

contribution to helping safeguard the future of the world’s tea supply. Our project is run

in partnership with Nature Source Genetics in our tea gardens in Kenya. It aims to

increase the number of crops that can withstand drought, disease and pests.

Working with tea research institutes, universities and tea companies, we’ve sourced

more than a thousand tea cultivars from around the world and are mapping their

genetic diversity. We will preserve a selection of these as a living core collection, to

secure tea resilience for future generations of farmers and the people who drink their

tea.

Related links

Downloads

External links



Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)



Driving
transformational
change
(/sustainable­
living/transformationa
change/)



The Farmer
Field School
project:
Growing
sustainable tea
in Kenya, 2009
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/sd_the­
farmer­field­
school­project­
growing­
sustainable­tea­
in­
kenya_tcm244­
424147_en.pdf)



Sustainable
Trade Initiative
(IDH)
(http://www.idhsustain



Tea 2030
(http://www.forumforth
2030/overview)



Ethical Tea
Partnership
(http://www.ethicalteap



Rainforest
Alliance
(https://www.rainfores
alliance.org/)



trustea
(http://www.trustea.org



Unilever
guidelines on
use of
pesticides in
sustainable tea
sourcing, March
2014
PDF | 482KB
(/Images/unilever_guid
424148_en.pdf)



Human Rights
Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)







Transforming
global food
systems
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming
global­food­
systems/)

Safety for
women
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportuniti
for­
women/promoting­
safety­for­
women/)

Fair
compensation
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/fair­
compensation/)



Inclusive
business
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­
business/)



Previous

Transforming the palm oil industry

Next 

Transforming global food systems

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Sustainable sourcing

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Transforming global food systems
We're working with others to transform food systems for the better.

Sustainable agriculture can make a critical difference to many of the world's

most pressing challenges, including hunger and food insecurity, poverty,

and climate change.

Unlocking the potential of food – and farmers
The world needs to increase food

production by 60% to feed a

population that could reach 9 billion

people by 2050. But scarce

resources, environmental degradation

and a changing climate are all putting

strains on agricultural productivity and

threatening food security.

At the same time, millions of people

involved in food production are held

back from achieving their full

60%

More food is

needed if we are

to feed 9 billion

people in 2050

potential. The farmers working on the world's estimated 500 million smallholdings face

a range of systemic challenges that prevent them increasing their yields and improving

their livelihoods.

To a progressive food business like ours, these issues present a commercial as well as

humanitarian imperative – because we depend on a supply of sustainably sourced,

nutritious ingredients, many of which come from farms and forests.

So we believe global food systems have to change, to better serve farmers and their

communities, the planet, and the people who buy our brands.

How will that change be achieved? We think the widespread adoption of sustainable

agriculture will be transformative.

What are we calling for?
We think there has to be a change in the nature of farming – and that the process of

change will bring enormous opportunities. We advocate a move away from purely

production­led approaches, which run at the expense of people and planet. In their

place, we want to see more integrated, holistic approaches – ones that both improve

livelihoods for farmers and enable sustainable agriculture.

Sustainable agriculture has the potential to help address some of the world's biggest

challenges. It can play a vital role in ending hunger, tackling climate change and

protecting life on land – aims at the heart of the UN's Sustainable Development Goals

(SDGs) 2, 13 and 15. But sustainable sourcing has wider impacts too by making a

contribution to ending poverty (SDG 1), quality education (SDG 4) and decent work

and economic growth (SDG 8). And none of these ambitions can be achieved without

partnerships (SDG 17) to drive collaborative action.

Transforming an industry takes collective action
We're committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably. We've been

working with our suppliers and farmers for more than 20 years to drive up standards in

our supply chain. But transforming an entire sector is not something any single

business can do alone. The systemic changes that are needed will only come about

through concerted action by a range of partners, and through committed advocacy.

Making food & agriculture a global priority
We want the debate on food and

agriculture to be high on the political

and business agenda. We co­founded

the Business Commission for

Sustainable Development (BCSD) in

January 2016. It brought together

businesses and other stakeholders

who share our belief that

implementation of the Sustainable

Development Goals would help create

a world where responsible business

can continue to thrive. The same

year, we contributed to the BCSD

report  Valuing the SDG Prize

25%

Of world

greenhouse gas

emissions are

generated by

food and land
use systems1

(http://businesscommission.org/our­work/valuing­the­sdg­prize­in­food­and­agriculture)

in Food and Agriculture, which found that achieving food security could create 80

million jobs and unlock 14 major business opportunities worth $2.3 trillion annually by

2030.

To help unlock this potential, we supported the World Business Council (WBCSD) and

 EAT partnership (https://www.wbcsd.org/Programs/Food­Land­Water/Food­Land­

Use/FReSH/News/EAT­and­WBCSD­take­action­to­transform­the­global­food­system)

launched at the EAT Stockholm Food Forum in June 2016. This global initiative seeks

to accelerate the transformation towards a healthy and sustainable global food system,

and will bring together stakeholders across science, business, government and civil

society to form science­based targets for the food system – and develop scalable

business solutions to achieve those targets.

In 2018 the Business Commission for Sustainable Development closed its doors,

leaving a number of legacy organisations to continue key strands of its work. One of

these is  The Food and Land Use Coalition

(https://www.foodandlandusecoalition.org/our­vision/) (FOLU). FOLU aims to define,

co­ordinate and accelerate the transformation of foods and land use systems – in

short, to transform these broken systems, and to do it at speed and scale while

creating new economic value.

These systems need to protect and ultimately regenerate natural resources, become a

carbon sink rather than a carbon contributor, feed 9 billion people in a healthier, less

wasteful way, and provide a more prosperous and resilient lifestyle for farmers.

FOLU was launched in 2017, bringing together an alliance of around 30 progressive

businesses, forward­thinking policy makers, foundations, investors, academics,

international organisations and members of civil society to act as a flywheel for

transformative change. We are one of its founder members and part of its

management team.

Breaking the link between deforestation &
agriculture
Deforestation contributes up to 15%

of global greenhouse gas emissions –

and the principal driver of

deforestation is commercial

agriculture. As populations grow and

their demand for key commodities

increases, so does the pressure on

forests.

Yet forests are essential for life on

earth – and to the future of

agriculture. They sustain the

livelihoods of 1.6 billion people who

depend on them for food, medicines

and fuel. They help regulate our

1.6
bn

People

worldwide

depend on

forests

climate and are invaluable reserves of biodiversity.

Together with others in our industry, we have committed to achieving zero net

deforestation associated with four commodities – palm oil, soy, paper and board, and

beef – no later than 2020. We have extended this commitment to our tea businesses

and supply chains. 'No deforestation' is one of the five key areas identified in our

Sustainable Agriculture Code, which we updated in 2017. To find out more about the

Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code, see Our sustainable agriculture programme

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­

to­sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­programme/).

A particular focus is on palm oil sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/), where we can use

our scale to make a difference. As the world’s largest single buyer of palm oil, we

cannot countenance this essential commodity being a source of deforestation and

exploitation. Our key business objective is therefore to assure that we have affordable

access to sustainably sourced palm oil for the long term.

Working with partners in our industry & beyond
In 2010, we obtained a commitment to zero deforestation by 2020 by the Consumer

Goods Forum (CGF). CGF comprises 400 members, including all the world’s major

consumer goods manufacturers, retailers and service providers.

At a multi­sectoral level, we co­founded the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil in

2004 and the Round Table on Responsible Soy in 2006. We have also led the

foundation of the Tropical Forest Alliance 2020 (TFA), a public­private partnership

between CGF and governments of the US, UK, Netherlands, Norway, Indonesia and

Liberia. TFA is committed to reducing, and eventually eliminating, deforestation

associated with the sourcing of palm oil, soy, beef, pulp and paper.

The Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Platform
The Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Platform (SAI Platform), which we co­founded

with Nestlé and Danone in 2002, brings together around 90 companies from the food

and beverage industry to communicate and build knowledge on sustainable

agriculture.

The SAI Platform launched the world’s first industry­aligned Farm Sustainability

Assessment (FSA) of sustainable agriculture practices in 2014. The agreed set of

assessment criteria for farmers meets the sustainable sourcing needs of many

companies. Any farmer can complete the assessment online and it can be used for

most crop types, farm sizes and locations around the world.

Smallholders: at the heart of transformation
Smallholders are an essential part of

the global food system, producing

around 80% of the food in Asia and

sub­Saharan Africa. They are among

the groups with most to gain from,

and contribute to, the transformation

opportunity presented by sustainable

agriculture.

Our work with smallholders is

described in Inclusive business

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/) and

our interactive map (/sustainable­

80%

Of the food

produced in Asia

& sub­Saharan

Africa comes

from

smallholders

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­

to­enhance­livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/) shows where we're

working with smallholders on sustainable agriculture.

Our aim is to enhance the livelihoods of more than 500,000 smallholders in our supply

chain through partnerships which focus on the themes of nutrition, women, WASH

(water, sanitation, and hygiene), and finance, as well as encouraging agricultural

entrepreneurs and sustainable agriculture.

Tackling food waste
Around a third of the food produced

worldwide never gets eaten.

Reducing that waste is an opportunity

to address food insecurity and reduce

the environmental impact of food

production.

We are working to reduce wasted

food in our value chain through

innovation, design and outreach – but

1/3

Of the world’s

food is

wasted

tackling the issue at scale requires a global approach.

We helped to shape the Consumer Goods Forum resolution on Food Waste, which

commits to halving food waste by 2025 in retail and manufacturing operations, as well

as supporting food waste reduction at consumer level and across supply chains. Our

work in this area is described in Reducing food loss & waste (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­

waste/).

1
 The Food and Land Use Coalition (https://www.foodandlandusecoalition.org/our­vision/)

Related links

External links







EAT partnership
(https://www.wbcsd.or
Land­
Water/Food­
Land­
Use/FReSH/News/EA
and­WBCSD­
take­action­to­
transform­the­
global­food­
system)

The Food and
Land Use
Coalition
(https://www.foodandla
vision/)

Sustainable
Agriculture
Initiative (SAI)
Platform
(http://www.saiplatform









Driving
transformational
change
(/sustainable­
living/transformationa
change/)

Connecting with
smallholder
farmers to
improve
livelihoods
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­
business/connecting­
with­
smallholder­
farmers­to­
enhance­
livelihoods/)

Protecting our
forests
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­
our­forests/)

Transforming
the palm oil
industry
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/transforming

the­palm­oil­
industry/)



Reducing food
loss & waste
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/waste­
and­
packaging/reducing­
food­loss­and­
waste/)



Previous

Sustainable tea ­ leading the industry

Next 

Connecting consumers & sustainability

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Sustainable sourcing

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Connecting consumers & sustainability
People want high­performing, value­for­money products from ‘purpose­

driven’ brands that they trust to act responsibly. By inspiring consumers to

buy sustainably sourced ingredients, we can grow our business – and help

drive a movement for sustainable living.

Sustainable Living brands are driving growth
Our consumer research tells us that 1

in 3 people are already buying

sustainably. What's more, a further 1

in 5 (21%) of the people surveyed

said they would actively choose

brands if they made their

sustainability credentials clearer on

their packaging and in their

1
marketing .

We want to build this on movement,

to encourage more consumers to

choose sustainable products. It will

help us achieve our purpose of

making sustainable living

commonplace while driving growth for

our brands. Every day, 2.5 billion

people use a Unilever brand. And

thirteen of the world’s top 50 brands

are owned by Unilever, with our

nearest competitor owning just five,

according to Kantar’s analysis  of

2

fast­moving consumer goods brands

which measures which brands are

being bought by the most consumers,

most often, around the world. So we

have a big opportunity to make a

difference.

The success of our Sustainable Living

brands tells us that putting

1 in
3

People are

buying

sustainably

1 in
5

People would

choose

brands with

clearer

sustainability

credentials

on­pack

sustainability at the heart of our brands is inspiring our consumers and growing our

sales. These are the brands that have met our benchmark of having a clear purpose

that, over time, helps to tackle a social or environmental concern. The product itself

must also contribute to one or more of the targets we have set in our Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), which in turn contribute to the UN's Sustainable

Development Goals.

We have 18 household­name brands in this group. They include our six biggest brands

– Knorr, Dove, Dirt is Good (our laundry brands which have different names in different

markets), Lipton, Rexona and Hellmann’s. Through our USLP, we're working to

increase the positive social and environmental impacts of all our brands – and to

increase the number that reach the Sustainable Living brand benchmark.

“

Increasingly we see that people want to buy from

companies and brands that not only have great

products at the right price, but also ﬁt with their

values.  

Our experience is that brands whose purpose and

products respond to that demand are delivering

stronger and faster growth. Our business is

investment-led, innovation-led and sustainability-led.

We will continue to invest in our brands to drive their

growth, popularity and consumer beneﬁts whilst

ensuring they are contributing positively to society and

the environment.

”

Keith Weed, our Chief Marketing and Communications Officer

Inspiring consumers to choose sustainable
ingredients
Consumers are becoming much more aware of the positive difference brands can

make to social and environmental issues, and also to the difference they themselves

can make through their everyday shopping choices. We want to help consumers

choose products that make sustainable living more commonplace by giving them the

information they need and inspiring them with our purpose, as well as through quality

and price. And we've got a clear business incentive: in 2017 we published our latest

thinking on how purpose­driven brands can drive growth in  Making Purpose Pay:

Inspiring Sustainable Living (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/making­purpose­pay­inspiring­

sustainable­living_tcm244­506468_en.pdf).

That means using on­pack messaging, our brand websites, social media, TV and print

advertising to connect consumers with the purpose behind our brands. For example,

Knorr’s sustainable living purpose is to unlock flavour and goodness from everyday

food from farm to fork, through sourcing 100% of ingredients sustainably to nutritious

cooking. In fact, as our biggest brand, Knorr takes a lead role in communicating our

commitment to sustainable agriculture.

When Knorr’s Tomato and Mascarpone soup was launched in France in 2012, it

carried the label ‘Made with sustainably grown tomatoes’ – the first time we’d

promoted an ingredient as sustainably sourced.

Today, Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership on­pack logo tells people that at least 50% of

the product contains sustainably grown ingredients, or that 100% of the main

ingredient is sustainably grown. In 2017, 98% of the top 13 vegetables and herbs in

 
our Knorr sauces, soups and seasonings were sourced sustainably. Fifteen of our

Knorr country  websites (https://www.knorr.com/uk/sustainability.html) shared stories

of our farmers in 2017 – from growing sustainable tomatoes in Turkey and onions in

France, to pumpkins in  Australia (http://sustainability.continental.com.au/).

In Brazil, Knorr’s ‘Know me better’ sustainability campaign reached an estimated 31.8

million people. And in Spain, media coverage of Knorr’s second National Sustainable

Agriculture Day reached over 12.5 million people.

Lipton’s purpose is to support farmers by working to improve their livelihoods and

those of their families while protecting the planet for the future. By 2015, all the tea for

our Lipton tea bag blends was sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified™ estates, a

major step for the world’s biggest tea brand. It communicates the importance of these

issues to consumers in a range of ways, including through a video series – Be a Maker

– celebrating Lipton’s tea pickers and farmers.

 Meet the Makers (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OduEgXxVcFU)

 Meet the Makers: Nancy (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjWLeoFPh3o)

 Meet the Makers: Hillary (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZcTl_HumRE)

 Meet the Makers: Aroma 3 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jf_mVBrpAw)

We launched Hellmann’s Red and Green Tomato Ketchup in April 2017. It’s a good

example of how Hellmann’s is putting in place sustainable business practices as it

champions real food and the people who grow and harvest it. Our new ketchup uses

red and green tomatoes, whereas traditionally only red would be included. But by only

using red tomatoes, 10% of the total harvest was being discarded.

So we developed a new recipe to include both – which has potentially saved 2.5

million tomatoes from going to waste each year. And our consumers’ feedback tells us

there’s no compromise on taste.

Find out more about how Hellmann’s did this and the action we’re taking on Reducing

food loss & waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/reducing­food­loss­and­waste/).

1
 Unilever research in 2015 by Flamingo and Europanel

2
 Kantar Worldpanel Global Top 50 (http://www.kantarworldpanel.com/brand­footprint­ranking), May 2017

Related links

Downloads



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Making Purpose Pay: Inspiring
Sustainable Living
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/making­purpose­pay­
inspiring­sustainable­
living_tcm244­506468_en.pdf)



Our approach to sustainable
sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­
sourcing/our­approach­to­
sustainable­sourcing/)



Grown for good (/sustainable­
living/improving­health­and­
well­being/improving­
nutrition/grown­for­good/)



Reducing food loss & waste
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/reducing­food­
loss­and­waste/)



Embedding sustainability
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)



Previous

Transforming global food systems

Next 

Our approach to sustainable sourcing

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Eco-efficiency in manufacturing
We want to make our manufacturing as efficient as possible – using fewer

resources and generating less waste. Our ambitious eco­efficiency targets

focus on water, waste, energy and CO  and cover all 274 of our

2

manufacturing sites in 69 countries.

Reducing the environmental impacts of our manufacturing – eco­efficiency – is a key

part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP). It enables us to reduce our

environmental footprint, as our business grows. It reduces costs and contributes to

better overall factory performance. The USLP sets out our greenhouse gas, water and

waste reduction targets and our ambition to play a leadership role in the transition to a

zero carbon economy by becoming carbon positive in our manufacturing by 2030.

Becoming carbon positive in manufacturing
By 2020, CO  emissions from energy from our factories will be at or below 2008 levels

2

despite producing significantly higher volumes. This represents a reduction of around

40% per tonne of production. Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 63% reduction

per tonne of production and a 43% absolute reduction.

By 2030 we will become carbon positive in our manufacturing:

We will source 100% of our energy across our operations from renewable

resources by 2030

We will source all our electricity purchased from the grid from renewable resources

by 2020

We will eliminate coal from our energy mix by 2020

In order to achieve our target of carbon positive by 2030, we intend to directly

support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume and make the

surplus available to the markets and communities in which we operate.

All newly built factories will aim to have less than half the impact of those in our

2008 baseline. 

These activities support our engagement the UN Sustainable Development Goal on

Clean & Affordable Energy (SDG 7).

Find out more about our greenhouse gas targets and performance (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/), our carbon positive

ambition (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­

were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/) and how we are reducing

emissions in our own operations (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­

operations/investing­for­a­sustainable­future/).

Reduce water abstracted by manufacturing sites
By 2020, water abstraction by our global factory network will be at or below 2008

levels, despite significantly higher volumes. This represents a reduction of around 40%

per tonne of production. Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 78% reduction per

tonne of production and a 65% absolute reduction. We will focus in particular on

factories in water­scarce locations. Furthermore, all newly built factories will aim to

abstract less than half the water of those in our 2008 baseline.

These activities support our engagement the UN Sustainable Development Goal on

Clean Water & Sanitation (SDG 6).

Find out more about our water targets and performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/water­use/) and how we are driving water efficiency in our

factories (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/sustainable­

water­use­in­our­manufacturing­operations/).

Reduce waste from manufacturing
By 2020, total waste sent for disposal will be at or below 2008 levels despite

significantly higher volumes. This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of

production. Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents an 80% reduction per tonne of

production and a 70% absolute reduction. Furthermore, all newly built factories will aim

to generate less than half the waste of those in our 2008 baseline.

These activities support our engagement the UN Sustainable Development Goal on

Responsible Consumption & Production (SDG 12).

Find out more about our waste targets and performance (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) and how we are going beyond zero

waste to landfill (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/going­beyond­zero­waste­to­landfill/).

Delivering savings
Eco­efficiency is not just about reducing our environmental footprint – it also makes

good business sense. The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) delivers significant

savings to our business. We collect financial information through our Environmental

Performance Reporting system for all manufacturing sites and by each energy and

water type, which enables us to measure the economic benefits of our eco­efficiency

programme. Since 2008, we have achieved:

around €82 million of water savings across our factories

around €493 million of energy savings across our factories

around €262 million by using less material and producing less waste (materials ­

around €245 million, waste disposal – around €17 million)

External recognition
Our progress on eco­efficiency has been recognised by external indices:

Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) 2017: we were awarded leadership of the

Personal Products sector.

CDP Climate 2017: we achieved a grade A score and were included in the CDP

Climate A List for the sixth year running.

CDP Water 2017: we achieved an A grade score and were included in the CDP

Water A List.

CDP Forests 2017: we achieved an A grade score and were included in the CDP

Forest A List.

CDP Supply Chain: we achieved an A grade score and were included in the CDP

Supplier Engagement A List.

Related Links



Our manufacturing
sustainability strategy
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­
manufacturing­sustainability­
strategy/)



Our eco­efficiency performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­











manufacturing/our­eco­
efficiency­performance/)

Environmental management
system (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/environmental­
management­system/)

Our carbon positive ambition
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/)

Reducing emissions in our own
operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/investing­for­a­
sustainable­future/)

Driving water efficiency in our
factories (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/sustainable­
water­use­in­our­
manufacturing­operations/)

Going beyond zero waste to
landfill (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

share an interest in a sustainable future.

CONTACT US

Our manufacturing sustainability strategy
We are reducing the greenhouse gas emissions, waste and water impacts of our

manufacturing operations as our business grows.

How are we achieving our targets?
To achieve our ambitious manufacturing eco­efficiency targets, such as those relating to our

carbon positive commitment, we are focusing on five areas of change:

1. Increasing use of data to identify new opportunities

2. Embracing new technologies and promoting best practices

3. Empowerment of our teams to implement projects

4. Increasing access to our capital investment fund

5. Increasing the efficiency of our global and regional procurement processes

We aim to repeat technology implementation once proven to locations where it makes obvious

sense. Not only does this reduce equipment purchasing and design costs, but leverages our

global scale to speed up implementation, rolling out what we learn in one site to others across

our business and raising awareness among our colleagues.

Investing for a sustainable future
In March 2014, Unilever issued a £250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting investors to

support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit. The four­and­a­half

year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the first green bond in the sterling

market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG company. Proceeds are being used on

projects linked to greenhouse gases, water and waste targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living

Plan.

We worked with independent sustainability service provider DNV GL to develop a Green

Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around the Environmental

and Use of Proceeds criteria. Together these criteria meet the guidance given in the Green Bond

Principles (comprising Voluntary Process Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds dated 13 January

2014) that there should be a robust process and disclosure by an issuer to facilitate

understanding of the characteristics of a bond by investors and others in this area.

This is the fourth Unilever Green Sustainability Bond Report for the year to 31st December 2017.

Projects benefiting from proceeds of the Bond:

a new Home Care powders plant in China

a new laundry liquid plant in South Africa

a new Beauty & Personal Care and Home Care factory in Turkey

a factory extension at our spreads factory in USA, and

a HFC­free freezer cabinets programme which uses natural hydrocarbon refrigerants

For more information on our Green Sustainability Bond, see Independent Assurance

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/).

Our World Class Manufacturing programme
Our World Class Manufacturing (WCM) Programme builds on our existing Total Productive

Maintenance (TPM) tools and techniques and focuses on integrating sustainability through

continual improvement and investment in efficient equipment and new technologies. This covers

more than half our production cost and environmental footprint.

Within the target setting process, every factory is given improvement targets. This helps to

measure their performance against our sustainability performance indicators, to ensure that

sustainability is part of what we do each day and that the link between eco­efficiency and better

factory performance is clear.

Every year we ring­fence capital investment for projects that reduce energy, CO2, water use and

waste that deliver the strongest environmental and financial benefits. This is generated through

our internal carbon penalty on CO2 emissions from our manufacturing sites.

In 2017 we invested €43 million in energy, CO2 and water saving projects through this capital

fund. Together the projects will reduce our global CO2 emissions by 4.4%, global energy use by

3.8% and water use by 3.4%. The projects will achieve an average payback period of less than

two years.

Training, awareness and best practices
Everyone in our company has a part to play in reaching the targets in our Unilever Sustainable

Living Plan (USLP) and we can learn a lot from each other.

For instance, we’ve found that a practice from one factory can often be easily replicated

elsewhere. This helps speed up the delivery of environmental benefits and inspire new ideas. We

have a central Best Practice Portal, with over 360 environmental replicable examples which

range from methods for using data to drive energy reduction, through cost effective sludge

dewatering initiatives to large scale wastewater recycling technologies.

Efficient purchasing
By consolidating our procurement through global, regional or national contracts we can achieve

environmental improvements in a cost­effective way.

While we are reducing our energy intensity, we are scaling up our use of renewable energy. By

the end of 2017, 107 of our manufacturing sites across 35 countries were using 100% renewable

grid electricity. Where it is not possible to produce our own renewable electricity on our sites, we

make direct purchase agreements with large­scale solar or wind installations, and with small­

scale hydropower schemes. For example, in 2017 around 82% of the electricity used across our

factories, distribution centres and offices in Mexico has been produced from wind power.

This table summarises our energy and renewable energy use since the implementation of the

USLP in 2010.

Energy

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Total
energy use
(GJ)

33,176,585

30,181,865

30,480,293

30,054,697

28,422,211

27,080,563

27,267,621

26,507,528

Renewable
energy use
(GJ)

5,278,522

6,549,465

7,442,875

8,114,768

7,986,641

7,663,799

8,616,568

8,899,486

Related links

Downloads



DNV GL Independent Limited
Assurance Report – Unilever Green
Bond 2018
PDF | 553KB
(/Images/dnv­gl­independent­
limited­assurance­statement­­­
unilever­green­bond­2018_tcm244­
520356_1_en.pdf)







Our manufacturing sustainability
strategy (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­manufacturing­
sustainability­strategy/)

Oue eco­efficiency performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­eco­
efficiency­performance/)

Environmental management system
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/environmental­
management­system/)



Greenhouse gas targets &
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Water use targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­use/)



Waste & packaging targets &
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­packaging/)





Our carbon positive ambition
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­
positive­in­our­operations/)

Reducing emissions in our
operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/how­
were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­
our­operations/investing­for­a­
sustainable­future/)



Improving water efficiency in our
factories (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­

impact/water­use/sustainable­water­
use­in­our­manufacturing­
operations/)



Going beyond zero waste to landfill
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/)



Our metrics (/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­
reporting/independent­assurance/)



Previous

Environmental
management system

Our eco­efficiency
performance

Next 

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/environmental­
management­system/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­eco­efficiency­
performance/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who share

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in

an interest in a sustainable future.

our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

      

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Our eco-efficiency performance
We made good progress in 2017 against our targets for CO2, energy, water

and waste in manufacturing, reducing our environmental impact and saving

money for the business.

Our eco-efficiency targets
The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan commits us to long­term targets for CO2 from

energy, renewable energy, water and total waste.

To ensure we make progress year on year, we also set annual global targets for each

of our eco­efficiency performance indicators. Our regions and divisions assign targets

to specific manufacturing sites in order to deliver our overall targets.

2017 manufacturing performance summary and
progress

KEY:

Achieved

Off-plan

On-plan

%

Of target achieved

We use four principal indicators to monitor eco­efficiency improvements against our

annual performance targets and since 2008 (our baseline for the Unilever Sustainable

Living Plan). Data covers 274 manufacturing sites and indicators are reported per

tonne of production. This section details how we set our targets and the scope of our

data.

Parameter

Units (per
tonne of
production)

Target: 2017
annual
reduction
target (% vs
2016)

2017
performance
reduction
since 2016
(%)

2017
performance:
reduction
since 2008
(%)

CO  from
2
energy

Energy
use

Total water
abstracted

kg/tonne

5.0%

8.1%  

GJ/tonne

3.0%

2.8%  

3

m /tonne

3.0%

2.8%

47%

26%

39%

Eco­efficiency is not just about reducing our environmental footprint – it also makes

good business sense. Since 2008, we have achieved cost avoidance from eco­

efficiency in our factories of around €82 million in water savings, €493 million in energy

savings and around €262 million by using less material and producing less waste.

Additional indicators
We have been reporting and monitoring our eco­efficiency performance for over 20

years. In addition to our four principal indicators we use a number of other metrics to

track progress.

This table summarises our performance since 1995.

Parameter

Units (per
tonne of
production)

1995

2015

2016

2017

2017
performance:
Change
compared to
2016 (%)

Φ

2017
performance:
Change
compared to
1995 (%)

Energy

GJ/tonne

2.92

†
1.35

†
1.34

†
1.30

­2.8%

CO  from
2
energy

kg/tonne

238.7

†
88.5

†
83.5

†
76.77

­8.1%

Total water m /tonne

3

7.95

†
1.88

†
1.85

†
1.80

­2.8%

Total COD

kg/tonne

3.94

1.14

ж†

†
1.17

†
1.13

­3.4%

Disposed
waste

kg/tonne

24.27

†
0.26

†
0.35

†
0.18

­49.5%

­55.6%

­67.8%

­77.3%

­71.4%

­99.3%

†
Independently assured by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) LLP for 2015, 2016 and 2017 (/sustainable­

living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

ж

 The COD values from effluent discharge were under­reported in 2015 for 4 sites. We have calculated 2015

COD values for these sites using actual data, where available, and estimates. The total adjustment results in

emissions of chemical oxygen demand (COD) in kg per tonne of production to be restated for 2015 from 0.95

to 1.14.

Φ

 The numbers in the 2015, 2016 and 2017 columns are rounded. Percentage change therefore reflects

underlying numbers, not the rounded values stated in this table.

You can find out more about our performance in other sections of our website. CO
2
from energy and energy use are covered in detail in reducing emissions in our own

operations (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­

were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/investing­for­a­sustainable­future/).

Water use is discussed in driving water efficiency in our factories (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/sustainable­water­use­in­our­

manufacturing­operations/), and waste in going beyond a zero waste business

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/going­

beyond­zero­waste­to­landfill/).

Environmental prosecutions and fines
We aim to maintain the highest possible standards of environmental management.

However, occasionally we do encounter setbacks. We monitor and report all

occurrences of environmental prosecutions and resulting fines associated with

infringements from our manufacturing sites. The table below shows these since 2004.

The data is reported for 100% of our factory sites.

Number of factory sites
in Unilever

Number of
prosecutions/fines

Total cost of
fines (€)

2004

374

2005

345

2006

325

2007

295

2008

284

2009

273

2010

267

2011

268

2012

270

2013

257

2014

257

2015

261

2016

263

2017

274

8

5

1

1

1

2

1

7

0

2

1

3

3

1

24,430

4,226

643

9,718

873

2,345

10,500

13,332

0

3,300

4,170,000^

36,193

374,653

Δ

ɵ
3,242

^ Violation occurred in 2008.

ɵ Violation occurred in 2016.

Δ
 Restated to include penalties from the US that were paid in 2016

 
How we collect data
We collect eco­efficiency data from our manufacturing sites monthly using our web­

based reporting system. This covers both key measures of environmental performance

and qualitative measures of environmental management. Manufacturing sites also

report detailed utility cost data, enabling us to measure the financial benefits

associated with eco­efficiency. Financial achievements and environmental benefits are

included in our routine management reports.

We continually improve how we collect and report data. Since 2007, we have focused

on improving our reporting on renewable energy, biogenic fuels and our resulting CO2

emissions, with reference to the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Protocol. This enables us

to monitor performance more closely and act quickly to maintain progress against

targets.

In parallel, through a globally co­ordinated programme, many of our manufacturing

sites make use of real­time eco­efficiency data, collected through automated

measurement, monitoring and targeting (MM&T) systems. This helps them to better

track their performance and identify reduction opportunities. We now have more than

80,000 data reading points across the manufacturing network. By the end of 2018, we

are aiming to have 100% of sites covered by the MM&T programme.

Scope of data 2017
Our data for 2017 covers our 274 manufacturing sites across the reporting period 1

October 2016 – 30 September 2017.

We adjusted our reporting period in 2013. Data for years prior to 2013 is for calendar

year (1 January ­ 31 December).

Our data does not cover third­party companies that manufacture or pack our products,

with the proportion of total production volume varying across regions and product

divisions. We aim to improve the environmental impact of these products with our

suppliers through our Partner to Win programme.

Assurance of data
Our eco­efficiency data has been independently assured since 1996.

In 2017 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) provided independent limited assurance

of 11 environmental manufacturing indicators. PwC's work in 2017 included visiting a

sample of 9 manufacturing sites around the world, 2 desktop reviews and reviewing

the data collection, aggregation, validation and reporting processes used for these

indicators.

The definitions and basis of reporting of the environmental manufacturing performance

indicators shown on these pages with a † are described in  Unilever's Basis of

Preparation 2017 (PDF | 6MB) (/Images/basis­of­preparation­2017_tcm244­

519548_en.pdf) document.

†
Independently assured by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/) LLP for 2015, 2016 and 2017

Related links

Downloads



DNV GL Independent Limited
Assurance Report – Unilever
Green Bond 2018
PDF | 553KB
(/Images/dnv­gl­independent­
limited­assurance­statement­­­
unilever­green­bond­
2018_tcm244­
520356_1_en.pdf)







Our manufacturing
sustainability strategy
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­
manufacturing­sustainability­
strategy/)

Oue eco­efficiency
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­eco­
efficiency­performance/)

Environmental management
system (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/eco­efficiency­in­
manufacturing/environmental­
management­system/)



Greenhouse gas targets &
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Water use targets &
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/)



Waste & packaging targets &
performance (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­packaging/)



Our carbon positive ambition
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/)







Reducing emissions in our
operations (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/how­were­becoming­
carbon­positive­in­our­
operations/investing­for­a­
sustainable­future/)

Improving water efficiency in
our factories (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/sustainable­
water­use­in­our­
manufacturing­operations/)

Going beyond zero waste to
landfill (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/waste­and­
packaging/going­beyond­zero­
waste­to­landfill/)



Our metrics (/sustainable­
living/our­approach­to­
reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/independent­
assurance/)



Previous

Our
manufacturing
sustainability
strategy

Environmental
management
system

Next 

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­
manufacturing­sustainability­
strategy/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/environmental­
management­system/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

share an interest in a sustainable future.

CONTACT US

      

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Our environmental management system
Our environmental management system provides a framework for continual

environmental improvement in our manufacturing sites. It helps us achieve

the ambitious environmental targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

About our management system
As well as local legislation, all of our manufacturing and office sites companies must

comply with the Unilever SHE Framework Standards for occupational safety and

health and environmental care (SHE), and our Consumer Safety Policy.

Under our Environmental Care Framework Standard, all Unilever operations must

establish a formal environmental management system (EMS), based on the ISO

14001 management systems standard. 36% of our sites are certified solely through

ISO 14001 and 33% are certified via other third parties, and 31% internally.

This diagram shows the elements of our EMS from policy, planning and

implementation to monitoring and review.

T   

N

E

W

E

M
V I E

G

E

A

R

N

A

M

C

H

E

C

K

I

N

G

E

N

VI

R

P

O

O

N

M

LI

C

E

Y

N

T  

G
NIN
N
PLA

IMPLEMENTATION &  
OPERATION

Environment Policy

Environmental strategy & policy

Code of Business Principles

Roles & responsibilities

Planning

Environmental management system standards & guidance

Environmental aspects

Site­level objectives & targets

Implementation & Operation

Lifecycle assessment

Training

Good environmental practice transfer

Total productive maintenance (TPM)

Checking

Supplier assurance

Auditing

Positive assurance

Management Review

Environmental performance reporting

Benchmarking

Review of performance data against targets

Environmental policy
Unilever’s policy commitments with regards to the environment are encapsulated

within Unilever’s Sustainable Living Plan (Greenhouse Gases (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/), Water Use (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/), Waste and Packaging (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) and Sustainable Sourcing

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/) pillars).

Our Code of Business Principles also contains a specific principle on the environment:

“Unilever is committed to making continuous improvements in the management of our

environmental impact and to the longer­term goal of developing a sustainable

business. Unilever will work in partnership with others to promote environmental care,

increase understanding of environmental issues and disseminate good practice.”

The Code of Business Principles ensures our conduct is in compliance with laws and

regulations, protects our brands and reputation, and prevents harm to people or the

environment.

Environmental standards
Our businesses must also comply with more detailed standards and guidance

documents. Our standards cover areas such as third­party manufacturing, SHE

management systems’ auditing, environmental performance reporting and the

notification and investigation of SHE incidents.

Detailed guidance documents are in place for areas such as environmental aspects

evaluation, incident investigation and audit protocols to assess compliance with our

SHE Framework Standards.

Assurance process
All our operating units conduct an annual review of business risks and compliance with

corporate policies such as the Unilever SHE Framework Standards and Consumer

Safety Policy. They also conduct a continual self­assessment of their operating

controls.

The results of these processes are reported to the Corporate Risk Committee each

year via a Positive Assurance letter.

This assurance process is based on the principle that managers are accountable for all

aspects of corporate behaviour and performance in their units.

Our environmental indicators for manufacturing directly contribute to the achievement

of the nine commitments that make up the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and we

consider them crucial for our business, so they will always be assured.

Internal and external auditing
Regular environmental audits help our sites to achieve continuous improvement. We

use a mixture of internal and external audits.

All manufacturing sites not certified to ISO 14001 undergo an environmental audit at

least once every three years under our Environmental Care Framework Standard.

Audits are carried out by trained Unilever employees who are not employed at the site

being audited. Our World Class Manufacturing programme also includes an audit of

environmental performance.

Sites certified to ISO 14001 are audited annually by the relevant certifying body. As

part of our annual environmental performance reporting assurance process, our

independent external auditors visit 9 manufacturing sites each year. They review each

site’s processes for environmental and occupational safety data collection, collation

and validation.

Our purchase of certified renewable electricity is also subject to external audit

annually.

Related links



Our manufacturing
sustainability strategy
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­

manufacturing­sustainability­
strategy/)



Our eco­efficiency performance
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­
manufacturing/our­eco­
efficiency­performance/)



About our strategy
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/)



Embedding sustainability
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)



Our governance (/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/our­
sustainability­governance/)



Lifecycle assessments
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/lifecycle­
assessments/)



Our metrics (/sustainable­
living/our­approach­to­
reporting/our­metrics/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/independent­
assurance/)



Previous

Our eco­
efficiency
performance

Our manufacturing
sustainability
strategy

Next 

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­
eco­efficiency­performance/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/eco­
efficiency­in­manufacturing/our­
manufacturing­sustainability­
strategy/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Natural capital
We rely on nature for many of the ingredients and raw materials that make

up our products. We are working in partnership with others to explore how

natural capital can be better integrated into business decision­making.

Approaches to managing natural capital
Natural capital is another term for the stock of renewable and non­renewable

resources (eg plants, air, water, soils, and minerals) that combine to yield a flow of

benefits to people.

The benefits provided by natural capital include clean air, food, water, energy, shelter,

medicine, and the raw materials we use in the creation of our products. It also provides

less obvious benefits such as flood defence, the regulation of the climate and

pollination of crops.

Studies have shown that as a global population we are depleting natural resources

faster than the earth can replenish them, and at an accelerating rate. As a society, we

have effectively grown financial capital in large part through the use, exploitation, and

degradation of natural capital.

Measuring natural capital impacts
Like many businesses, our first step towards considering our relationship with natural

capital has been to consider our principal environmental impacts. We defined these as

greenhouse gases (GHG), water and waste – three ‘pillars’ of the Unilever Sustainable

Living Plan (USLP).

What sets the USLP apart is that it takes a value­chain approach, seeking to identify

these impacts not only within our own operations but also within our supply chain and

in consumer use. We developed methodologies for measuring our footprint in each of

these areas and set time bound targets for reducing them. Find out more about our

greenhouse gas (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/Our­greenhouse­gas­footprint/), waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/our­waste­footprint/) and water

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/our­water­footprint/)

footprint approaches.

Beyond these three pillars, Unilever also considers broader natural capital issues in a

variety of specific contexts related to the USLP.

Natural capital & deforestation
Our efforts to eliminate deforestation (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­forests/) from commodity supply chains are

driven in part by the GHG impacts of tropical deforestation, but also through a

recognition of the rich natural capital and biodiversity at risk in areas of high

conservation value.

Natural capital & sustainable agriculture
Unilever’s  Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­

2010­spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf), includes 11 social, economic and

environmental indicators. Many of these relate to natural capital, including soil health,

soil loss, nutrients, pest management, and biodiversity.

In our tea supply chain we actively manage the relationship between our tea

plantations and the ecosystems that support them, including the Mau Forest in Kenya

which borders our plantations and is integral in ensuring a water supply to our site.

Natural capital & water
We routinely consider dependencies on natural capital such as water when

considering the location or relocation of manufacturing plants, recognising that without

these supplies we may be unable to operate competitively. Additionally, we place extra

focus on water efficiency in water­scarce locations (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/water­use/water­smart­products­for­water­stressed­living/).

We are also actively considering our consumers’ dependencies on water as a critical

driver of our own innovation, helping to improve access to clean water through

innovations such as our patented SmartFoam technology in Sunlight 2­in­1

Handwashing Laundry Powder and RIN detergent bars – both of which use up to half

the water needed for rinsing, making the washing process easier and less water­

intensive for consumers in water­scarce regions.

Developing tools to integrate natural capital in
decision-making
Many of our raw materials come from agriculture. They are the fundamental

ingredients for our food and refreshment products, as well as our beauty & personal

care and home care products such as detergents and soaps.

The interest in bio­based materials for these product divisions is likely to increase in

the future, a phenomenon which is not unique to Unilever. Global food production is

expected to increase by 70% by 2050 and demand for non­food agricultural products,

including biofuels, wood products, and textiles, is also expected to increase,

heightening competition for land and water. We believe that it will be increasingly

important to manage the demands of competing uses for these resources and their

impacts on the environment.

For these reasons, Unilever’s Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre contributed

to a partnership with Stanford University and the University of Minnesota called the

 Natural Capital Project (http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/). Consumer goods

companies often rely on life cycle assessments (LCA) to establish the potential

consequences of design and sourcing decisions. This kind of assessment, while

sophisticated, often lacks detail about how the products impact natural resources such

as land, water and biodiversity.

The project resulted in a new kind of assessment to integrate these impacts in a more

detailed way. Called ‘Land Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment’ (LUCI­LCA),

the approach can help researchers and companies more accurately predict impacts of

new designs and sourcing approaches and is especially helpful for Unilever in the

context of our zero net deforestation commitment. We continue to work on developing

approaches to predict land use change and plan to publish our research in 2018.

Working with others to advance best practice in
natural capital management
Since the USLP was launched, there has been a wide ranging global conversation on

how natural capital approaches can be improved and strengthened. Many now

recognise the need to move beyond managing impacts on natural capital, and

consider more holistically the management of stocks of natural capital, flows of natural

capital within systems, and dependencies of organisations on natural capital.

We are working with others to understand more about how to do this. One of the

principal developments has been the establishment of the  Natural Capital Coalition

(http://naturalcapitalcoalition.org/), of which Unilever is a member. The Coalition is

made up of organizations in many sectors including science, academia, business,

finance and government. These organizations have united under a common vision of a

world where business conserves and enhances natural capital.

One of the key outputs of the coalition has been the  Natural Capital Protocol

(http://naturalcapitalcoalition.org/protocol/), launched in July 2016, which aims to guide

businesses in the identification, measurement and management of natural capital

impacts and dependencies. The development of the Protocol was led by the  World

Business Council for Sustainable Development (http://www.wbcsd.org/) as part of its

‘Redefining Value’ Programme.

Unilever provided technical comments on the draft Protocol and has shared outputs of

the Natural Capital Project with this group to encourage wider uptake of the

methodology developed. In 2017 we gave feedback on the Natural Capital Protocol

toolkit, amongst other things incorporating our research on Land Use Change

Improved Life Cycle Assessment.

Taking it further - valuation
We recognise that the world is in the early days of understanding and measuring

natural capital in ways that can be systematically integrated into business decision

making. Current approaches focus predominantly on impacts, and more can be done

to understand flows, states and dependencies.

There are important questions about whether the valuation of natural capital will assist

in the integration of natural capital decision­making, or whether it is preferable to

understand the value of these resources independent of a monetary value being

applied.

We have implemented an internal price on carbon for internal investment decisions in

anticipation of future external costs of carbon being levied; find out more about how we

have applied a €40 internal carbon price to fund investments (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­

positive­in­our­operations/) in, for example, renewable energy generation. Other

natural capital impacts within our value chain are significantly more complex and the

regulatory conversation less advanced.

We have conducted an internal study to assess the feasibility and benefit of applying

monetary values to impacts for a case study on bioplastics. We found that while

monetisation can be useful to show the magnitude of impacts on natural capital, the

availability of suitable data is not yet sufficient for decision making between options,

owing to the uncertainties involved. There is a risk that summing to one monetary

value may hide trade­offs between environmental impacts, that are highlighted by our

Land Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment approach.

We remain committed to working with others through the Natural Capital Coalition and

with its members to continually evolve our approach to conserving and enhancing

natural capital as part of our approach to building a more sustainable business.

External links



Natural Capital Coalition (http://naturalcapitalcoalition.org/)



World Business Council for Sustainable Development
(http://www.wbcsd.org/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Lifecycle assessments
Our products have an impact on the environment at each stage of their life

cycle from the sourcing of raw materials through to product manufacture,

distribution, consumer use and disposal. Understanding and managing

these impacts is crucial to achieving our Sustainable Living Plan goals.

Life cycle assessment (LCA) is one of several techniques we use to help us

understand the impacts of our products on the environment. We use LCA in three

ways: in new product design; for assessments of existing products; and in science and

methodological development.

New product design
Insights and knowledge from LCAs enable us to compare new and existing products

and to measure the differences in their respective environmental profiles. This

information helps guide product developers during the innovation process and may be

used to communicate the environmental performance of our products to consumers.

Existing product assessment
We conduct LCAs on our existing products and ingredients to identify opportunities to

reduce environmental impacts, and to improve the quality, availability and relevance of

data used for our own studies and by other organisations. For example, we have used

LCAs to support our work with supply chain partners on some of our key crops such as

palm oil and tomatoes. This includes publishing papers on the  carbon footprint of

field grown tomatoes (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.05.004) and an

assessment of the  variability in laundry washing in Europe

(https://doi.org/10.1007/s11367­017­1426­4).

We have also worked with the European surfactant industry to update the Life Cycle

Inventories of the key surfactants used in home and beauty & personal care products.

Our environmental sustainability scientists have supported the life cycle work of

several organisations including the  International Association for Soaps

(https://www.aise.eu/),  Detergents and Maintenance Products (AISE)

(https://www.aise.eu/),  Cosmetics Europe (https://www.cosmeticseurope.eu/),

 the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) (http://www.rspo.org/about) and

the World Food Life Cycle Database initiative.

Science & methodological development
We engage with partners to develop and promote the science used for LCA, aiming to

improve both the robustness and scope of life cycle­based approaches and

assessment. We have published a number of papers (2017 publications list below) on

new impact assessment methods for LCA within the areas of land use, biodiversity and

water­related impacts and the challenges of applying a planetary boundary­based

approach.

Our scientists also support the development of the science and capability for life cycle

thinking. We sponsor programmes such as and the UNEP Life Cycle Initiative and

participate in one of the EU Product Environmental Footprinting pilots on liquid laundry

detergent. We are working with Radboud University in the Netherlands on the

European Industrial Doctorate project ( RELIEF project (http://relief­project.eu/)),

through which we support the studies of five PhD students, who are working to

improve the reliability of LCA for product footprinting.

Related publications in 2017

A model and tool to calculate life cycle inventories of chemicals
discharged down the drain

 Muñoz I, Otte N, Van Hoof G, Rigarlsford G (2017)  

International Journal of Life Cycle Assessment, v22, p986­1004

(https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11367­016­1189­3)

Developing and testing a global-scale regression model to
quantify mean annual streamflow

 Barbarossa V, Huijbregts MAJ, Hendriks AJ, Beusen AHW, Clavreul J, King H,

Schipper AM (2017) Journal of Hydrology, v544, p479­87

(https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022169416307685)

Freshwater ecotoxicity as an impact category in life cycle
assessment

 Otte N, Claessens M, Cooper C, Hoke R, King H, L’Haridon J, Palais F, Schmidt F,

Schowanek D, Wolf T, Burgos MG (2017)  

ECETOC Technical Report 127 (PDF | 2MB) (http://www.ecetoc.org/wp­

content/uploads/2016/11/ECETOC­TR­127­Freshwater­ecotoxicity­as­an­impact­

category­in­life­cycle­assessment.pdf)

Intra- and inter-year variability of agricultural carbon-footprints
- A case study on field-grown tomatoes

 Clavreul J, Butnar I, Rubio V, King H (2017)  

Journal of Cleaner Production, v158, p156­64

(https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959652617309216)

Life cycle assessment needs predictive spatial modelling for
biodiversity and ecosystem services

 Chaplin­Kramer R, Sim S, Hamel P, Bryant B, Noe R, Mueller C, Rigarlsford G,

Kulak M, Kowal V, Sharp R, Clavreul J, Price E, Polasky S, Ruckelshaus M, Daily G

(2017)  

Nature Communications, v8, Article number: 15065

(https://experts.umn.edu/en/publications/life­cycle­assessment­needs­predictive­

spatial­modelling­for­biod)

Technology choices in scaling up sanitation can significantly
affect greenhouse gas emissions and the fertiliser gap in India

 Kulak M, Shah N, Sawant N, Unger N, King H (2017)  

Journal of Water, Sanitation and Hygiene for Development, v7, p466­76

(http://washdev.iwaponline.com/content/7/3/466)

The Challenges of Applying Planetary Boundaries as a Basis for
Strategic Decision-Making in Companies with Global Supply
Chains

 Clift R, Sim S, King H, Chenoweth JL, Christie I, Clavreul J, Mueller C, Posthuma L,

Boulay A­M, Chaplin­Kramer R, Chatterton J, DeClerck F, Druckman A, France C,

Franco A, Gerten D, Goedkoop M, Hauschild MZ, Huijbregts MAJ, Koeliner T, Lambin

EF, Lee J, Mair S, Marshall S, McLachalan MS, Milà i Canals L, Mitchell C, Price E,

Rockström J, Suckling J, Murphy R (2017)  

Sustainability, v9, Issue 2, Article number: 279 (PDF | 300KB)

(http://epubs.surrey.ac.uk/813566/1/sustainability­09­00279.pdf)

Related links



About our
strategy
(/sustainable­
living/our­

Download
links



Life cycle
assessment of
bio­based

External links



Water Footprint
Network
(http://www.waterfootp



UNEP­SETAC
Life Cycle
Initiative
(http://www.lifecyclein



ISO
(http://www.iso.org/iso



WRI GHG
Protocol
(http://www.ghgprotoc







strategy/about­
our­strategy/)

Our
greenhouse gas
footprint
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­
gases/Our­
greenhouse­
gas­footprint/)

Our water
footprint
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/water­
use/our­water­
footprint/)

Our waste
footprint
(/sustainable­
living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/waste­
and­
packaging/our­
waste­footprint/)

ethanol
produced from
different
agricultural
feedstocks
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/life­
cycle­
assessment­of­
bio­based­
ethanol­
produced­from­
different­
agricultural­
feedstocks_tcm244­
423775_en.pdf)



Pilot application
of PalmGHG,
the RSPO
greenhouse gas
calculator for oil
palm products
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/pilot­
application­of­
palmghg­the­
rspo­
greenhouse­
gas­calculator­
for­oil­palm­
products_tcm244­
423777_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Enhancing livelihoods

Unilever's work on enhancing livelihoods supports

7

of the UN Sustainable

Development Goals

 Learn more about how we are taking action on these goals

Our Big Goal
Enhancing
livelihoods for
millions

By 2020 we will enhance the
livelihoods of millions of people as
we grow our business.

Enhancing livelihoods

Our performance
In 2017 we made steady progress across the three pillars of our Enhancing

Livelihoods goal – Fairness in the Workplace, Opportunities for Women and Inclusive

Business.

KEY:

Achieved

Off-plan

On-plan

%

Of target achieved

Our approach
Our business contributes to the economic livelihoods of many people and communities

across our value chain. In developing and emerging markets, we have an even greater

impact. Our supplier and distribution networks involve millions of smallholder farmers,

distributors and retailers, many of whom are women.

We want to deliver both business growth and positive social impact. We are

embedding human rights across our business and are using the power of our brands

to advocate important social issues to our consumers.

Three pillars of our Plan support our big goal to enhance livelihoods for millions. These

commitments are fundamental to the way we aspire to do business and support our

continued growth.

Our approach, which directly supports a number of the UN Sustainable Development

Goals, focuses on:

Driving fairness in the workplace – by implementing the UN Guiding Principles on

Business and Human Rights throughout our operations, and working with suppliers

who commit to promote fundamental human rights

Advancing opportunities for women – empowering 5 million women by advancing

opportunities for women in our operations, promoting safety, providing up­skilling

and expanding opportunities in our retail value chain. And challenging the harmful

gender norms that can hold women back

Developing an inclusive business – by improving the livelihoods of 500,000

smallholder farmers and the incomes of 5 million small­scale retailers, and by

increasing the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

In order to achieve these commitments, we need to work in our own operations,

through our extended supply chain and our distribution channels. We want to see

fairness in the workplace, opportunities for women and inclusive business as standard

in the business world and aim to work in partnership to create wider movement in the

industry.

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

††

The description of the implementation activities for human rights in 2017 and the series of activities to create

the Framework for Fair Compensation have been independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/). See  Unilever’s Basis of Preparation (PDF | 6MB)

(/Images/basis­of­preparation­2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf) for the description of activities.

*
 In 2017 we amended the way we assess compliance with the RSP, hence prior years’ numbers are not

comparable.



 The number of women enabled to access initiatives aiming to promote their safety, develop their skills or

expand their opportunities in 2017 was 1,259,000 which has been independently assured by PwC

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/).

Ж

 Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Opportunities for Women and Inclusive

Business pillars in 2017 .

Enhancing livelihoods pillars

Fairness in the
workplace

Opportunities for
women

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)
We're taking action on human rights, fair

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)
We aim to challenge harmful gender

compensation, improving employee

norms and empower women by working

development, and health and safety, to

with our brands, value chain and

ensure the well­being of all who work

partners across industry and society.

with us.

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)

We’re advancing diversity, promoting

safety for women and enhancing skills.

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)

Inclusive business

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/)

We're committed to improving the

livelihoods of smallholder farmers,

supporting small­scale retailers, and

helping young entrepreneurs.

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Fairness in the workplace 

 Fairness in the workplace is about respecting the rights of all those who work with us. 

Millions of people work in our operations and extended supply chain, helping us create the products 
used by billions more. For us, fairness in the workplace is about respecting, and advancing, their 
human rights - everywhere we operate, and in everything we do. 

Our guiding principle is that business can only flourish in societies in which human rights are 
respected, advanced and upheld. We believe respecting and promoting human rights forms the 
foundation for a healthy, sustainable and equitable business, and are essential for effective 
relationships with everyone we depend on. This is reflected throughout the Unilever Sustainable 
Living Plan, and in many areas of this Sustainable Living Report, including in Sustainable sourcing, 
Opportunities for women, and Inclusive business.  

Through the work described in the Fairness in the Workplace section of this report, we aim to 
contribute to a number of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), primarily: Good Health 
and Well-being (SDG 3), Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8), and Reduced Inequalities 
(SDG 10). Underpinning the achievement of these goals is SDG 17 Partnerships for the Goals.  See 
our Human  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB) for how our activities support other SDGs. 

By working in collaboration with others and through a process of continuous improvement, we aim to 
achieve fairness in the workplace for all the people with whom we work. 

Our strategy 

We will drive fairness in the workplace by advancing human rights across our operations and in our extended 
supply chain. 

1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Why fairness in the workplace matters to us  
We want to deliver positive social impact as well as business growth – it is fundamental to our 
purpose as a business. Fairness in the workplace is a vital element of maintaining people's trust in our 
business - and is directly linked to our licence to operate, and to the reputation of Unilever and our 
brands. It contributes to business continuity, helps us attract and retain the best talent, increases 
productivity, and builds long-term value to shareholders. We’ve set a number of targets to advance 
human rights and to enhance the health and safety of our employees. 

Our approach to human rights  
We aim to uphold and promote human rights in three main ways: 

• 

• 

In our operations by upholding our values and standards. 

In our relationships with our suppliers and other business partners. 

•  By working through external initiatives, such as the UN Global Compact, the Consumer 

Goods Forum and the Institute of Human Rights and Business to name a few. 

We focus on our ‘salient’ human rights issues - that is, those that are at risk of the most severe 
negative impacts through our activities or business relationships.  

This approach is in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, which we 
endorsed in 2011. We use the Guiding Principles to underpin our own high standards of corporate 
behaviour: they help us to identify and tackle systemic causes of abuse, and to work collaboratively 
and openly with others. We continue to align our policies with the Guiding Principles – for example, by 
strengthening our Code of Business Principles and our internal Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment 
Code Policy. 

Our policies and codes drive our internal and external compliance requirements along our whole 
value chain. Our Framework for Fair Compensation sets out the principles which we require all our 
businesses to comply with by 2020 - and includes the ambition that all employees should have 
guaranteed fixed earnings to be above a living wage by 2018. Read more about Fair Compensation.  

Our approach to health & safety  
Improving our employees’ health, safety and well-being is integral to fairness in the workplace. We 
instill safety in the behaviour of our people and the design of our sites and products, guided by a 
vision of Zero: Zero fatalities; Zero injuries; Zero motor vehicle incidents; Zero process incidents; and 
Zero tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices. 

This sits alongside our aim to promote, maintain and enhance the health of our employees to 
maximise their fitness to work safely and effectively. We seek to make a positive impact on their 
health and well-being – to bring benefits for individuals and our business – through our health 
promotion and protection programmes. Our strategy for medical and occupational health focuses on 
promoting emotional, physical, mental and purposeful well-being for our employees and preventing 
occupational ill-health. 

Our commitment  
By 2020, we will drive fairness in the workplace by further building human rights across our operations 
and advancing human rights in our extended supply chain, developing a continuous improvement 
roadmap and promoting best practice. We will create a framework for fair compensation, and help 
employees take action to improve their health (physical and mental), nutrition and well-being. We will 
reduce workplace injuries and accidents in our factories and offices. 

Progress to date  
In our inaugural Human Rights Report (PDF | 5MB) in 2015, we explained how, and why, we identified 
our eight most salient human rights issues. With these in mind, we prioritised the need to address 
human rights impacts across our own and extended supply chain, with a focus on commodities and 
specific countries. We describe our progress in our second Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB), 
published in December 2017.   

2 

Our Supply Chain’s Integrated Social Sustainability team (established in 2016) drives our human 
rights strategy and advocacy.  Through a series of implementation activities in 2017††, we continued 
to embed human rights with a focus on our eight salient human rights issues as documented in our 
2015 and 2017 Human Rights Reports.  

We also updated our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) (PDF | 9MB) , which sets out our 
commitment to do business with suppliers who are working to ensure transparency, remedy 
shortcomings and drive continuous improvement in the area of responsible sourcing. 55%†* of our 
procurement spend was through suppliers meeting the mandatory requirements of our RSP in 2017. 
In tandem, we updated and aligned our Responsible Business Partner Policy with the RSP. We also 
published our first Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, and our second was published 
in spring 2018. 

In April 2017, we created new guidance for mergers, acquisitions or joint ventures (the guidance 
provides a structure to help us integrated consideration for human rights into the following stages of 
the process: pre-transaction, during due diligence, contract negotiation and post-acquisition/joint 
venture governance).  

We continued to make progress through our Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF | 449KB), which 
outlines how the various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation. We 
increased our ambition on one particular element of the Framework – the principle of a living wage – 
by advancing our target from 2020 to 2018. We are using the Fair Wage Network to refine our 
understanding of living wages,and compare our lowest level employees' compensation against 
relevant living wage thresholds. 

Our Lamplighter employee health programme, Thrive well-being workshops and our newly developed 
Purpose workshops as well as our Vision Zero safety strategy meant that we continued to improve the 
health and safety of our workforce. Around 75,000 employees across 74 countries enrolled in 
Lamplighter and our accident rate improved to 0.89† accidents per million hours worked (measured 
as Total Recordable Frequency Rate). 

Future challenges  
Human rights, and our work to embed and promote respect for them, cannot be separated from the 
changing economic and political conditions in the markets where we operate. Rapidly changing 
political climates all over the world continue to generate new human rights issues or accentuate 
existing ones.  

We are looking at the potential impact on human rights of developments in technology - sometimes 
called the Fourth Industrial Revolution. The use of technology – and in particular digital – can bring 
further transparency and agility to identify the issues that workers are facing, so that we can focus on 
remediation, prevention and best practices. But we need to ensure that technological development 
doesn’t undermine the rights of workers.  

At the same time, we need to carry on addressing the issues that are most salient to rights-holders, 
such as harassment and modern slavery. 

Addressing salient human rights issues in our value chain helps us build a more resilient business. 
We’ll continue to make both the moral and the business case for this, while strengthening our internal 
capability, and the capability of our suppliers and other business partners to own and self-manage 
issues. We welcome and promote increasing requirements for transparency to create positive 
fundamental change.  

†Independently assured by PwC 

††The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC. See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities. 

*In 2017 we amended the way we assess compliance with the RSP, hence prior years’ numbers are not comparable 

Downloads 
Human Rights Report 2017 

3 

 
 
https://www.unilever.com/sustainable-living/enhancing-livelihoods/fairness-in-the-workplace/ 

Targets & performance 

As part of the Fairness in the Workplace pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set 
ambitious targets on advancing human rights, fair compensation, improving employee health, nutrition 
and well-being, and reducing workplace injuries and accidents. 

Fairness in the workplace 

Our commitment 

By 2020, we will drive fairness in the workplace by further building human rights across our 
operations and advancing human rights in our extended supply chain, developing a continuous 
improvement roadmap and promoting best practice. We will create a framework for fair 
compensation, and help employees take action to improve their health (physical and mental), 
nutrition and well-being. We will reduce workplace injuries and accidents in our factories and 
offices. 

Our performance 

Through a series of implementation activities in 2017††, we continued to embed human 
rights with a focus on our eight salient human rights issues which are documented in our 
2015 and 2017 Human Rights Reports. To support this, we integrated our Human Rights 
function into our Supply Chain organisation. 55%†* of our procurement spend was through 
suppliers meeting the mandatory requirements of our Responsible Sourcing Policy. 

We continued to make progress through our Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF | 
449KB), which outlines how the various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair 
compensation. We brought forward the living wage element of the Framework with the 
ambition that all our 161,000 employees should have sufficient guaranteed fixed earnings to 
be above a living wage by 2018 rather than 2020.   

74 countries ran our Lamplighter employee health programme and our safety performance 
(Total Recordable Frequency Rate) was 0.89† accidents per million hours worked, an 
improvement on 2016. We continued to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy, focusing on 
training programmes on safety leadership and process safety.  

4 

 
 
 
Our Perspective 

We continued to embed human rights with a focus on our eight salient issues (ie those at risk of the 
most severe negative impact through Unilever’s activities or business relationships) as described in 
our Human Rights Reports in 2015 and 2017. We continue to focus on the eradication of forced 
labour in global supply chains by supplier audits, awareness raising and training events, and have 
made progress on the removal of worker recruitment fees through the Leadership Group for 
Responsible Recruitment and the Consumer Goods Forum.  We joined the Ethical Tea Partnership 
to drive improvements for tea workers and farmers and created Unilever Land Rights Principles and 
Implementation Guidance. 

For suppliers, we continued to roll out the Responsible Sourcing Policy to a rapidly increasing 
number of suppliers, while continuously reviewing and improving the operation of our programme 
since its introduction in 2014.  We are using the learnings to accelerate the inclusion of all our 
suppliers while improving the remediation of issues identified.   

For our workforce, as well as rolling out our global Framework for Fair Compensation, we continued 
our Lamplighter employee health programme and our Thrive workshops designed to improve well-
being. We also continued to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy (ie zero: fatalities; injuries; motor 
vehicle incidents; process incidents; tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices) and our safety 
performance improved compared to 2016. 

††The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC.  See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities. 

†Independently assured by PwC 

* In 2017 we amended the way we assess compliance with the RSP, hence prior years’ numbers are not comparable 

  Achieved 3 

 On-Plan 4       

Off-Plan 0 

           % of target achieved 0 

Our targets 

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever 
Sustainable Living Plan. 

Implement UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 

We will implement the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights 
throughout our operations and report on 
progress publicly. 

Through a series of implementation activities 
in 2017††, we continued to embed human 
rights, focusing on our eight salient human 
rights issues as documented in our 2015 and 
2017 Human Rights Reports. 

5 

 
 
 
 
Our Perspective 

In publishing our Human Rights Progress Report 2017 we showed the progress made against our 
salient human rights issues since 2015, how we are tackling emerging issues and provided an 
update on how we see our approach developing in the future.  

Re-positioning our Integrated Social Sustainability Team to cover strategic regions improved the 
implementation of our human rights strategy. A key focus of 2017 was our work to eradicate forced 
labour in global supply chains, including our internal webinar series, awareness raising articles, 
events and efforts to eliminate worker employment fees.  

To continue to address land rights, we developed Unilever Land Rights Principles and 
Implementation Guidance, which we are rolling out for our own operations in 2018. An additional 
focus has been human rights considerations in mergers and acquisitions and joint ventures with the 
creation of internal guidance in April 2017. 

††The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC.  See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities. 

Advancing human rights in our own operations  

Source 100% of procurement spend in line with our Responsible Sourcing Policy 

We will source 100% of our procurement 
spend through suppliers who commit to 
promote fundamental human rights as 
specified in our Responsible Sourcing 
Policy.  

Our Perspective  

55%†* of procurement spend through 
suppliers meeting the mandatory 
requirements of our Responsible Sourcing 
Policy in 2017.  

In 2017 we purchased over €34 billion of goods and services. The suppliers of these goods and 
services are central to driving efficiencies to enhance profitability and to helping us implement the 
Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

In 2017 we initiated a review of our learnings from operating the Responsible Sourcing Policy 
(RSP) since its introduction in 2014 – with the aim of improving our approach and increasing the 
number of suppliers committing to and then meeting its requirements.    

Our review resulted in improved verification and remediation requirements and better anti-bribery 
and corruption compliance processes, as well as a more effective way of assessing compliance 
with the Policy. Using this revised compliance assessment, 55%†* of our procurement spend was 
through suppliers meeting the RSP’s mandatory requirements in 2017.   

†Independently assured by PwC 

*In 2017 we amended the way we assess compliance with the RSP, hence prior years’ numbers are not comparable  

Advancing human rights with suppliers  

6 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Create a framework for fair compensation 

•  We will create a framework for fair 

compensation, starting with an analysis 
in 180 countries by 2015. 

We will work with external organisations, 
including our social partners, referring to 
approaches such as living wage 
methodologies.  

Through a series of activities††, in 2015 we 
created a Framework for Fair Compensation 
which we rolled out in 2016. We use the Fair 
Wage Network to provide a global database 
of relevant living wage benchmark data for 
each country in which we have operations. 
This enables us to compare non-
management employees’ lowest fixed 
earnings levels against relevant living wage 
benchmarks.  

Our Perspective  

Our Framework for Fair Compensation provides a structured way for Unilever to outline how the 
various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation to our employees. We 
want all our businesses worldwide to comply with the principles of our Framework, including no 
discrimination in pay, by 2020.  In 2017 we brought forward the living wage element of the 
Framework with the ambition that all our 161,000 employees should have sufficient guaranteed 
fixed earnings to be above a living wage by 2018 rather than 2020.   

We use the Fair Wage Network to provide a global database of relevant living wage benchmark 
data for each country in which we have employees. This gives us an ongoing system and 
methodology to monitor our employees’ rewards against relevant living wage benchmarks, and 
supports compliance with the Framework by our businesses around the world.  In the UK, we 
published our first Gender Pay Gap report. 

††The description of activities has been independently assured by PwC.  See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities. 

Fair compensation  

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Improve employee health, nutrition and well-being 

Our Lamplighter employee programme aims to improve the nutrition, fitness and mental resilience 
of employees. By 2010 it had already been implemented in 30 countries, reaching 35,000 people.  

• 

In 2011 we aimed to extend the 
reach of Lamplighter to a further 
eight countries. We will implement 
Lamplighter in an additional 30 
countries between 2012 and 2015. 
Our longer-term goal is to extend it 
to all the countries where we 
operate with over 100 people.  

•  We will implement a mental well-
being framework globally.  

Our Lamplighter programme reached 91,000 
employees across 70 countries by 2014, 
achieving our target a year early.  In 2017 the 
programme reached 74 countries. 

In 2015 we completed the two-year roll-out of 
our new module for mental well-being and 
established a global steering committee to 
monitor progress.  

Our Perspective  

Our Lamplighter employee health programme is key to addressing the top three health risks across 
our business: mental well-being; lifestyle factors (eg exercise, nutrition, smoking, obesity); and 
ergonomic factors (eg repetitive strain injury). 

Lamplighter helps to safeguard employees’ health, improve productivity and reduce costs. It 
reached 91,000 employees across 70 countries in 2014, fulfilling our target to reach 68 countries a 
year early. In 2017, there were nearly 75,000 employees in 74 countries enrolled on the programme 
(this number fluctuates from year to year as we do not cover every employee on a yearly basis). 

In 2015, we rolled out Unilever’s mental well-being module. This helps people manage pressure, 
offering practical advice on how to focus and practise mindfulness techniques, to feel more 
empowered and to work in an agile manner. Over 2015-2017, around 50,000 employees completed 
one of our Thrive workshops to help them put well-being into practice. 

Improving employee health & well-being  

8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reduce workplace injuries and accidents 

We aim for zero workplace injuries. By 
2020 we will reduce the Total Recordable 
Frequency Rate (TRFR) for accidents in 
our factories and offices by 50% versus 
2008.  

  Over 50% reduction in TRFR achieved by 

2017, down to 0.89† from 2.10 accidents per 
1 million hours worked in 2008.  

Our Perspective  

Our Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) improved to 0.89† accidents per 1 million hours 
worked (measured October 2016-September 2017), down from 1.01 in 2016. This was driven by the 
continuous focus on safety in high risk areas. We will consider our target fully achieved once we 
reach 2020; until then, our challenge is to keep our performance on track. 

We continue to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy, ie zero: fatalities; injuries; motor vehicle incidents; 
process incidents; tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices.  In manufacturing, we focused on 
process safety through standards and enhanced individual qualifications as well as through our 
partner programme, Safety to Win. As a result of these initiatives, we achieved a 46% reduction in 
process safety incidents versus prior years. On our construction sites, we focused on a global Work 
at Heights training programme, while for travel we continued to promote safe driving.  

†Independently assured by PwC 

9 

 
 
 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Advancing human rights in our own
operations
We have a responsibility to respect human rights. And we know that by

advancing human rights in our operations, we’re strengthening our business

and building trust.

“

When I think about Unilever’s potential to advance

respect for human rights, I naturally think about our

responsibility– but I am also inspired and humbled by

our opportunity.

”

Paul Polman, our Chief Executive Officer

Respect for human rights is at the core of our
business
Our  Human Rights Policy Statement (PDF | 609KB) (/Images/unilever­human­

rights­policy­statement_tcm244­422954_en.pdf) describes our commitment to respect

universal principles, our due diligence processes and our governance. We’re using the

framework provided by the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to

monitor, influence and improve the business practices of our own operations, as well

as those of our suppliers and business partners.

We published our first  Human Rights Report (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­human­

rights­report­2015_tcm244­437226_en.pdf) in June 2015, fulfilling our commitment to

report publicly on our implementation of the UN Guiding Principles.

Our report used the  UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework

(http://www.ungpreporting.org/) – making Unilever the first company to do so

comprehensively. We describe our progress in our second  Human Rights Report

(PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf),

published in December 2017. On page 16, we describe how we identified, and report

against, our eight most salient human rights issues ­ the human rights that are at risk

of the most severe negative impacts through our activities or business relationships.

Respect for human rights is core to our business, and examples of this can be found

throughout our Sustainable Living Report. In particular, the Opportunities for women

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/) and Inclusive

business (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/) pillars of our

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan address specific aspects related to diversity,

inclusion, non­discrimination and other human rights issues.



How we define human rights

In line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (2011),

we base our human rights commitment and policy on:

the International Bill of Human Rights (which, in addition to the Universal

Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), consists of the International Covenant

on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic,

Social and Cultural Rights) and

 
the principles concerning fundamental rights set out in the International

Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at

Work.

We also support the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Over 70 years after it was adopted by the United Nations in 1948, the Universal

Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) remains the cornerstone of modern human

rights law. It calls upon “every individual and every organ of society” to promote

respect for human rights.

We support the call of the UN Office for the High Commissioner on Human Rights to

 ‘Stand up for someone’s rights today’

(http://www.standup4humanrights.org/en/highlights_04.html).

 http://www.un.org/en/events/humanrightsday/

(http://http://www.un.org/en/events/humanrightsday/)

"Changing one mind, one heart at a time"

Winfridah Moraa Myakwara is by training a human rights lawyer.

She joined Unilever Tea Kenya in 2013 to translate human rights into practical

benefits for our employees and the surrounding community. In 2017 she became

our Integrated Social Sustainability Manager for Africa.

“From my work I found two essential reasons to embed human rights in our

operations. First, it is the ‘human’ thing to do, the right and smart thing to do. And

secondly, to drive productivity and profitability with people at the core of business.

The journey to embed human rights is a longstanding one that is nowhere near

complete. It is a journey of integrating social good into the core business

strategies. It is a journey of changing one mind, one heart at a time.”.

Our commitment to our employees

We’re committed to ensuring that all

our employees work in an

environment that promotes human

rights by supporting diversity, trust

and equal opportunities, and is free

from discrimination or victimisation.

This is one of the foundations of our

business culture. It enables our

employees to work at their best,

wherever they are in the world.

Our Respect, Dignity and Fair

Treatment Code Policy sets out what

we and our employees must do to

uphold this culture. It forms part of the

framework of 24 Code Policies

supporting our  Code of Business

Principles (Code) (PDF | 5MB)

(/Images/code­of­business­principles­

and­code­policies_tcm244­

24

Code Policies

support our

 Code of

Business

Principles (PDF |

5MB)

(/Images/code­

of­business­

principles­and­

code­

policies_tcm244­

409220_en.pdf)

409220_en.pdf) and defining the ethical behaviours all employees need to

demonstrate when working for Unilever. In 2016 we updated the Policy specifically to

prohibit discrimination on the grounds of gender identity. We expect and encourage

employees to bring to our attention any breach of our Code.

“Moving from commitments to everyday actions”

After joining Unilever in 2013 to lead our work on human rights, in 2016 Marcela

Manubens was appointed our Global Vice President, Integrated Social

Sustainability.

In this role she took on responsibility for all areas of supply chain social

sustainability, including strategy and advocacy and social accountability for our

own operations, suppliers and third parties. She’s also responsible for integrating

all aspects of our social impact agenda in our Supply Chain function and across

Unilever. Marcela describes how the Integrated Social Sustainability team works:

“Despite all the progress made in recent years, there are many challenges and

threats to human rights, some longstanding, some newly emerging.

I believe that if we are to succeed in advancing human rights worldwide, we must

all share a responsibility to move from commitments to impactful everyday

actions. And we must challenge ourselves to prevent abusive conditions from

happening. What does that mean to our business? It means that we must be a

company prepared to rethink its business and work with others to embed human

rights in all we do until respect for human rights becomes a universal reality.

The way our Integrated Social Sustainability team works reflects the importance

of looking at these issues holistically. The team tackles our eight salient human

rights issues, taking action on three fronts.

In Social Accountability we focus on working with our suppliers to create truly

socially, environmentally and economically sustainable supply chains.

Human Rights Stewardship looks at endemic strategic emerging human rights

issues: helping the business address issues we know are endemic in global

supply chains.

Our Social Impact work operationalises human rights efforts on the ground.

By bringing these elements together, we’re moving closer to the vision for our

business we all want to see: a company in which respect for human rights is

embedded in everything we do, creating a positive social impact for millions of

people.”

How we check on our progress



Compliance, monitoring & reporting

We support our commitment with an active process of compliance, monitoring

and reporting. The Board of Unilever has overall responsibility for ensuring this

is carried out. Day­to­day responsibility lies with senior management around the

world. Checks are also made by our Corporate Audit function and by our

external auditors.

Responsibility for the strategy and execution of our global Code compliance

programme is held by our Chief Business Integrity Officer, who reports to our

Chief Legal Officer. She heads up a network of national and regional Business

Integrity Officers who are part of our Legal function.

Providing ‘access to remedy’
We’re developing a single integrated Code and grievance channel to ensure that our

employees can raise issues and concerns as simply as possible. Our grievance

procedure enables employees to raise workplace issues and concerns about their

 
employment. Our Code procedure is for raising concerns about the Code or related

policies. We are also creating better systems to analyse the grievances and Code

breaches we receive. Our Chief Business Integrity Officer leads this work.

How can people raise concerns & make reports?
Transparency is essential. We believe grievance mechanisms play a critical role in

opening channels for dialogue, problem solving, investigation and, when required,

providing remedy. They enable workers and other rights­holders to raise complaints

freely and obtain effective and transparent resolutions. They can also help identify

country­specific solutions and pre­emptive action.

We encourage individuals and communities to raise any concerns with us directly. On

occasions where they feel they aren't able to do this, we would never seek to impede

access to state­based judicial or non­judicial mechanisms for those who feel human

rights have been impacted, and would aim to co­operate as required with competent

authorities in investigating or adjudicating alleged human rights impacts.

Speaking up: a vital part of a values-based culture

Anny Tubbs is our Chief Business Integrity Officer. She explains the mechanisms

we’ve put in place.

“We encourage all our employees and third parties to speak up, without fear of

retaliation and in strict confidence (or anonymously if they prefer), regarding any

concerns about Code issues. Encouraging people to speak up early helps us

manage risk and builds trust in our business. Likewise, by communicating the

number of substantiated breaches and dismissals each year we make ‘living the

Code’ a very visible part of our culture.

We invite employees to discuss concerns directly with their line manager,

Business Integrity Officer or a member of their local leadership wherever possible

– that’s our primary route. But they can also use an externally­hosted confidential

 Code Support Line (https://app.convercent.com/en­

us/LandingPage/99b958aa­55a1­e611­80d3­000d3ab1117e) (a ‘whistle­blowing’

line) – on the phone or internet. All the Business Integrity awareness and learning

materials we’ve created highlight these channels.

Similarly, while we require our suppliers to provide their workers with their own

robust internal procedures to raise any issues, our  Code Support Line

(https://app.convercent.com/en­us/LandingPage/99b958aa­55a1­e611­80d3­

000d3ab1117e) is open to third parties. That means our suppliers and their

employees can also contact us if they’re concerned about any breaches (by us or

within their own operations) of our Code, our Responsible Sourcing Policy or

Responsible Business Partner Policy.

I took on this role in 2015 and it’s increasingly clear to me that capacity­building is

key. We need to continuously promote the Code around the business in ways that

show its relevance and normalise the fact of speaking up. Our teams work hard to

ensure the Code remains an everyday part of working here.”

Bringing human rights to life for our employees
Training and support are essential if we are to embed respect for human rights across

Unilever. We run a wide range of training on compliance and integrity, and all our

employees are trained on respect for human rights every three years. This training is

supported by our new internal Integrated Social Sustainability online hub which

contains our key policy publications, reports, and best practice guidance documents.

And each year, we celebrate Human Rights Day.



How we've celebrated Human Rights Day (10 December) within
Unilever

2013

We celebrated our first Unilever Human Rights Day with activities that included

a film in which our senior leaders described why human rights mattered to them

and to the business.

2014

We promoted our new Fairness in the Workplace pillar of the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan.

2015

We helped people to understand the eight salient human rights issues included

in our first  Human Rights Report (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­human­

rights­report­2015_tcm244­437226_en.pdf).

2016

We encouraged employees in around 60 offices and factories worldwide to

support the UN Human Rights Office’s global campaign  Stand up for

someone’s rights today (http://www.standup4humanrights.org/en/).

2017

We launched our second  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB)

(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) and publicised

it via ‘Human rights: the foundation on which our business is built’ (/news/news­

and­features/Feature­article/2017/human­rights­the­foundation­on­which­our­

business­is­built.html) on our website.

2018

We published highlights of our progress to address our  salient human rights

issues (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/understanding­our­human­rights­impacts/)

and a  Global Women’s Safety Framework in Rural Spaces

(https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­

for­women/promoting­safety­for­women/) as part of our work with UN Women.

Related links

Downloads

External links





Voluntary
Principles on
Security and
Human Rights
(http://www.voluntaryp

UN Guiding
Principles on
Business and
Human Rights
(https://www.unglobalc







Working with
others on
human rights
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
in­our­own­
operations/working­
with­others­on­
human­rights/)

Business
integrity
(/about/who­we­
are/our­values­
and­
principles/business­
integrity/)

Advancing
diversity &
inclusion
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportuniti
for­
women/advancing­







Unilever Human
Rights Report
2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

Unilever Human
Rights Report
2015
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­
human­rights­
report­
2015_tcm244­
437226_en.pdf)

Human Rights
Policy
Statement
PDF | 609KB
(/Images/unilever­
human­rights­
policy­
statement_tcm244­
422954_en.pdf)



Unilever
Responsible
Sourcing Policy

diversity­and­
inclusion/)



Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/)

PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­
sourcing­policy­
interactive­
final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)

Arabic Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 599KB
(/Images/arabic_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438217_en.pdf)

Chinese
Simplified
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 424KB
(/Images/chinese­
simplified_human­
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438219_en.pdf)

Chinese
Traditional
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 809KB
(/Images/chinese­
traditional_human­
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438220_en.pdf)

Czech Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 373KB
(/Images/czech_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438221_en.pdf)

Dutch Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 430KB
(/Images/dutch_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438222_en.pdf)













French Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 149KB













(/Images/french_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438223_en.pdf)

German Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 423KB
(/Images/german_hum
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438224_en.pdf)

Greek Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 159KB
(/Images/greek_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438226_en.pdf)

Hungarian
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/hungarian_h
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438227_en.pdf)

Indonesian
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 299KB
(/Images/indonesian_
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438228_en.pdf)

Italian Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 420KB
(/Images/italian_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438229_en.pdf)

Japanese
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 458KB
(/Images/japanese_hu
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438232_en.pdf)











Korean Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 578KB
(/Images/korean_hum
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438233_en.pdf)

Polish Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 388KB
(/Images/polish_huma
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438234_en.pdf)

Portuguese
Brazil Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 151KB
(/Images/portuguese­
brazil_human­
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438235_en.pdf)

Russian Human
Rights Policy
PDF | 432KB
(/Images/russian_hum
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438236_en.pdf)

Spanish Mexico
Human Rights
Policy
PDF | 368KB
(/Images/spanish­
mexico_human­
rights­
policy_tcm244­
438253_en.pdf)



Previous

Building a safer business

Next 

Advancing human rights with suppliers & business partners

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019



Fairness
in
the
workplace

Working with others on human rights
We believe we can better advance human rights by working with others on a

local and global level.

Supporting – & leading – collaborative action
We have a clear responsibility to address human rights issues in our value chain ­ and

we’re taking action on them. But we know that the lasting, systemic changes needed to

make a positive difference in many areas will not be achieved by one company acting

alone: they can only come about through collaborative action at scale.

Other companies, labour and civil society organisations, NGOs, multinational initiatives

– partnerships with these and many other organisations give us opportunities to

increase the positive impact we can make. By drawing on the research, access,

expertise and scale of our stakeholders and partners we can learn more, make better

decisions and create more of a difference.



Key collaborations driving change

Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) Social Sustainability Committee: drives

global collaboration between retailers and manufacturers in identifying and

tackling key social sustainability issues such as the eradication of forced labour

World Economic Forum (WEF) Global Future Council: the future of Human

Rights: aims to better understand the potential impact of the fourth industrial

revolution on human rights.

AIM­PROGRESS: promotes responsible sourcing practices and sustainable

supply chains for fast­moving consumer goods (FMCG) manufacturers with

common suppliers.

Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment: works towards the

eradication of recruitment fees and related costs and the responsible recruitment

of migrant workers

For more details of these and other collaborations, see our  Human Rights

Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­

513973_en.pdf)

Supporting human rights defenders
A wide range of individuals and organisations are engaged in the global effort to

advance human rights. We recognise that there is increasing pressure and insecurity

for human rights defenders, including trade unionists. We're committed to supporting

them.



Human rights defenders

We do not tolerate threats, intimidation, physical or legal attacks against human

rights defenders in relation to our operations.

Collaborating to address forced labour & human
trafficking
Collaborative action is essential to eradicating forced labour from global value chains,

including ours. By working together, industry groups can identify and address issues

and geographies of shared concern. That enhances the efficiency of individual

company initiatives

Tackling endemic human rights issues

 
Rachel Cowburn­Walden, Global Director, Human Rights Stewardship, Integrated

Social Sustainability.

“In my role ­ Human Rights Stewardship ­ I focus on endemic human rights issues

such as forced labour, land rights and poor working conditions.

I know that these are most effectively addressed by working with and learning from

others, including other businesses, industry organisations, governments, civil

society and trade unions. That’s why it’s crucial we take an active part in

collaborations to drive action, share best practice and report on progress. This

strengthens the embedding of commitments.

I have seen how most progress can be made when everyone comes together with

a shared vision and determination to make positive change. The size of our value

chain means that we have much to do. I am both humbled and driven by the

continuing challenge.”

As members of the  Consumer Goods Forum (CGF)

(http://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/about­the­forum/our­board­of­directors?

utm_source=TCGF+News+Release&utm_campaign=70039e8407­

Social_Resolution_Members_1_14_2016&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_0efe68d81b­

70039e8407­65415953), and in particular its Social Sustainability Committee, we

support its  resolution to fight forced labour

(http://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/strategic­focus/social­sustainability/) issues

throughout global supply chains and its Priority Industry Principles to drive action:

every worker should have freedom of movement

no worker should pay for a job, and

no worker should be indebted or coerced to work.

We support this work through internal and external training including and through

workshops with our suppliers that include a focus on forced labour. We continue to

work with our suppliers to identify and address existing and emerging issues through

impact assessments, capacity building and stronger engagement with workers.

Making sure 'the employer pays'
We work on the eradication of forced labour through a number of other partnerships

too. For example, in 2016 we were one of five companies to form the  Leadership

Group for Responsible Recruitment (https://www.ihrb.org/employerpays/leadership­

group­for­responsible­recruitment), which is facilitated by the Institute for Human Rights

and Business. The Leadership Group focuses on promoting ethical recruitment – the

‘employer pays’ principle, specifying that no workers should pay for a job – and

combating the exploitation of migrant workers. As part of the Leadership Group for

Responsible Recruitment, we’ve created an enhanced vetting process for our

employment agencies. We’re also rolling out a new policy on the sustainable

employment of temporary workers.

For more details, see our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB)

(https://www.unilever.com/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­

513973_en.pdf).

Working with suppliers to eradicate forced labour

Sanjiv Kakkar is Executive Vice President for our North Africa, Middle East,

Turkey, Russia and Belarus region, based in Dubai.

“Forced labour is prevalent in all regions of the world. Issues such as the

responsible recruitment and management of migrant labour are not easy to

address and resolve. That’s why we believe so strongly in an approach of

partnership where we can work together and advance best preventative practices

to create positive change.

In March 2017, we co­sponsored a Responsible Sourcing Supplier Event in Dubai

with peer companies, organised by AIM­PROGRESS. It gave me the opportunity

to emphasise the critical role suppliers play – and the event included workshops

focusing on migrant workers, recruitment and passport retention.

Unilever also took part in similar supplier training events in India, Thailand and

Malaysia during 2017 and in China in 2018. It’s a good way to share learning on

how we can all take action to combat abusive practices.”

Supporting the UN Global Compact
We are a founding signatory to the UN Global Compact (UNGC). We pledged to uphold

its commitments in relation to human rights, labour, the environment and anti­

corruption. We’re also members of UNGC’s Human Rights Working Group.

In 2013, we endorsed the Women’s Empowerment Principles, a collaboration between

UNGC and UN Women. We are implementing these principles across our business, as

well as taking steps to increase women’s rights and economic inclusion in our supply

chain. Read more about how we’re increasing Opportunities for women (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/).

For more information on the UN Global Compact, including our annual Communication

on Progress, see our UNGC index (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/ungc­

index/) page.

Engaging on labour rights
Labour rights, including the right to freedom of association, are an integral part of

human rights.



Freedom of association

Freedom of association is one of our eight salient human rights issues. Our Code

of Business Principles, through its Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Policy,

makes clear that all Unilever companies must:

“Respect employees’ rights to join or not to join a legally recognised trade union,

or any other body representing their collective interests, and establish

constructive dialogue and bargain in good faith with trade unions or

representative bodies on employment conditions, labour management relations

and matters of mutual concern, to the extent practicable taking national laws into

consideration.”

We engage in a wide range of consultation with our stakeholders on labour rights,

including with the OECD, International Labour Organization, UN Global Compact, the

IUF (International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tobacco and

Allied Workers’ Associations) and IndustriALL.



Consultations with trade unions

We consider dialogue with trade unions to be very important and we continue to

engage with them and learn from best practices. In those countries where the

right to freedom of association is restricted, we’re exploring how we can develop

dialogue through joint working groups

We have formal and informal consultations with unions. Formal consultations are

in addition to the day­to­day interactions our leadership teams have with union

representatives in the factories, and regional and global consultations we have

with trade union executives.

Our formal consultations
We run a biannual consultation forum with the IUF and IndustriALL. This provides a

face­to­face engagement between our senior industrial relations leaders and IUF

leadership. Via its affiliates, the IUF represents over 10 million workers, including

thousands of our employees.

These discussions allow us to communicate directly with our trade union partners and

set the tone for how we expect local management teams to interact with local trade

unions. Worker representatives discuss local and global rights issues which then can

be addressed by our senior team. These discussions also give us a platform to

communicate our own business context, and new policies and programmes that impact

workers. We discuss rights issues in our own operations, in joint ventures, and

involving our suppliers. We also focus on our key commodities such as palm oil and

tea, and particularly on working conditions for women in those sectors.

This enables us to identify any emerging issues at an early stage and work together on

human rights concerns. For example, in 2017, following a joint commitment signed by

Unilever, IUF and IndustriALL, the IUF produced a booklet called ‘No Place for Sexual

Harassment at Unilever’. More information about our work with trade unions, including

our working group with the IUF on Sustainable Employment, is on pages 38­40 of our

 Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (https://www.unilever.com/Images/human­

rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Today, around 75% of our blue­collar workers (based at factory sites) are covered by an

independent trade union or collective bargaining agreement. We have to date focused

on collecting data from factory sites but have plans to include all sites.

In October 2018 we signed a joint memorandum of understanding (MOU) between

Unilever, the IUF and IndustriALL Global Union, recognising the IUF and IndustriALL

Global Union as the internationally representative bodies of unionised workers within

our worldwide operations.



Suppliers & freedom of association

Our approach to freedom of association is carried through to our suppliers via

our Responsible Sourcing Policy. One of its Fundamental Principles (8) is that all

workers are free to exercise their right to form and/or join a trade union of their

choice. Our  Responsible Business Partner Policy (PDF ­ 2.1MB)

(https://www.unilever.com/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­

2017_tcm244­504807_en.pdf) for our customers and distributors also recognises

this right.

See  Advancing human rights with our suppliers & business partners

(https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­

the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers/)

Related links

Downloads

External links



Advancing
human rights



Unilever Human
Rights Report



Women’s
Empowerment

Principles
(http://www.weprincipl



United Nations
Global Compact
(https://www.unglobalc



International
Union of Food
Workers
(http://www.iuf.org/)

with suppliers &
business
partners
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
with­suppliers­
and­business­
partners/)





UNGC Index
(/sustainable­
living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/ungc­
index/)

Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/)

2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)



Labour Rights in
Vietnam –
Unilever’s
Progress and
Systemic
Challenges ­
2016
(http://policy­
practice.oxfam.org.uk/
rights­in­
vietnam­
unilevers­
progress­and­
systemic­
challenges­
614926)



Labour rights in
Unilever’s
supply chain –
2013
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/labour­
rights­in­
unilevers­
supply­
chain_tcm244­
422959_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Advancing human rights with suppliers &
business partners
From the fields and factories from which we source our raw materials to the

many businesses that provide services to us or contribute to our distribution

network, our value chain is long and complex. By connecting us with

millions of people, it gives us one of our most important opportunities to

advance human rights and address risks – and helps us build the trust that

is vital to our business success.

A supply & distribution network with purpose
Our business success is intertwined with the

integrity, strength and sustainability of the many

thousands of business partners in our value chain.

We believe that by working with and supporting our

suppliers, distributors and other business partners

and their workers, we can create a socially and

environmentally sustainable value chain.

Advancing human rights in our supply chain gives

us the opportunity to make a positive difference to

the lives of many hundreds of thousands of people

€34b

Our spend on

goods and services

in 2017

and to contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals. It also provides a lasting

foundation for our growth.

At the heart of our ambition: our Responsible
Sourcing Policy & Responsible Business Partner
Policy



Our Policies

Our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­

sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf) (RSP)

and  Responsible Business Partner Policy  (PDF | 3MB)

(/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­

504807_en.pdf)(RBPP) embody our commitment to conduct business with

integrity, openness and respect for universal human rights and core labour

principles.

The RSP applies to our suppliers, while the RBPP applies to the business

partners who deliver our products to consumers.

While the Responsible Sourcing Policy is our overarching policy and code, we

also assess specific commodity suppliers against the Unilever Sustainable

Agriculture Code, our Sustainable Paper and Board Packaging Policy or the

Unilever Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy.

Introduced in 2014 and updated in 2017, our RSP sets mandatory requirements on

human and labour rights for suppliers who have a business relationship with Unilever.

It sets out our 12 Fundamental Principles and defines the mandatory requirements that

suppliers must achieve to do business with us.

The RSP also gives guidance and tips on how suppliers can progress up the

‘continuous improvement ladder’ that we use to engage suppliers in working towards

leading practices. We expect suppliers to work with us and to make progress over time

from the mandatory requirements towards good and best practices. We review and

update our guidance regularly, working with suppliers and external experts to share

examples of best practice to ensure the guidance continues to set a benchmark that

the industry can aspire to. We’re committed to applying our RSP across our entire

supply chain.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy is crucial to creating change at
scale

Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer and member of the Unilever

Leadership Executive.

“As a company operating in over 190 countries, with tens of thousands of

suppliers and communities all over the world touched by our value chain, the

Responsible Sourcing Policy shapes how we operate. We expect the highest

standards of behaviour from ourselves and this extends to all our suppliers, their

workers and those with whom we do business.

We have a responsibility and opportunity through the Responsible Sourcing

Policy to create fundamental, positive change at scale.”

We introduced our Responsible Business Partner Policy in 2015. It applies to our

many business partners in the networks that deliver our products to consumers.

We aligned the RBPP with the RSP in 2017. The two now set out common values and

principles at the mandatory requirements level, and use similar self­assessment

questionnaires and risk evaluation methodologies. The RBPP shares the same

principles as the RSP, grouped as:

conducting business lawfully and with integrity

respecting terms of employment and human rights, and

a commitment to sustainability (which includes the need to respect the land rights

of communities).

Why a responsible business needs responsible partners

Ritva Sotamaa, our Chief Legal Officer, explains why we need a Responsible

Sourcing Policy and a Responsible Business Partner Policy.

“From sourcing raw materials into our factories to the way consumers access and

use our products, Unilever’s global reach gives us a unique opportunity to lead

the way in championing ethical business practices. We want business integrity to

be business as usual across our entire operational footprint.

Breaches of human rights ruin lives and livelihoods. The cost of corruption is a

powerful obstacle to sustainable economic growth. Doing business with integrity

is a non­negotiable for Unilever: we are committed to working with others who

share our values and seek to operate to the same standards as we do. Collective

action is key to successfully upholding human rights and fighting corruption in all

its forms.”

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy - a source of
growth & trust
We've set high ambitions for our RSP. We’re convinced of the moral and business

case for working only with suppliers who commit to transparency, providing remedy of

shortcoming and driving continuous improvement. We want our supply chain to be a

trusted foundation for our growth, and a force for good on human rights – this requires

a continuous review and adaptation of our approach to achieve the most impact.

Spotlight

Impact at pace through our Responsible Sourcing Policy

We're reaching more of our suppliers than ever through our Responsible

Sourcing Policy.

And as we extend its reach we're also focusing on impact. When we introduced

our RSP in 2014, replacing a previous Supplier Code, we focused on our

production item suppliers (suppliers of the raw materials that go into the

products we make) and a select number of other strategic suppliers. By the end

of 2016, around 5,500 suppliers had made a commitment to the RSP ­ and they

represented about two­thirds of our total procurement spend, and more than

90% of procurement spend from production item suppliers.

But we knew that the remainder of our spend represented roughly 90% of the

total number of our suppliers, spread across thousands of small service

providers. So in 2017 we extended the RSP programme significantly, bringing

into scope all our production item suppliers and all our indirect procurement

suppliers (suppliers of services such as marketing, workplace or professional

services).

At the same time, we simplified our processes for registration, including our

self­assessment questionnaire. We refined our approach to risk evaluation, and

increased due diligence by providing new guidelines for our teams on how to

mitigate and escalate any instances of bribery and corruption. Finally, we

strengthened how we calculate and report compliance.

By the end of 2017, more than 27,000 suppliers (largely indirect procurement

suppliers) had made a positive commitment to comply with the principles of the

RSP through signing an RSP Pledge ­ an important first step. This brought the

total number of suppliers in our programme to over 33,000. Throughout this

process, we worked to fully on­board these suppliers and improve our due

diligence so we could evaluate their compliance with the RSP, prioritising

suppliers through risk evaluation.

In 2018 over 20,000 suppliers completed the next step in the process ­ to

become fully registered in our system. This now includes all suppliers

evaluated as representing higher risks. In 2019 we aim to complete the

registration of suppliers representing medium and low risk, covering all the

suppliers in our supply chain. We will also strengthen the governance of the

RSP by launching a programme where we will only source from suppliers that

are compliant with the RSP’s mandatory requirements.

Collaborating to improve human rights
We recognise that addressing endemic issues often depends on working closely with

suppliers and others in our industry. While we will not compromise on the principles of

our RSP, we collaborate with others in the industry and listen to our suppliers’

experience of working with us, so we and our suppliers can have the biggest impact.



Extending our reach

Until June 2017, we only recognised our own audit protocol, the Understanding

Responsible Sourcing Audit (URSA), as a means of evaluating compliance.

Since 2017, we've built on two ways to make advancing human rights in our

supply chain more impactful and efficient, for us and our partners: through the

concept of mutual recognition and the use of trusted monitoring systems.

Mutual recognition
‘Mutual recognition’ means recognising those

suppliers who have their own mature,

comprehensive compliance and responsible

sourcing programmes in place, and agreeing that

2017

they meet our RSP requirements through the

implementation and governance of their own

programme.

We only do this after an evaluation to check that

their programme aligns with the RSP and

appropriately addresses risks. We also check that

the supplier has an effective remediation process.

We extended the

concept of ‘mutual

recognition’ to

more suppliers

This arrangement can only apply to a relatively small number of large, trusted

suppliers. But it brings huge advantages, because it allows them to focus on

improvements, eliminating duplicate audits, and allows us to focus our resources and

efforts on other parts of our supply chain that are potentially higher risk.

Using trusted monitoring systems
We also work with external monitoring systems

where we are confident they meet our goals and

standards. This allows suppliers to demonstrate

compliance to multiple customers using the same

system. It helps limit unnecessary duplication and

audit fatigue, while freeing resources and cost to

make improvements when needed.

By June 2017  Sedex

(https://www.sedexglobal.com/) (the largest

collaborative platform for sharing responsible

sourcing data on supply chains) had updated and

extended its Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit,

known as  SMETA

(https://www.sedexglobal.com/smeta­audit/). This

update incorporated critical elements of our RSP

and our URSA audit protocol.

We now accept SMETA audits as a means of

verifying compliance to the RSP, as long as the

audit is performed by one of the eight audit

companies that we recognise.

2017

We started to

accept SMETA

audits

2018

We introduced

Ecovadis for

indirect

procurement

suppliers

In 2018, we introduced the use of the  EcoVadis (https://www.ecovadis.com/)

assessment to evaluate indirect procurement suppliers. EcoVadis is an online rating

and scorecard platform that evaluates suppliers across 21 criteria covering

environment, fair labour and human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement. The

desktop EcoVadis assessment suits small and medium indirect procurement

companies which are often office­based. EcoVadis is a tool used by other industry

peer companies for indirect procurement suppliers.

Using a common tool allows us to align our approaches and increase the impact with

industry peer companies, while reducing costs and audit fatigue for our suppliers. We

continue to use the URSA and SMETA protocols for production item suppliers which

typically have manufacturing facilities needing on­site assessment.

Our RSP’s  Audit Requirements (PDF | 249KB) (/Images/current­unilever­audit­

requirements_tcm244­520095_en.pdf) set out the details of what we accept.

Spotlight

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy: 12 fundamental
principles

Our RSP contains 12 Fundamental Principles based on internationally

recognised standards, including the UN Guiding Principles on Business and

Human Rights. It includes guidelines and tips designed to assist our suppliers

to improve their practices relating to all the Policy’s Fundamental Principles.

1. Business is conducted lawfully and with integrity

This addresses the issues of compliance with laws, bribery, conflicts of interest,

gifts and hospitality, confidential and competitor information and financial

records. It also addresses money laundering and insider trading, safeguarding

information and property, product quality and responsible innovation, prohibition

of any and all forms of facilitation of tax evasion, reporting concerns and non­

retaliation.

2. Work is conducted on the basis of freely agreed and
documented terms of employment

All workers, both permanent and casual, are provided with employment

documents that are freely agreed and which respect their legal and contractual

rights. 

3. All workers are treated equally and with respect and
dignity

All workers are treated with respect and dignity. No worker is subject to any

physical, sexual, psychological or verbal harassment, abuse or other form of

intimidation. There is no discrimination in employment, including hiring,

compensation, advancement, discipline, termination or retirement.

Discrimination based on race, ethnicity, age, role, gender, gender identity,

colour, religion, country of origin, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy,

dependants, disability, social class, union membership or political views is

prevented. In particular, attention is paid to the rights of workers most

vulnerable to discrimination. 

4. Work is conducted on a voluntary basis

Under no circumstances will a supplier use forced labour, whether in the form

of compulsory or trafficked labour, indentured labour, bonded labour or other

forms. Mental and physical coercion, slavery and human trafficking are

prohibited.

5. All workers are of an appropriate age

Under no circumstances will a supplier employ individuals under the age of 15

or under the local legal minimum age for work or mandatory schooling,

whichever is higher. When young workers are employed they must not do work

that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous or harmful or

interferes with their schooling by depriving them of the opportunity to attend

school. 

6. All workers are paid fair wages

All workers are provided with a total compensation package that includes

wages, overtime pay, benefits and paid leave which meets or exceeds the legal

minimum standards or appropriate prevailing industry standards, whichever is

higher, and compensation terms established by legally binding collective

bargaining agreements are implemented and adhered to. 

7. Working hours for all workers are reasonable

Workers are not required to work more than the regular and overtime hours

allowed by the law of the country where the workers are employed. All overtime

work by workers is on a voluntary basis.

8. All workers are free to exercise their right to form and/or
join trade unions or to refrain from doing so and to bargain
collectively

The rights of workers to freedom of association and collective bargaining are

recognised and respected. Workers are not intimidated or harassed in the

exercise of their right to join or refrain from joining any organisation.

9. All workers’ health and safety are protected at work

A healthy and safe workplace is provided to prevent accidents and injury arising

out of, linked with, or occurring in the course of work or as a result of the

employer’s operations. 

10. All workers have access to fair procedures and
remedies

All workers are provided with transparent, fair and confidential procedures that

result in swift, unbiased and fair resolution of difficulties which may arise as part

of their working relationship. 

11. Land rights of communities, including indigenous
peoples, will be protected and promoted

The rights and title to property and land of the individual, indigenous people

and local communities are respected. All negotiations with regard to their

property or land, including the use of and transfers of it, adhere to the principles

of free, prior and informed consent, contract transparency and disclosure.

12. Business is conducted in a manner which embraces
sustainability and reduces environmental impact

Operations, sourcing, manufacture, distribution of products and the supply of

services are conducted with the aim of protecting and preserving the

environment.

Related links

Downloads



Our Responsible Sourcing
Policy in action (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/advancing­human­
rights­with­suppliers­and­
business­partners/our­
responsible­sourcing­policy­in­
action/)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)









Responsible Sourcing Policy
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­sourcing­
policy­interactive­final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy
Audit Requirements
PDF | 249KB
(/Images/current­unilever­
audit­requirements_tcm244­
520095_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Arabic
PDF | 739KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
arabic_tcm244­509003_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Chinese
PDF | 585KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
chinese_tcm244­
509005_1_en.pdf)

















Responsible Sourcing Policy in
French
PDF | 404KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
french_tcm244­
509006_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
German
PDF | 825KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­­­2017­
german_tcm244­
520373_1_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Hindi
PDF | 793KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
hindi_tcm244­509007_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Indonesian
PDF | 505KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
bahasa­indonesia_tcm244­
509004_1_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Japanese
PDF | 617KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
japanese_tcm244­
509008_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Portuguese
PDF | 584KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
portuguese­brazil­_tcm244­
509009_1_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Russian
PDF | 700KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
russian_tcm244­
483176_1_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Spanish
PDF | 509KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
spanish_tcm244­
509010_1_en.pdf)





Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Thai
PDF | 738KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
thai_tcm244­509011_en.pdf)

Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Turkish
PDF | 486KB
(/Images/unilever­rsp­2017­
turkish_tcm244­
509012_en.pdf)



Responsible Sourcing Policy in
Vietnamese (Responsible
Sourcing Policy ­ Vietnamese)









Responsible Business Partner
Policy
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/responsible­business­
partner­policy­may­
2017_tcm244­504807_en.pdf)

Unilever Sustainable
Agriculture Code 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­
agriculture­code­­sac­­
­2017_tcm244­
515371_1_en.pdf)

Unilever Sustainable Palm Oil
Sourcing Policy
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­sourcing­
policy­interactive­final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)

Sustainable Paper and Board
Packaging Policy 2018
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/unilever­paper­and­
board­packaging­policy­
2018_tcm244­529491_en.pdf)



Previous

Advancing human rights in our own operations

Next 

Understanding our human rights impacts

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Fairness
in
the
workplace

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy in action
The success of our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) depends on the

ability of our suppliers to put its requirements into action in their operations.

We’re working closely with suppliers to help them. And the journey does not

end with complying with the mandatory requirements. The RSP helps

suppliers to seek improvements and progress to good and best practices.

We know that moving up the continuous improvement ladder takes individual effort

and will also require systemic and industry change. We’re working directly with

suppliers to build skills and develop capabilities across important issues such as

eliminating forced labour, avoiding child labour, wages, working hours, management

systems, fire safety and the environment. We also run joint projects on responsible

sourcing innovation to help more of our suppliers move from the RSP’s mandatory

requirements towards its good and best practice levels.



How do we drive compliance with our Responsible Sourcing
Policy?

Underpinning our RSP is the process of due diligence and compliance

assurance, which includes third­party audits where our suppliers have been

assessed as a potential high risk.

Service suppliers that we classify as high risk undergo a desktop auditing

assessment, provided by an industry­recognised third­party organisation.

Raw material and finished goods suppliers undergo an on­site audit.

If the audits identify non­conformances to the mandatory requirements of the

RSP, the supplier must develop a corrective action plan to remediate the issue.

The third­party auditor must assess the effectiveness of the supplier's

remediation actions and confirm they are sufficient within a specific timeframe in

order to close the non­conformance. A supplier must close all non­

conformances to be considered compliant and continue to supply us.

The full process is described in our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF |

10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf), where

we also provide an insight into the work we are doing on our eight salient human

rights issues. See  Human Rights 2018 Supplier Audit Update (PDF | 4MB)

(/Images/unilever­human­rights­2018­supplier­audit­update_tcm244­

529375_en.pdf) for an analysis of the latest findings from our supplier audits.

While audits are a core part of our process, we’ve learned that we and other

companies need to keep refining our overall approach to drive change across the

industry.

Spotlight

Our RSP: improving conditions for workers & supporting
the SDGs

Our third­party audit process plays a crucial role in driving up standards in our

supply chain. We see that as critical to our efforts both to build a stronger

business, and to advance human rights and support the Sustainable

Development Goals (SDGs).

In 2017, for the first time, our  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB)

(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) contained a

detailed breakdown of our audit findings against our eight salient human rights

issues. We published an update (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/understanding­our­human­rights­

impacts/) on this data at the end of 2018, drawing on the findings from our

 Human Rights 2018 Supplier Audit Update (PDF | 4MB) (/Images/unilever­

human­rights­2018­supplier­audit­update_tcm244­529375_en.pdf).

The findings tell us that 44% of the non­conformances found in 2017 related to

health and safety issues. Over 8,500 non­conformances were identified from

just under 1,000 sites.

When the audits find non­conformances, the result is corrective action, of the

kind that has potentially saved lives or prevented human rights abuses. In

2018, our inspections showed that overall 75% of non­conformances are now

closed.

Simon Hindley, our Social Accountability Director, explains: “People in my team

are passionate about driving up standards for workers in our supply chain. We

know that third­party audits of suppliers help identify hugely important issues –

such as dangerous working practices, risks of forced labour or discrimination

against women. And finding these non­conformances triggers a process that

leads to better conditions.

We know that there are even greater challenges on issues that are harder to

identify and remediate through audit, such as forced labour. And it’s important

to remember that audit, while a vital part of the process, cannot transform our

supply chain on its own. But we believe our overall RSP work contributes

directly to SDG 8, which is about promoting sustained, inclusive and

sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work

for all. And it aligns with the  individual targets within SDG 8

(https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg8). Addressing equal pay, for

example is part of SDG 8.5.

Working to eradicate forced labour is at the heart of SDG 8.7. And protecting

labour rights and promoting safe working environments contributes to SDG 8.8.

I think Unilever should be proud of this contribution.

At the same time, we’ve learnt that the biggest advances in supply chain

standards come from collaborative efforts between us and suppliers, and with

peer companies across industries. This insight has helped shape our approach,

and we’ll keep refining what we do in the knowledge that these efforts are

making a difference to people’s lives every day they go to work.”

Acting on breaches

We expect our suppliers and their employees or contractors to report actual or

suspected breaches of our RSP. We will investigate any reported non­conformity

reported in good faith and discuss findings with the supplier. If remediation is needed,

we will work with the supplier to identify the root causes of the issue and to develop a

time­bound corrective action plan to resolve the failure effectively and promptly.

Raising grievances in our extended supply chain
Alongside worker representation, effective grievance mechanisms play an important

part in hearing the voices of workers throughout our supply chain.



Fundamental Principle 10 of our Responsible Sourcing Policy

This Principle states that: “All workers have access to fair procedures and

remedies”.

The mandatory requirement for suppliers in the RSP is that their workers have

access to a confidential grievance mechanism which prohibits retaliation against

the worker, ensures the matters are investigated and results in swift, unbiased

and fair resolutions.

Over and above a supplier’s own grievance mechanisms, Unilever also provides

a hotline that anyone can access to report on responsible sourcing issues. We

have also developed a specific  grievance procedure for workers in our palm

oil supply chain (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/palm­oil­grievance­procedure_tcm244­

510633_en.pdf).

Collective action to drive progress on human
rights with our suppliers

“

We know neither we nor our suppliers can solve all the

endemic challenges in our supply chain on our own.

We also understand the complex demands made on

suppliers by their customers, including us. Improving

standards within the supply chain requires a common

approach and focused, sector-based initiatives

involving many participants.

”

Simon Hindley, our Social Accountability Director, Supply Chain

We’re founder members of AIM PROGRESS, a forum of consumer goods

manufacturers and suppliers who enable and promote responsible sourcing practices

and sustainable production systems. It’s a global initiative, which is supported and

sponsored by AIM in Europe and the Grocery Manufacturers Association (GMA) in

North America.

Along with four other companies, we’re part of the  Leadership Group for

Responsible Recruitment (PDF ­ 645kB) (https://www.ihrb.org/pdf/reports/IHRB­

Statement­of­Intent­Employer­Pays­Principle­Leadership­Group­for­Responsible­

Recruitment.pdf), facilitated by the Institute for Human Rights and Business. This

promotes ethical recruitment and helps combat the exploitation of migrant workers in

global supply chains. It includes the commitment to the ‘employer pays’ principle,

meaning that no worker should pay for a job.

We are members of the  Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) Social Sustainability

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/social­sustainability/) Committee,

having led the creation of its ambition on the eradication of forced labour and the

creation of the  Priority Industry Principles

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/social­sustainability/key­

projects/priority­industry­principles/). We’re also part of the CGF’s  Sustainable

Supply Chain Initiative

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/sustainable­supply­chain­

initiative/) (SSCI), which is working to benchmark and recognise sustainability

standards. The SSCI sets a standard for the content and governance of the

responsible sourcing audit standards, in order to increase confidence in using mutually

recognised standards.

We work through organisations such as the World Business Council for Sustainable

Development, the United Nations Global Compact and the World Economic Forum to

improve environmental and social sustainability, including human rights, in supply

chains.

See also Working with others on human rights (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­our­own­

operations/working­with­others­on­human­rights/). More on our commitment to

achieving positive impacts in our supply chain are in Inclusive business (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/creating­and­sharing­wealth/) and our

 Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­

report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Related links

Downloads

External links



Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/)



Responsible
Sourcing Policy
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­
sourcing­policy­
interactive­
final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)



Grocery
Manufacturers
Association
(GMA)
(http://www.gmaonline



AIM­
PROGRESS

(http://www.aim­
progress.com/)



Consumer
Goods Forum
(http://www.theconsum



Working with
others on
human rights
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
in­our­own­
operations/working­
with­others­on­
human­rights/)



Inclusive
business
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­
business/creating­
and­sharing­
wealth/)











Responsible
Sourcing Policy
Audit
Requirements
PDF | 249KB
(/Images/current­
unilever­audit­
requirements_tcm244
520095_en.pdf)

URSA 2.0 ­
Final Checklist
v2.1
XLSX | 2MB
(/Images/ursa­
2.0­­­final­
checklist­
v2.2_tcm244­
523681_1_en.xlsx)

Unilever Human
Rights 2018
Supplier Audit
Update
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/unilever­
human­rights­
2018­supplier­
audit­
update_tcm244­
529375_en.pdf)

Responsible
Business
Partner Policy
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/responsible­
business­
partner­policy­
may­
2017_tcm244­
504807_en.pdf)

Unilever
Sustainable
Agriculture
Code 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­
agriculture­
code­­sac­­
­2017_tcm244­
515371_1_en.pdf)





Unilever
Sustainable
Palm Oil
Sourcing Policy
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/responsible­
sourcing­policy­
interactive­
final_tcm244­
504736_en.pdf)

Sustainable
Paper and
Board
Packaging
Policy 2018
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/unilever­
paper­and­
board­
packaging­
policy­
2018_tcm244­
529491_en.pdf)



Human Rights
Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Understanding our human rights impacts
To make sure we’re respecting – and advancing – the human rights of

everyone in our value chain, we need to be sure we understand our

impacts.

Addressing endemic human rights issues & their
root causes
We know that human rights abuses exist in the sectors and markets in which we

operate – and at times, in our own value chain. These abuses are unacceptable. We’re

committed to respecting human rights, which means we need to understand the issues

and where they occur.

The salient issues for our business

In our inaugural  Human Rights Report (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­human­

rights­report­2015_tcm244­437226_en.pdf) in 2015, we explained how, and why, we

identified our eight most salient human rights issues ­ those human rights at risk of the

most severe negative impacts to right­holders through our activities or business

relationships. Identifying our salient issues has helped us prioritise how we address

human rights impacts across our operations and extended supply chain. We reported

our progress in our second  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­

rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf), published in December 2017.

In this section, we report some of the highlights of our progress on these issues in

2018. See  Human Rights 2018 Supplier Audit Update (PDF | 4MB)

(/Images/unilever­human­rights­2018­supplier­audit­update_tcm244­529370_en.pdf)

for an analysis of the latest findings from our supplier audits.



Keeping our salient issues under review

As well as addressing the salient issues we've identified, we know we need to

keep working to make sure they are still relevant. We recognise that rights­

holder engagement is an on going process, and we want to increase our direct

engagement with stakeholders in addition to engaging with credible

representatives.

 
In 2018, we started a review of our salient human rights issues, carrying out

internal and external consultations with rights­holders and their representatives.

In 2018, we held an initial consultation in London which we are following up with

regional consultations. Our first regional consultation was held in Kenya with a

wider Africa focus. In 2019 we are continuing with consultations in Asia, the

Americas and Europe.

Our progress in 2018
What difference have we made in 2018 ­ and why does it matter? In this video, leaders

in our business describe 2018 as a year of collaboration and driving impact at scale

and describe highlights of our progress ­ and the challenges we continue to face. In

addition, a series of videos from our leaders cover each of our eight salient human

rights issues.

Unilever’s Human Rights Progress Highlights
Unilever’s Human Rights Progress Highlights

Action on discrimination: highlights in 2018
Our longstanding work to tackle discrimination in

the workplace is embedded in our Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan and described in

Advancing diversity and inclusion (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­

women/advancing­diversity­and­inclusion/) and

Fair compensation (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/fair­

compensation/). It is also an important focus in

1

Discrimination

Promoting safety for women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­

for­women/promoting­safety­for­women/).

As part of our work on this issue, in 2018 we:

introduced a Global Paternity Leave Standard, enabling fathers to take three weeks

of paternity leave; global roll­out will be complete in 2019

announced our ambition to be No.1 employer of choice for people with disabilities,

and set a target to reach 5% disability inclusion in our global workforce by 2025.

We've launched pilots in ten countries, and we track our progress against a

scorecard of ten criteria based on Business Disability Forum’s Disability Standard

signed the United Nations Standards of Conduct for Business: Tackling

Discrimination against Lesbian, Gay, Bi, Trans & Intersex people, which sets out

actions companies can take to protect the rights of LGBTI individuals.  

Action on fair wages: highlights in 2018
Fair wages are the bedrock of a truly responsible

and sustainable business. In 2014 we created a

Framework for Fair Compensation for all our direct

employees which included our commitment to be a

living wage employer. Our approach and progress

are described in Fair compensation (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/fair­compensation/).

As part of our commitment to fair wages, in 2018:

2

Fair

wages

across our total employee population, we reduced the number of employees being

paid less than a living wage to 611 people in 16 countries. This is down from 7,252

across 37 countries in 2017. We’re working with our HR teams to ensure that all

our businesses comply with all five principles of our Framework by 2020

we worked with our tea suppliers in Malawi, helping them to improve quality and

become more competitive, with the aim of ensuring that higher prices result in

higher wages via an externally auditable and measurable mechanism.

Action on forced labour: highlights in 2018
As the nature of employment around the world

continues to change, with borderless labour,

increasing focus on flexibility and the gig economy

­ the rights of workers are increasingly at risk,

including through modern slavery and forced

labour.

Temporary workers, for example, can be subject to

differing labour conditions and compensation,

particularly if recruited through labour agencies.

3

Forced

labour

We have identified temporary labour as an area of focus both in our own operations

and our extended supply chain, and addressing labour rights is core to our work in

implementing our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­and­

business­partners/our­responsible­sourcing­policy­in­action/). A key element of our

work is our commitment to the “Employer Pays Principle” that no worker should pay for

a job.

As part of this ongoing work, in 2018 we:

rolled out our Policy and process for the Sustainable Employment of Temporary

Workers; it sets out 10 Golden Standards, which are guiding principles that include

fair and equal treatment, gender equality, diversity and freedom of association

worked to develop the right level of oversight of our third­party labour agencies and

brokers, checking that they are compliant with our Responsible Sourcing Policy and

continued work on improving the vetting process

reviewed our country risk rating for our suppliers, classifying more countries as

higher risk; this results in additional onsite audits.

expanded our cross­industry supplier capacity building, including in China, and

worked with organisations including the International Labour Organization,

International Organization for Migration, Leadership Group for Ethical Recruitment

and the Consumer Goods Forum to promote best practices.

worked with governments including the Argentinian Government as President of the

G20 and B20, and the United Kingdom Government through their Human Rights

Advisory Group, Business Against Slavery Working Group and others. This means

that we help support change at scale across countries and industries, rather than

just our own extended supply chain.  



Eradicating forced labour & human trafficking

We identified forced labour and human trafficking as a salient issue for our

business in 2014. Since then, we’ve included guidelines on preventing forced

labour and human trafficking in our policy framework, including in our Human

Rights Policy Statement, our Code of Business Principles, our Code’s Respect,

Dignity and Fair Treatment Policy, our Responsible Sourcing Policy and our

Responsible Business Partner Policy.

Following the publication of our first Modern Slavery Statement (PDF | 2MB) in

January 2017, we published an updated  Statement (PDF | 2MB)

(/Images/unilever­slavery­and­human­trafficking­statement­2018_tcm244­

521391_en.pdf) in April 2018. The Statement covers Unilever PLC and Unilever

N.V. and their group companies, with reporting companies proceeding with their

own board approvals according to the Act. We share our progress in yearly

update statements.

Collaboration is an essential part of eradicating forced labour from supply chains. As

well as working with suppliers, we work with industry groups including the Consumer

Goods Forum.  

“When it comes to eradicating forced labour, there’s no time to
waste."

Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer and member of the Unilever

Leadership Executive.

“All over the world, victims of forced labour are coerced or deceived into jobs

which they cannot leave. Forced labour can take many forms, but each time

someone is working or providing a service against their freedom of choice and

cannot leave without penalty or the threat of penalty, it’s forced labour.

We've strengthened our efforts to eradicate forced labour through a number of

activities, in our own business and through collaboration with others. Our

 Modern Slavery Statement (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/unilever­slavery­and­human­

trafficking­statement­2018_tcm244­521391_en.pdf) explains the steps we’ve

taken to prevent, detect and respond to slavery, human trafficking and forced

labour throughout our business and extended supply chain. We’ve defined a

roadmap to strengthen our efforts and we’re supporting it through training

programmes to build capacity. It’s a fundamental principle of our Responsible

Sourcing Policy that work is conducted on a voluntary basis.

At the same time, we realise that it will take a collaborative approach to eradicate

forced labour from global supply chains. We’re a member of the Consumer Goods

Forum (CGF), which is helping to drive work in this area, including advocacy and

capacity building. In December 2016, we supported the CGF’s three  Priority

Industry Principles (https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/social­

sustainability/key­projects/priority­industry­principles/). These were produced to

help prioritise action on the primary drivers of forced labour within the consumer

goods industry and beyond.

We’re also working with our suppliers: over 2016–2017, around 1,000 suppliers

were trained in Turkey, Dubai, India, Bangkok and Malaysia on eradicating forced

labour and responsible management of migrant labour, including those in our

extended supply chain.”

For more details, see Working with others on human rights (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­

our­own­operations/working­with­others­on­human­rights/).

Supporting freedom of association: highlights in
2018
Our longstanding commitment to Freedom of

Association and our work with trade unions,

including through our joint working groups, is

described in Working with others on human rights

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­

in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­our­

own­operations/).

As part of this work, in 2018 we: 

4

Freedom

of

association

signed a joint memorandum of understanding

( MOU (http://www.iuf.org/w/sites/default/files/Signed%20Unilever%20MOU.pdf))

between Unilever, the IUF and IndustriALL Global Union, recognising the IUF and

IndustriALL Global Union as the internationally representative bodies of unionised

workers within our worldwide operations. The MOU underlines our commitment to

ensure that throughout our worldwide operations workers can freely exercise their

internationally recognised rights and in particular their rights to union membership

and collective bargaining without fear of retaliation, repression or any other form of

discrimination. We also recognise our obligation to act to ensure that these rights

are similarly respected in our extended supply chain

created a new Guidance Document to accompany our Responsible Sourcing Policy

specifically designed to address working conditions in the trucking industry.

Spotlight

Tackling working conditions in the trucking industry

Our business relies on logistics operators to keep our supply of raw materials

moving and to provide vital links between our factories and our customers. But

we know that by its nature, the trucking industry can be a challenging sector in

which to implement responsible sourcing policies.

That's why we've worked with the Transport Workers Federation (ITF) to

address poor working conditions in transportation. Our new Guidance

Document, aimed specifically at transporters was piloted in 2018. It builds on

the principles of our Responsible Sourcing Policy and uses the OECD Due

Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct as its Framework.

We also introduced a new pre­tender questionnaire for trucking suppliers so

that we could gain better insights into conditions. Beginning in Europe, we're

piloting the new approach while engaging with others, including industry

colleagues. We aim to learn from the pilot before rolling out the approach to

improve conditions within the trucking sector more widely.

Action on harassment: highlights in 2018
Unilever will not tolerate harassment in any form,

and our approach to this issue is described in

Promoting safety for women (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­

women/promoting­safety­for­women/).

As part of our ongoing work, in 2018 we:

worked with UN Women to develop  A Global

Women’s Safety Framework in Rural Spaces

(PDF | 7MB) (/Images/a­global­womens­safety­

framework­in­rural­spaces_tcm244­

529405_1_en.pdf), building on the experience

of programmes in our own tea plantations and

those of our suppliers. We launched this on 10

December 2018. In 2019 we are publishing

detailed implementation guidance and

launching the Framework in our operations and

with our suppliers. You can hear more about

this here

5

Harassment

2,282

Women trained in

entrepreneurship

skills on tea

plantations in Kenya

carried out a progress review with UN Women of our safety programme in our tea

plantations in Tanzania. The objective of the review was to identify opportunities for

strengthening the safety programme and extending it to the smallholder farmers

and the community in which the business operates. The programme targets 6,000

plantation workers and their children and 1,000 women smallholder farmers with

training on how to address and report all forms of violence, including gender­based

violence and sexual harassment 

trained 2,282 women in Kenya on financial opportunities; establishing small

businesses such as sorghum planting or bakeries helps to reduce the risk factor of

financial dependence associated with gender­based violence. Working with UN

Women we addressed social norms and attitudes and strengthening self­help

groups

held consultation and feedback meetings with women tea workers and growers in

Assam, India.  



Zero tolerance

Zero tolerance of any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment, is

embedded in the policies that govern our operations and value chains. These

include our Code of Business Principles (PDF | 5MB), our Respect, Dignity and

Fair Treatment Code Policy, our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB) and

our Responsible Business Partner Policy (PDF | 3MB).

Action on health & safety: highlights in 2018
Safety is a non­negotiable commitment, shared by

everyone at Unilever. Our approach and

performance are described in detail in Building a

safer business (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­

safer­business/). We also work to improve

Employee health (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­

employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/),

nutrition and well­being (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

6

Health

&

safety

workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/our­employee­health­

programme/).

As part of our work in 2018, we:

continued to reduce our accident rate, as

measured by Total Recordable Frequency Rate

(TRFR)

achieved a marked improvement in process

safety, reducing incidents by 39.5% 

improved our construction safety accident rate

(from 0.82 to 0.73 as measured by Total

39.5%

Improvement in

process safety in 2018

Recordable Frequency Rate TRFR), reducing project contractors’ lost­time injuries

from 0.33 to 0.31 per million hours worked (measured by Lost Time Injuries

Frequency Rate LTIFR), and recruited a senior construction safety professional to

lead our global effort

continued to focus on safe driving by identifying risky behaviour and providing

training whilst listening to our drivers on key safety issues

continued to work with suppliers to improve health and safety, which remains the

biggest non­conformance with our Responsible Sourcing Policy identified by

 
supplier audits; this included issuing guidance for our suppliers to help them create

effective Health and Safety Committees, which enable workers to raise concerns

and give their views on improvements needed.  

Action on respect for land rights: highlights in
2018
Land is the basis of millions of people’s livelihoods.

Legal or customary rights to land protect those

livelihoods and provide a platform on which many

forms of sustainable development can be built.

That makes it vital that we are aware of the impact

that our business can have.

As part of our work on this issue in 2018, we:

7

Land

rights

began operationalising our Global Land Rights

Principles and Implementation Guidance, starting in our own operations, and held

awareness raising and capacity­building webinars to support their use.  

We put our Land Rights Principles into action in Rwanda, where Unilever successfully

bid for a Rwandan Government concession to set up a tea processing factory and

commercial tea estates that will support extensive smallholder tea development in

South West Rwanda. This project will transform one of the poorest areas of Rwanda

by creating around 1,000 jobs and providing financial and agricultural support to

smallholder farmers, who will provide 70% of the tea produced.

The land for the core estate and factory site is leased by Unilever and was

expropriated by the Government for the project. As a condition of the bid, we required

that land acquisition and resettlement would be implemented in line with International

Finance Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards, in particular Performance

Standard 1: Assessment and Management of Environmental and Social Risks, and

Impacts and Performance Standard 5: Land Acquisition and Involuntary Resettlement.

We worked closely with the Government during their expropriation process. We used

external experts to independently verify that the Resettlement Action Plan (including

the Livelihoods Restoration Plan and Grievance Mechanism) properly ensured that

potentially affected persons and communities were identified and engaged. This

included a risk­mapping plan and a socio­economic survey focusing on vulnerable

groups to ensure that no one in local communities is left worse off by the project. New

model villages with infrastructure were constructed by the Government, together with

livelihood support programmes. Unilever gives priority for employment to people

affected by the project. Due diligence around this work is ongoing and we’ve put in

place a local Unilever Welfare Manager to work with communities and local authorities.



Land rights

Land rights are a salient issue for all aspects of our business, including

operational considerations such as the siting of factories or offices. But it is our

extended supply chain that gives rise to the most opportunity to have a positive

impact in this area, as well as the most risk.

Respect for land rights is part of our overall policy framework: it is one of the 12

Fundamental Principles of our Responsible Sourcing Policy and one of the

commitments in our Responsible Business Partner Policy.

In 2017, we created Land Rights Principles and Implementation Guidance.

Beginning with our own operations, we’re using awareness­raising and capacity­

building materials to roll out these Principles and Guidance

Working hours: highlights in 2018
Excessive working hours and inadequate periods

of rest can damage workers' health and increase

the risk of accidents. In many parts of the world,

there is a significant link between low wages and

excessive working time.

Some of our work in this area is described in

Building a safer business (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/building­a­safer­business/), and

8

Working

hours

Improving employee health (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/our­employee­health­

programme/), nutrition and well­being (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­

being/). And we know that working hours continues to be one of the most challenging

areas of our Responsible Sourcing Policy for our suppliers to address.

In 2018, we:

continued to work with suppliers to address both excessive working hours and their

root causes, for example low pay

helped suppliers improve production processes, including through planning,

employing additional workers, and changing shift patterns including new rotation

systems.



How we’re embedding human rights

Our Integrated Social Sustainability Team is responsible for setting and

implementing our human rights strategy and advocacy across Unilever.

Led by Marcela Manubens as Global Vice President, our team now has

members in each Unilever regional cluster of countries. They support the

implementation of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) Fairness in the

Workplace ambitions, including the implementation of the UN Guiding Principles

on Business and Human Rights, our Responsible Sourcing Policy and

Programme, and address the endemic business and human rights issues often

found in global value chains.

Human rights at the heart of our RSP
Our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) embodies our commitment to conduct

business with integrity, openness and respect for universal human rights and core

labour principles. It sets mandatory requirements on human and labour rights for

suppliers who have a business relationship with Unilever ­ based on 12 Fundamental

Principles that are closely aligned with our salient human rights issues.

Read more about how our RSP is helping us in Advancing human rights with suppliers

and business partners. (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/)

Ensuring that grievance mechanisms are
effective, trusted & used
Alongside worker representation, effective grievance mechanisms play an important

part in hearing the voices of workers in our business and throughout our supply chain.

This is the third element of the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy

Framework and remains a vital focus of our work.

Grievance mechanisms open channels for dialogue, problem solving and investigation,

and, when appropriate, providing remedy. We use grievance mechanisms to help us

identify wider trends, so we can develop country­specific solutions and pre­emptive

actions to prevent negative impacts. Safeguarding the rights of everyone to raise a

concern or grievance is vitally important and we will not accept any type of retaliation.

More information on our grievance mechanisms can be found in Advancing human

rights in our own operations (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­our­own­operations/), Advancing human rights

with our suppliers & business partners (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­and­

business­partners/) and our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP (PDF | 9MB)

(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf) )

(PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­

504736_en.pdf).

Willing to listen, learn & improve
We welcome stakeholders who contact us with their concerns and aim to be open in

our response. We realise that in running a business of the size and scale of Unilever,

we will not always get things right. We want to hear from people who have concerns,

learn from our mistakes and make improvements that help us make a positive social

impact.

It is an approach that is embedded in our business values – Our Code of Business

Principles commits us to running our operations with honesty, integrity and openness.

We aim always to investigate, understand and discuss any issues of concern and

respond. Given our size and the long reach of our supply chain, some of the issues

people raise are complex. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t address them – but where

issues are systemic or endemic, we don’t claim to have all the answers, and often we

need to work with others to resolve them.

We discuss some of the issues that stakeholders have raised with us on our website in

What matters to you (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/). These include

stakeholders’ concerns about a breach of our environmental operating guidelines at

our former thermometer factory at Kodaikanal, India and over safety for women in our

tea plantations in Kericho, Kenya.  Our work to advance human rights in Kericho is

also discussed in our Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­

rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Working with the OECD to resolve issues
We support the  OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

(http://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/mne/oecdguidelinesformultinationalenterprises.htm),

which provide voluntary principles and standards for responsible business conduct in a

variety of areas, including employment and industrial relations. The Guidelines take

the form of recommendations addressed by governments to multinational enterprises.



The OECD’s conciliation process

OECD National Contact Points seek to resolve issues through amicable

discussion to the satisfaction of all parties involved – a process the OECD

describes as conciliation.

If conciliation fails, complaints are referred to the second stage in the process –

mediation – in which an independent facilitator takes a more formal role in

brokering an agreement.

Should this also fail, the national contact point issues a statement or makes a

recommendation. Inherent in the OECD process is an investigation of the facts

in order to validate the substance of the complaint.

Between 2006 and 2009, four complaints were brought to Unilever’s attention by the

International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tobacco and

Allied Workers’ Associations (IUF), all relating to our operations in India and Pakistan.

These complaints concerned site closure (Sewri factory, India), freedom of association

and collective bargaining (Doom Dooma, India), and the use of temporary and

contracted labour at our factories in Pakistan (Rahim Yar Khan and Khanewal). A

further complaint was submitted by the Turkish transport union TUMTIS in 2008.

The unions referred their complaints to the OECD’s National Contact Points in the UK

and Turkey for investigation. Each of these cases was resolved. Since these cases we

have we have implemented a range of actions across our business, including the

development of guidelines and training, a review of our use of contract labour, and

more dialogue with our stakeholders.

Human Rights videos

10/12/2018



Nihal Temur on
discrimination

10/12/2018



Peter Newhouse
on fair wages

(//www.youtube.com/w
atch?v=0vXdGEfTaBE)

(//www.youtube.com/w
atch?v=CLgfJSVmGr4)

10/12/2018

10/12/2018



Antoinette Irvine
on forced labour

(//www.youtube.com/w
atch?v=7jhl7KgYjH4)



Javier Huerta on
freedom of
association

(//www.youtube.com/w
atch?
v=qGbO_l_xHOw)

Related links

Downloads

External links







Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/)

Advancing
human rights in
our own
operations
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
in­our­own­
operations/)

Working with
others on
human rights
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
in­our­own­
operations/working­
with­others­on­
human­rights/)



Business
integrity
(/about/who­we­
are/our­values­
and­
principles/business­
integrity/)









Unilever Human
Rights Report
2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

Unilever Human
Rights Report
2015
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­
human­rights­
report­
2015_tcm244­
437226_en.pdf)

Unilever’s
Human Rights
Policy
Statement (PDF
| 604KB)
PDF | 609KB
(/Images/unilever­
human­rights­
policy­
statement_tcm244­
422954_en.pdf)

Modern Slavery
Statement 2018
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/unilever­
slavery­and­
human­
trafficking­
statement­
2018_tcm244­
521391_en.pdf)







ILO Working
Conditions
Laws Report
2012 (PDF |
5MB)
(http://www.ilo.org/wcm
­­ed_protect/­­­
protrav/­­­
travail/documents/pub

International
Labour
Organization
Conventions on
Freedom of
Association and
Collective
Bargaining
(http://www.ilo.org/dec
­en/index.htm)

International
Labour
Organization
Conventions on
Working Time
(http://ilo.org/global/st
covered­by­
international­
labour­
standards/working­
time/lang­­
en/index.htm)



International
Labour
Organization
Convention on
Minimum Age
(http://www.ilo.org/dyn
p=1000:12100:0::NO:



Code of
Business
Principles and
Code Policies
(PDF | 5MB)
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/code­
of­business­
principles­and­
code­
policies_tcm244­
409220_en.pdf)











International
Labour
Organization
Conventions on
Worst Forms of
Child Labour
(http://www.ilo.org/dyn
p=NORMLEXPUB:12

International
Labour
Organization
Convention on
Forced Labour
(http://ilo.org/global/st
covered­by­
international­
labour­
standards/forced­
labour/lang­­
en/index.htm)

International
Labour
Organization
Convention on
Abolition of
Forced Labour
(http://www.ilo.org/dyn
p=1000:12100:0::NO:

International
Labour
Organization
Convention on
Equal
Remuneration
(http://www.ilo.org/dyn
p=NORMLEXPUB:12

International
Labour
Organization
Convention on
Discrimination
(Employment
and
Occupation)
(http://www.ilo.org/dyn
p=NORMLEXPUB:12



Business
Principles for
Countering

Bribery
(http://www.transparen



Previous

Advancing human rights with suppliers & business partners

Next 

Fair compensation

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Fair compensation
A skilled, motivated and engaged workforce is essential to achieving our

growth ambition. Fair compensation is an important factor in achieving this.

Our Framework for Fair Compensation

If economic growth is to be inclusive and sustainable, workers need to receive fair

compensation. Not only is this core to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals,

it’s vital to our ongoing success as a responsible, sustainable business.

As part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), in 2014 we set ourselves the

target of creating a structured way to define and assess how the elements of our

compensation packages deliver fair compensation for our employees. The result was

our Framework for Fair Compensation, which we finalised in 2015 and rolled out

across our business in 2016. See Targets & performance (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/).



The principles of our Framework for Fair Compensation

Five principles underpin our  Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF |

449KB) (/Images/unilever­framework­for­fair­compensation­2015­final_tcm244­

502647_en.pdf):

1. Fair and liveable compensation

2. Market­based compensation

3. No discrimination in compensation

4. Performance­focused compensation providing alignment to our business

5. Open and explainable compensation.

We aim to achieve full compliance with these principles, by all our businesses

across the world, by 2020.

For each principle, our Framework outlines how we should deliver fair

compensation by listing a number of standards. We require each country

business to report its status against the standards of our Framework each year,

and where appropriate, country reports must include a remediation plan to

rectify any issues of concern as soon as possible. This is how we make sure

that if any country is falling short of our principles, we can take swift action to put

a plan in place to rectify the situation.

A Living Wage for all employees
At the heart of our Framework is the principle of a 'living wage' – that is, one that gives

our employees enough to "provide for their family's basic needs, for food, housing,

education and healthcare as well as some discretionary income."

While what we pay employees in any country is generally based on that country's

‘market’ for similar jobs (that is, defined by objective analysis of independent pay

market surveys), applying the living wage principle means that our lowest­paid

employees should always receive pay that is fair and liveable. We audit compliance

against this principle to ensure it is upheld.

We have worked closely with the  Fair Wage Network (FWN) (http://fair­wage.com/),

an independent NGO which works to promote better wage practices. FWN have

helped us develop our understanding of living wages, how many of our existing

compensation arrangements deliver fair wages and how they fit in to our overall

Framework for Fair Compensation. Since 2015, FWN have provided us with access to

their global Living Wage database. This gives us an objective external source of the

living wage amount for each of the countries (109) where we have employees.

While some of the national benchmarks need further development, we’re using this

database to assess whether the current fixed compensation paid to all our lowest pay

grade full­time employees (including factory and non­factory employees) in each

country is meeting our living wage standard. This standard means employees receive,

at the very minimum, fixed and guaranteed levels of earnings that are above their

country’s living wage benchmark.

Checking our principles are upheld
By auditing for compliance against our Framework we can check that:

fixed compensation is achievable without the need to work an excessive number of

hours

our country payroll processes deliver employees’ full pay correctly and on time,

every time

we have no issues of unequal pay between genders.

In 2017 our checks revealed that 7,252 employees from 37 countries were receiving

less than the living wage for their country, down from 9,987 across 34 countries in

2016. This is against an employee population of 161,000 in 2017. Remediation plans

were put in place to increase pay for these employees so that they gain sufficient

guaranteed fixed earnings to be above the living wage. See our  Human Rights

Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­

513973_en.pdf) for more detail.

Spotlight

Promoting a Living Wage in the UK

We are a founding member of Mercer’s Responsible Employer Forum, which

aims to raise industry awareness on fair wage issues and share best practice

on how multinational organisations can implement fairness in the workplace

initiatives.

In the UK, Unilever became an accredited Living Wage employer in 2015. This

is awarded by the  Living Wage Foundation

(http://www.livingwagemovement.org/), a national charity that promotes the

Living Wage. We believe that using this accreditation will help to raise the

profile of the issue.

Putting fair compensation in place in Vietnam
Working with others has helped shape our Framework. For example,  Oxfam’s 2013

report, Labour Rights in Unilever’s Supply Chain (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/rr­unilever­

supply­chain­labour­rights­vietnam­310113­en_tcm244­409769_en.pdf), highlighted a

need to improve the compensation arrangements for the lowest level workers at our

Vietnam factory. This was more than just the actual pay amounts and included

ensuring the workers understood how their pay was set, what it covered, what benefits

were available and clarifying whether they were direct employees or contractors.

The publication coincided with the launch of our global HR for Factories project to

introduce consistent practices to how our factory employees are developed and

importantly, how they are rewarded. This provided our Vietnamese leadership team

with a template to identify how to make the necessary changes needed to address the

issues highlighted by Oxfam.

Oxfam’s follow­up report was released in 2016.  Labour Rights in Vietnam –

Unilever’s Progress and Systemic Challenges (http://policy­

practice.oxfam.org.uk/publications/labour­rights­in­vietnam­unilevers­progress­and­

systemic­challenges­614926) acknowledges the significant improvements made. See

Working with others on Human Rights (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­our­own­

operations/working­with­others­on­human­rights/) for more.

Sharing our principles with suppliers & partners
Through our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/slp­unilever­

responsible­sourcing­policy­2014_tcm244­409819_en.pdf) (RSP), we also aim to

extend the concepts of the Framework to the many organisations that supply our

business with materials, services or contingent labour. Similarly, our  Responsible

Business Partner Policy (PDF | 3MB) (/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­

may­2017_tcm244­504807_en.pdf) sets out the employment terms we expect our

network of distributors and sales agents to adopt.

Ensuring that fair wages are paid throughout our value chain remains a challenge,

particularly as the cost of living rises. We are continuing to raise awareness of this

issue with our suppliers and partners. When it comes to our RSP, we are focusing our

conversations initially with our providers of temporary labour.

Over 2015–2016, audits of our RSP’s fundamental principle 6 (“All workers are paid

fair wages”) showed 2,039 non­conformances. The majority of these were attributed to

four factors: the lack of fair and equal wages for all workers; local legal requirements

not being respected; payments to workers not being transparent; and records not

maintained consistently.

A good example of the improvement audits can trigger is provided by one of our

Turkish suppliers. The audit revealed inconsistencies between time records and

production records, which meant normal and overtime working hours and payments

could not be verified. To fix this, the supplier organised extra training for staff on

correct procedures, ensuring better management oversight and control. This non­

conformance was resolved and verified in a follow­up audit which confirmed that back­

pay had been paid to the workers.

For more detail of our approach, see our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB)

(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Spotlight

Better pay for tea sector workers

While our employees in our own tea plantations are paid above a living wage,

often progress on compensation in our extended tea supply chain can only be

made through collaboration with others – collaboration that seeks to improve

wages while ensuring the market remains competitive and respects anti­trust

rules. We have significant influence in some of our own supply chains and can

use our policies to catalyse change.

One example of this is in Malawi, where we are members of the Malawi Tea

2020 Coalition, which is aiming to revitalise the country’s tea sector. In its first

year, the Coalition helped to bring about a 20% rise in tea sector wages

following the first­ever collective bargaining agreement between the tea

industry and the Plantation Union.

While there is much more to do, and Malawi’s inflation rate threatens to erode

pay increases in real terms, this is a significant step forward in a country where

average wages in the rural economy are significantly below living wage levels.

See our sustainable tea (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­tea­leading­the­industry/) section and

our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­

progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) for more detail.

See No discrimination in pay (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/fair­compensation/no­discrimination­in­compensation/) for details of how

we’re progressing the third principle of our Fair Compensation Framework.

Related links

Downloads



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)



Opportunities for women
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)



Framework for Fair
Compensation
PDF | 449KB
(/Images/unilever­framework­
for­fair­compensation­2015­
final_tcm244­502647_en.pdf)



Human Rights Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­rights­
progress­report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)



Previous

Understanding our human rights impacts

Next 

Improving employee health, nutrition & well­being


Fairness
in
the
workplace

No discrimination in compensation
Avoiding a gender bias in pay is central to our ambition for fair

compensation.

Discrimination of all kinds holds back individuals and our business – and it has no

place in the culture we want to create in Unilever.



Equal pay for equal work

We have a longstanding commitment to equal pay for equal work, which is one

of five principles of our  Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF | 449KB)

(/Images/unilever­framework­for­fair­compensation­2015­final_tcm244­

502647_en.pdf).

It’s a key part of our commitment to developing an inclusive culture and

respecting the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race,

disability or sexual orientation.

Our compensation structures are intended to be gender neutral, with any pay

differences between employees in similar jobs fairly reflecting levels of individual

performance and skill.

We review our pay structures in each country annually as part of our Framework’s

compliance process. If our analysis indicates any average pay differences between

genders at a country or grade level (a ‘gender pay gap’), we will support and identify

opportunities to address gaps via our diversity and inclusion initiatives. This will help

us achieve our ambition for our Framework for Fair Compensation to support full equal

opportunities for all.

We also cascade the principles of our Framework to our suppliers through our

 Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/slp­unilever­responsible­

sourcing­policy­2014_tcm244­409819_en.pdf). Its Fundamental Principle 3 requires

that “all workers are treated equally and with respect and dignity”, which includes

compensation. See Advancing human rights with our suppliers & business partners

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­

rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/). Our  Responsible Business Partner

Policy (PDF | 3MB) (/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­

504807_en.pdf) sets out the employment terms we expect our network of distributors

and sales agents to adopt, including no discrimination.

Looking out for gender pay gaps



What is the gender pay gap?

The gender pay gap is the average difference in pay between men and women,

measured at a company level within a country. It’s explained through various

statistics and is influenced by a range of factors, including the demographics of

a company’s workforce.

Our analysis of the average pay gap between women and men – at a country level and

at job grade level – helps us identify any areas of gender representation imbalance,

such as in the types of jobs held by women compared to men. We use this information

for targeted interventions to create more balanced gender representation wherever

possible.

Explaining gender pay gaps: the importance of
demographics
Our analysis on gender pay gap highlights a broad trend: a lower pay gap in those

countries with a larger female Unilever workforce. How balanced the workforce is at

each work level also has a significant impact on average pay differences. Average

gender pay gap analysis therefore needs to be viewed in the context of a country’s

workforce gender demographics.

When we look at our worldwide business as a whole, in countries with more than 250

employees, the average female pay was 25% higher than male pay in 2017. This is

largely due to demographics, with female employees often being in higher­paying,

white­collar roles. While there are often more men than women in these higher­paying

roles, the average male pay is often reduced by high numbers of men in lower­paying,

blue­collar roles.

For example, Singapore had 63% female managers in 2017 and a relatively solid

gender progression upwards. However, the average female pay was lower than the

male average because there are proportionately more males in director roles or above.

This demographic raises the overall male average pay above the average for females.

By contrast, Pakistan had only 1% female employees at blue­collar level. More women

are in senior roles and the large male blue­collar population reduces the average male

pay compared to average female pay.

As is the case in most businesses, we have historically seen proportionately more men

progress to senior job levels compared to women, both at global corporate level and at

individual country level. At the global corporate level, our average pay gap between

genders at our executive (most senior) level was 9.3% in 2017. This is lower than in

previous years, and primarily a result of our two highest­paid roles (Chief Executive

Officer and Chief Financial Officer) being held by men. Length of service also

contributes to the pay gap, with men typically serving longer.

Similar analysis across our management levels shows the average pay gap between

genders is less than 3.8%. Our analysis at factory level for 2017 showed no significant

differences in gender pay within equal roles.

Spotlight

UK gender pay gap

In December 2017, we published our  gender pay gap results for our UK

business (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­gender­pay­report­2017­final_tcm244­

514178_en.pdf), in line with the UK Government’s new Gender Pay Gap

regulations.

Unilever UK’s overall results are broadly balanced: the median hourly pay for

women is 2.2% more than men. This compares favourably to UK median hourly

pay where women earn 18.4% less than men.

These results reflect our UK­based workforce, in which women hold just over

half of all management positions (up from 41.8% in 2010) and there are a large

number of men who work in non­managerial factory roles.

The difference between gender pay gap & equal pay

Louise Sutton, Global Equity & Reward Manager in our HR function, explains

gender pay gap is not a measure of equal pay.

“Gender pay gap is high­level diversity indicator of whether a company has a

gender­balanced workforce. To understand this we believe it’s useful to have clear

definitions of equal pay and gender pay gap.

Equal pay is about ensuring there is no pay difference between genders doing the

same job. Gender pay gap is the average pay difference between genders at a

company level within a country.

Just because a gender pay gap exists at a company level, it does not mean that

female employees are paid less than male employees at a grade or individual job

level. The gender pay gap simply shows that the company average pay is

different between the genders.

Even if a company has a rigorously applied equal pay reward practice, there

could be a company level gender pay gap showing the average female salary is

lower than the average male. This could be due to gender demographics.”

Advocating equal pay for women
We believe that reducing the average pay gap across society between men and

women is a crucial part of fair compensation.

On Women’s Equality Day in August 2016, we joined 29 companies in signing the

White House Equal Pay Pledge. For our US business, this pledge means we will

conduct an annual gender pay analysis, review hiring and promotion processes and

procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers and embed equal pay.

These measures reaffirm our

commitment to the advancement of

women’s economic inclusion as a

business priority – see Opportunities

for Women (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)

for more details.

“

Unilever continues to be

vocal about the equality

of women in the

workplace. By signing

the White House Equal

Pay Pledge, we remain

committed to reviewing

our policies and

ensuring Unilever is a

leader in providing

beneﬁts that empower

women at work.

”

Mike Clementi, our Vice

President of Human Resources,

Unilever North America

Related links

Downloads



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)



Opportunities for women
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)



Framework for Fair
Compensation
PDF | 449KB
(/Images/unilever­framework­
for­fair­compensation­2015­
final_tcm244­502647_en.pdf)



Human Rights Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­rights­
progress­report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Improving employee health, nutrition &
well-being
We protect and promote the health, nutrition and well­being of our

employees so that they can enjoy fit and healthy lives at work and at home.

Helping employees be the best they can be

We aim to support our employees to be the best they can be. This includes giving

them tools to promote, maintain and enhance their health so they can maximise their

fitness and, at the same time, improve their capacity to work safely and effectively.

This benefits the individual and our business.

Our global strategy for Medical and Occupational Health has two core elements:

health promotion – to promote, maintain and enhance the health of our employees,

maximising their wellness and enabling them to work safely and effectively.

Examples include our focus on tackling HIV/AIDs in Africa, and our company­wide

focus on physical and mental well­being

health protection – to protect our employees from work­related hazards to their

health, including in our manufacturing facilities, ergonomically or while travelling.

We bring our strategy to life through targeted health promotions and health protection

programmes, including our flagship Lamplighter programme and our global Well­being

Framework.

We take a holistic view of well-being
We’ve defined holistic well­being as a sustainable state of feeling good and functioning

well, as a ‘whole human’. Well­being unleashes the energy in our people to drive

sustainable performance. In 2014 our Global Well­being Steering Committee created a

four­pillar Well­being Framework to address the physical, mental, emotional and

purposeful well­being of our employees. The Framework guides us in tackling the

health risks we’ve identified across our business. The top three of these are:

mental health

lifestyle factors (for example, exercise, nutrition, smoking and obesity), and

ergonomic factors (for example, physical health issues such as repetitive strain

injury).

Our well­being strategy includes creating a working environment that is supportive of

employees’ personal lives, while meeting our business needs. One of the ways we do

this is through ‘agile working’. This means providing our colleagues with safe,

adaptable working practices and technology, allowing them to perform their job

anywhere, at any time, as long as the needs of the business are met. We offer more

formal flexible working arrangements, too, such as job­sharing and flexible or reduced

hours. Read more on agile working in Cutting office impacts (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­

positive­in­our­operations/reducing­office­impacts/).

Our strategy also includes planning to respond to pandemics, when taking care of our

employees’ health becomes even more crucial for protecting individuals and business

continuity alike.



Our programmes for addressing occupational ill­health include

the prevention of work­related illness and occupational diseases

ergonomics in the workplace

environmental health

protection from noise

enzyme­related surveillance, and

the delivery of occupational health for factory workers through our

Manufacturing Excellence programme.

The potential of purpose
We believe that people are better able to perform and unlock their potential when they

can live and work ‘with purpose’. Defining their individual purpose helps employees

see meaning in their work and home life and contributes to greater resilience and well­

being, enabling them to perform at their best. We also see purpose as a driver of an

‘owner’s mindset’ – where employees work with an entrepreneurial spirit and feel a

strong sense ownership. And we’ve found it builds empowerment and collaboration

within and between teams too.

According to research among consumer companies by executive search consultancy

Korn Ferry:

“

"Purpose-driven companies with humanistic values

outperformed the S&P 500 by 14 times over 15 years.

People with a positive, energizing purpose tend to be

focused, optimistic, and successful. Great purposes

inspire both people and organizations to do great

things.”

”

People on a Mission Report, Korn Ferry, December 2016

In 2017 we developed our People with Purpose initiative and workshop to bring this

potential to life.

“To build an organisation that creates sustainable value, we
need people with sustainable energy, engagement and
resilience.”

Tim Munden, Chief Learning Officer.

Tim continues: “Research continues to show that people whose purpose is

fulfilled by their work are more physically and emotionally resilient. They are also

more engaged and much more likely to stay. We need all the energy and

resilience we can to create transformational change through our business.

Helping our people discover their purpose is key to achieving this.”

Although 2017 was the first year of this initiative, around 10,000 employees have

already taken part in our Purpose workshops. They’ve been received with great

enthusiasm, with employees saying they found them hugely valuable, would

recommend them to other colleagues, and would use what they’ve learned in their

job.

As one workshop participant said: “This session was very useful in articulating

who you are as a person and what drives you. It’s by no means a piece of cake,

be prepared for a lot of deep reflection. It is challenging to uncover or arrive at key

“aha” points but once you get them – it’s quite rewarding.”

Well-being for new mothers
Ensuring that new parents receive

proper support is an important part of

improving employee well­being and

achieving our ambitions to be a

diverse and inclusive business. In

2017, we introduced our Global

Maternal Well­being Standard, which

among a range of principles makes

sure every new mother everywhere in

the business receives at least 16

weeks’ paid maternity leave. This has

resulted in an increase in maternity

leave in over half the countries where

we operate.

More details of the Standard and our

16

Our new

worldwide

standard is at

least 16

weeks’ paid

maternity

leave

Maternity and Paternity Support (MAPS) programme are in Advancing diversity and

inclusion (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­

women/advancing­diversity­and­inclusion/).

Evaluating the impact of our health & well-being
initiatives

Lamplighter is our worldwide programme for improving employee health. In 2017, it

covered 74 countries, reaching around 75,000 employees (see Targets & performance

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/)).

Programmes such as this have important short­ and long­term health and business

benefits. In the short term, we expect to see healthier, more motivated and more

productive employees, with lower levels of sick leave. We aim to have more

conversations about well­being and support our employees to work towards improving

their well­being. We see the long­term benefits as achieving a sustainable workforce

with long­lasting good health, happiness and purpose for our colleagues. And for our

business, we see lower healthcare costs, which in turn also contribute to reducing the

burden on public healthcare.

We evaluate the impact of our programmes by measuring health risk factors at country

level over a three­to­five­year period, giving us feedback on what needs to improve

and how we can provide bespoke interventions. We also measure the frequency of

work­related illness per million hours worked. We’ve developed an interactive self­

audit tool for our country teams to assess and monitor health data. This in turn helps

them make the right decisions for their business, in alignment with our global Well­

being Framework. The assessments also feed into our annual Global Health and Well­

being Awards.

Good health is good business
We’ve commissioned multi­year

studies to evaluate the return on

investment (ROI) of our health

programmes. These analyses

examined risk prevalence data across

ten lifestyle­related risk factors from

2008 to 2017. We also looked at data

around programme participation,

programme investments, and median

annual compensation – which we

used to determine productivity

1:2.44

Return on investment in

our Lamplighter

programmes

savings associated with changes in risk prevalence.

Our aggregated results show that for every €1 we spend on Lamplighter programmes,

we see a return of €2.44 – indicating that good health really is good for business.

Related links



Our employee health programme (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­
and­well­being/our­employee­health­programme/)



Tackling HIV/AIDS (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/tackling­hiv­

aids/)



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­
the­workplace/)



Previous

Fair compensation

Building a safer business

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019


Fairness
in
the
workplace

Our employee health programme
Lamplighter is our global programme for assessing and improving four

modifiable risk factors – physical health, exercise, nutrition and mental

resilience.

Lamplighter is a core part of our Well­being Framework as it provides structure and

guidance on how to develop strategic initiatives around physical and mental health.

This means each of our country businesses can provide support to our employees in

the most locally appropriate way, such as guidance on managing long­term health

conditions, diabetes, HIV or musculoskeletal concerns.

Specific goals for Lamplighter include:

ensuring that Lamplighter is in place in all countries with 100 or more employees,

which we aim to achieve by 2020

addressing local health risks and establishing local and national health

improvement plans with partnerships between occupational health and our human

resources and supply chain teams.



Independent recognition for Lamplighter

2015

Global Healthy Workplace Award for the large enterprise category, Brazil

2016

Global Multinational Healthy Workplace Award (global achievement)

People Investor Award, Russia

National Business Group on Health Award, North America

2017

BUPA–Business in the Community Well­being Award – UK & Ireland

Special Corporate Health Award in the category of Healthy Nutrition – Germany

HR Professional and Boussias Communications Workplace Wellbeing Award –

Greece 

Promoting mental well-being
There is increasing recognition of the

need for mental well­being. Its

importance to individuals and to

society as a whole cannot be

overlooked. According to the World

Health Organization , depression is

1

expected to be the leading disease

burden globally by 2030.

For the first time, world leaders are

recognizing the promotion of mental

health and well­being, and the

prevention and treatment of

substance abuse, as health priorities

within the global development

agenda. In 2015, mental health and

substance abuse was included in the

UN’s Sustainable Development

Agenda (within Sustainable

$6
t

Estimated

cost to the

global

economy of

poor mental

health by
20302

Development Goal 3 on Health and Well­being). This is likely to have a positive impact

on communities and countries where millions of people will receive much needed help.

While our business has long appreciated the value of a healthy workforce, today

attitudes to mental health have changed radically. It’s become one of our top three

health issues and is rightly high on the agenda across society too.

Changing times, changing attitudes
 A snapshot of the last eight decades of mental
health in Unilever

We’re committed to promoting mental health within our business, and beyond. In 2016

we became founding corporate partners of Heads Together in the UK, an initiative that

combines a campaign to tackle stigma and change the conversation on mental health,

with fundraising for a series of innovative mental health services. Twice a year, we

promote mental health­specific communications for employees, including on World

Mental Health Day in October.

Promoting the mental well­being of our employees is a vital element of our Lamplighter

programme, which recognises that mental health is especially important in times of

change or uncertainty. By listening and responding to the emotional needs of our

employees, we give people a better chance of fulfilling their potential. We’ve identified

four elements that need to be in place to promote mental health initiatives:

leadership and management

communication and culture

scoping resilience, managing pressure

support.

1
 World Health Organisation, 2011 http://apps.who.int/gb/ebwha/pdf_files/EB130/B130_9­en.pdf (PDF | 48KB)

(http://apps.who.int/gb/ebwha/pdf_files/EB130/B130_9­en.pdf)

2
 Scaling­up treatment of depression and anxiety: a global return on investment analysis, The Lancet

Psychiatry, 2016 http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanpsy/article/PIIS2215­0366(16)30024­4/fulltext (PDF |

45KB) (http://apps.who.int/gb/ebwha/pdf_files/EB130/B130_9­en.pdf)

A tectonic shift in attitudes to mental health

Dr Thirumilai Rajgopal – Dr Raj – is our Vice President of Global Medical and

Occupational Health.

He recognises it’s crucial to support employees’ mental well­being.

“Asking for help is the most important thing individuals can do when it comes to

mental health. That’s why we’ve put a strong emphasis on ensuring that our

employees are aware of our support and resources on all aspects of their well­

being, and how to contact our assistance programmes. We ensure that

employees are only one conversation, one click or one call from the help and

support they need.

Across society, we’re experiencing a tectonic shift in people’s attitudes to mental

health and well­being as mental health is acknowledged as a serious and growing

problem. Of course, people still face difficulties in overcoming cultural and social

stigma associated with mental health, but we’re creating a culture where mental

health is actively discussed, managed and understood. The role of our senior

leadership and their willingness to share their personal stories on the topic of

mental well­being have been pivotal to the success of this programme.

Now we’re seeing how this approach is having an effect. While our Occupational

Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR) has increased compared to 2016, paradoxically I

am comfortable with this feedback, since it reflects better reporting systems being

put in place as a direct consequence of an increase in employee awareness of

mental health issues – and their comfort in reporting them. This has helped us to

provide appropriate support to our employees. It strengthens the adage “if you

can’t measure accurately, you can’t provide the support needed.”

We’ve always been a business that sees it as our fundamental responsibility to

promote and enhance the health of employees – and if our people are the best

they can be, then that’s good for our business too.”

Easy access to support and training
Everyone employed by Unilever should be just one conversation, one phone call or

one click away from support.

Spotlight

One conversation, one phone call, one click

Behind this simple statement is a range of options which include access to

counselling services and employee assistance programmes that also extend

access to family groups.

Employees can access online training on mental health and we have also

developed a personal resilience assessment and training tool. Alongside this,

we’ve set up a global partnership to provide mindfulness training.

As part of our initiatives in the UK, we’ve trained some employees to become ‘mental

health first aiders’. Our first aiders are points of contact who can share a first

conversation or guide someone in accessing a range of professional help. They’re

valuable in identifying early help for those who may be on the verge of developing a

mental health issue. Another UK innovation is our new well­being app, which we

piloted in 2017. This is an example of our "#1chat1click1call" commitment and offers

employees 24 hour­a­day support in choosing the best available source of help or

guidance.

Making time to talk
Suicide has a devastating impact on individuals and families across Ireland, which has

the second highest youth suicide rate in Europe. There remains a stigma around the

topic of suicide and self­harm, and Irish people don’t talk openly about mental health

issues.

In 2017, for a second year, our Lyons Tea brand formed a partnership with  Pieta

House (http://www.pieta.ie/). This is a national charity that provides free counselling

and support services for those suffering from suicidal thoughts, self­harm or

bereavement. Since Pieta House first opened their doors, they have helped over

29,000 people, including nearly 6,000 people in 2017 alone. And 25% of those helped

were under 25 years old. Research also shows that around 135 people are impacted

by every life lost to suicide.

Through tea, which is often at the heart of conversations, we can encourage people to

talk about their mental health and direct them to a place where they can receive help if

they need it. To coincide with World Mental Health Day on 10 October, we launched

limited edition packs of our Lyons 80s Original which included a tear­out card on Pieta

House and the work that they do. Lyons also donated 10c to Pieta House for every

pack purchased. With the funds raised through these donations, Pieta House was able

to provide 1,305 hours of counselling.

We also carried out some research to uncover the mindset of Irish residents when it

comes to mental health. Amongst the findings we discovered that just over half of

adults (52%) say they always make time to speak with someone when they need to,

while 48% say they should make more time to talk. To amplify our message we

created a five­week national radio campaign ‘#Timetotalk’ across Spin 1038 & iRadio.

The campaign included 132 broadcasting hours dedicated to mental health.

Following our campaign, consumer research showed that 84% of adults rated the fit

between Lyons and Pieta House as excellent or good (77% in 2016). 84% of all adults

agreed it was beneficial in raising awareness of suicide prevention (78% in 2016), and

81% said it made them more aware of the services of Pieta House (71% in 2016).

Helping our employees thrive
Today’s fast­paced and rapidly changing world is exciting, but can also be stressful.

We want our employees to understand their holistic health status; if we can help

motivate them to reduce their well­being risks and adopt healthy habits, they’ll have

the skills to thrive and work more sustainably.

That’s the thinking behind our Thrive well­being workshops. In tandem with

Lamplighter’s health checks and advice, we use them to bring to life the four pillars of

our Well­being Framework (physical, emotional, mental and purposeful well­being).

During the workshops we explain each of the pillars as a battery of energy that needs

to be charged and used safely, as well as replenished and cared for in a sustainable

way.

The workshops also engage senior leaders, as they play an important role in

demonstrating, supporting and empowering leadership behaviours. We know that

employees often follow behaviour patterns set by managers, so this engagement with

leaders from across the business allows us to demonstrate that the Well­being

Framework is not just theoretical, but a vital contribution to our way of operating

sustainably. Over 2015­2017, around 50,000 employees have taken part in our Thrive

workshops.

In 2017, we developed short videos to train people in what we call ‘healthy

performance habits’ – ie keeping work and life in balance. These are available on our

intranet and cover adaptability, collaboration, demands and pressure, emotional

energy, empowerment, energy recovery, experimentation, focus and purpose.

“

The Thrive

workshop was

a good

moment for

me to take a

look at

different areas

of my life and

see how they

all come

together. Do

they work well

together? Are

there any

patterns that

need change?

That really

added a lot of

value.

”

Thrive workshop

participant, 2017

Related links



Tackling HIV/AIDS (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/tackling­hiv­
aids/)



Monitoring our safety performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­business/monitoring­
our­safety­performance/)


Fairness
in
the
workplace

Tackling HIV/AIDS
HIV/AIDS has an impact on our business, not only in terms of our own

employees but also in wider socio­economic terms in many of our markets.

In recent years, advances in health

interventions have reduced the

incidence of HIV/AIDS. In 2016, 1.8

million people became newly infected

with HIV, a drop of 20% since 2013.

Measures such as behaviour­change

campaigns, condom use and

prevention of mother­to­child

transmission have all helped. But still

HIV remains a huge problem and we

have seen the reality of people with

HIV/AIDS presenting at our company

clinics, particularly in Africa, often with

devastating consequences for individuals and communities.

We formulated our first policy on HIV

in 1989. Since then we have

maintained our resolve to combat the

disease not only in our workplace but

also in wider society through the use

of partnerships. We’ve had some

36.7
m

People are

living with

HIV/AIDS

30%

Don’t know they

have the virus

success in our workplaces in Africa

where the incidence of HIV is now

below the average and the mortality

rate has dropped by up to 50%. But we know we have more to do.

Our approach to HIV/AIDS
Our HIV/AIDS programmes are an integral component of our medical and occupational

health strategy and are a priority for our business. We revised our HIV/AIDS policy in

2016. This means it now embraces the principles and recommendations set out by the

International Labour Organization (2010) and the UN High Level Meeting (2011), and

is based on human rights ethics in accordance with the UN High Level Meeting on

Ending HIV (2016).



What do our occupational health strategies cover?

access to primary healthcare

protecting health in the workplace

ensuring medical fitness for the job

actively promoting health and well­being.

Our company­wide standard of healthcare reinforces our commitment to the care and

protection of employees living with the disease and to help prevent new infections. The

standard underpins our approach to prevent discrimination against employees based

on HIV status and to offer care and support when needed. It’s based on the principle of

treating HIV/AIDS similarly to any other chronic disease and providing appropriate

steps to combat it. To this end, we’ve integrated our HIV/AIDS programme into

Lamplighter (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/), our global health and

well­being programme.

The key inputs to our HIV/AIDS programme in Africa include:

spreading awareness, information and education through employee ‘peer group

educators’ and by training management groups in the latest developments

voluntary counselling and testing by healthcare providers

condom distribution for all employees

providing anti­retroviral treatment based on World Health Organization guidelines

monitoring treatment adherence and viral suppression

treatment of TB and other opportunistic infections

promotion of male medical circumcision.

In the case of pregnant women, we help with treatment to prevent mother­to­child

transmission. These policies are aligned with the key principles of the International

Labour Organization (ILO) Code of Practice on HIV/AIDS.

Assessing the impact of our programmes
Our first local HIV programme started more than 25 years ago in the form of a life­

threatening disease policy in South Africa. We went on to develop a roadmap for

implementing a comprehensive programme across all our sites, using global and local

business coalition networks to substantially increase testing and treatment in Africa.

Spotlight

The results of our HIV programme in Africa

In 2010 we revised our roadmap to include the latest technologies, treatments

and prevention­campaign methods, tailored according to the HIV/AIDS risk in

different countries. In 2012 our results were published and shared with leading

HIV/AIDS experts to gain insight into our future strategy.

We published a  25­year review of our efforts (PDF | 7MB) (/Images/unilever­

hiv­aids­25­years­of­experience_tcm244­481139_en.pdf) in 2014. As Doug

Baillie, our Chief Human Resources Officer at the time, said:

“As we look back, we can see we have made progress and we are pleased to

report a 30–50% drop in mortality across our sites, with an incidence rate that

is at least 50% less than the national average.

“Mother­to­child transmission has dropped to under 1% due to treatment for all,

and the quality of life of our employees and families has improved through our

Lamplighter programme.”

Recognising the ongoing need for care of HIV/AIDS, he also acknowledged

that “more needs to be done in the workplace and we are committed to the

ILO’s recommendation of getting to zero new infections, zero discrimination

and zero AIDS­related deaths”.

Working with others to drive change
We’re one of the founding members of the Global Business Coalition on HIV/AIDS,

Tuberculosis and Malaria (GBC). We work closely with a range of other international

organisations, such as UNAIDS, PEPFAR, USAID, WHO, the World Economic Forum,

the Gates Foundation and the WWA (Workplace Wellness Alliance) as well as the

Institute for Health and Productivity Management. In the spirit of sharing our learning,

our programmes are available as models on the GBC and the Global Health Initiative

websites.

We believe it’s important to mark World AIDS Day each December. Our sites

contribute to awareness campaigns using a combination of the GBC, UNAIDS and

WHO on HIV/AIDS campaign materials and local NGO and government messages.

Related links

Downloads

External links



Unilever
HIV/AIDS: 25
Years of
Experience
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/unilever­
hiv­aids­25­
years­of­
experience_tcm244­
481139_en.pdf)



Global
Business
Coalition on
HIV/AIDS,
Tuberculosis
and Malaria
(GBC)
(http://www.gbchealth







Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/)

Improving
employee
health, nutrition
& well­being
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/improving­
employee­
health­nutrition­
and­well­being/)

Our employee
health
programme
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/improving­
employee­
health­nutrition­
and­well­
being/our­

employee­
health­
programme/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Fairness in the workplace

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Building a safer business
We want to grow our business responsibly. That means safety is a non­

negotiable commitment, shared by everyone at Unilever.

Safety is about people - and we all play a part

Facts and figures are a vital tool for measuring safety and driving the progress we

continue to see in our business – but they do not tell the full story. Behind any set of

safety statistics are real people, who should be able to live and work free from the risk

of injuries or accidents. These rights are echoed in the UN’s Sustainable Development

Goals (SDGs).

SDG 3 on Good Health and Well­being flags the need to halve road deaths and

injuries by 2020, while SDG 8 on Decent Work and Economic Growth highlights the

need to protect labour rights and provide safe and secure working conditions. None of

this can be achieved without working in partnership (SDG 17).

Our approach to safety begins with the recognition that our business has a

responsibility, not only to our 161,000 employees who make the products we sell in

more than 190 countries, but also to all the people and communities we work with and

among. It’s a moral obligation that’s captured in our Code of Business Principles ­ and

a business imperative too, since our commercial success depends on the trust people

place in us.

Accountable leadership and a strong policy framework are critical, and we describe

them below. But a true safety culture is not delivered exclusively from the top down.

Instead, it relies on everyone working together in a culture where the protection of all is

non­negotiable. It is this principle that underpins our Unilever safety mission.



Our Code of Business Principles and our Safety Mission

Our Code of Business Principles commits us to provide safe and healthy

working conditions for all employees. And our Code Policy on Occupational

Health and Safety spells out what employees must and must not do to ‘live the

Code.’

Our Safety Mission: Through authentic leadership, to build an interdependent

safety culture that protects the well­being of our employees, visitors, contractors

and assets, and delivers on responsible growth.

As well as being a target within the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, health and safety

is one of our eight salient human rights issues, and we are committed to improving

safety throughout our value chain. More details on the work we do with our suppliers to

drive up safety standards through our Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible

Business Partner Policy can be found in our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF |

10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) and

Advancing Human Rights with suppliers & business partners (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­

suppliers­and­business­partners/).

Towards an interdependent safety culture

RS Ravi, Group Safety Director.

“I think of safety as being at the heart of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan's

(USLP) vision. You cannot have holistic, responsible growth unless you care

about people, and that means making sure those people go home safely to their

families every day.” This is the firm belief of RS Ravi, our Group Safety Director.

The safety culture has come a long way since I first became a safety practitioner,

33 years ago – and even since I joined Unilever, as the business began to

implement its USLP. More and more, we’ve come to see how safety is

interconnected with every part of the business – and indeed with the people in our

supply chain and the communities around us.

We have more we need to do to reduce injuries and fatalities to zero, and there

are always fresh challenges, such as when Unilever acquires new businesses

which we need to bring in to our way of working. But the commitment of everyone

in the business to safety, driven by our most senior leadership, has meant that

we’ve built a culture in which people take responsibility for their own safety. As a

result, we’ve seen significant progress in reducing injuries.

Now we need to move the whole business further towards what we safety

practitioners call an 'interdependent' safety culture. That means that everyone

works together because they share a belief that our vision is attainable: zero

injuries and fatalities.”

We are reducing injuries – but there’s more to do
Thanks to the dedication and effort of people throughout Unilever, we’ve made

progress against the target to reduce injuries we set ourselves in the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan in 2010. We first met this target in 2013, seven years ahead of

schedule. Our target remains challenging, however, and we will only continue our

progress by remaining vigilant throughout our business.

In 2017, we continued to reduce our accident rate, see Targets & Performance

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/). The progress

we've made was through visible leadership, the positive behaviour of our people, the

design of our plants, facilities and products, and by implementing safe systems and

procedures throughout Unilever.

But there is no such thing as a 'tolerable' level of accidents. The only acceptable aim is

zero accidents.



Vision Zero

The right to a safe and healthy work environment is non­negotiable. We are

transforming safety with our Vision Zero strategy which underpins everything we

do as a business. It aims for:

zero fatalities

zero injuries

zero motor vehicle accidents

zero process incidents

zero tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices.

One fatality is one too many
We are sorry to report that we lost one of our colleagues through a road accident in

Mexico in 2017. Accidents of this kind are what our procedures and policies are

intended to prevent, and we are sharing the lessons from this sad incident across the

business.

How we're making people safer
Throughout our business, we're building on the culture we've created over many years

by adding capability, building professionalism and reinforcing leadership responsibility.



Our safety programme

In 2017, we continued to strengthen the pillars of our safety programme,

described in detail in Making our safety vision a reality (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­

business/making­our­safety­vision­a­reality/):

prioritising safe travel and transport

behaviour­based safety

process safety

machinery safety

contractor and construction safety.

Accountable, responsible, visible - our approach
to leadership
Our commitment to safety comes from the most senior levels in our organisation,

including our CEO. Ultimate responsibility for our safety performance rests with the

Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE). The Chief Supply Chain Officer is a member of

the ULE and is charged with ensuring that safety is championed as a regular part of

the ULE agenda.

In addition to regular reviews among the ULE, the Unilever Board’s Corporate

Responsibility Committee also reviews a safety progress scorecard and conducts

regular in­depth discussions with our Safety leaders. This level of review and analysis

of our performance ensures that safety gets the attention it needs to become

embedded in the organisation.

Helping our leaders 'walk the talk'
Our training programmes aim to ensure our leaders understand and implement the

safety culture we want to create. In 2016, we introduced a mandatory safety training

programme for all Unilever leaders who manage a team. The training is designed to

give them the skills and knowledge they need to ensure that everyone on their team

gets to go home safely every day. It underlines the importance of them ‘walking the

talk’ on safety, every minute of every day.

Our safety policies and standards
We believe a safe working culture has to be founded on clear policies and standards

that everyone understands.



Our Health and Safety Policy

Our global Health and Safety Policy and Mandatory Standards are based on the

international standard OHSAS 18001.

They guide our management systems, along with Mandatory Standards and

Best Practice Guidelines on individual aspects of health and safety. All these are

made available to all Unilever locations worldwide through our intranet.

We also collate safety data from each of our sites to give us an overview of our

performance and ensure we continue to use best practice at all times. This information

is shared globally through our Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) team members,

who work closely with their local leadership teams.

The local teams are supported, in turn, by our senior health and safety professionals

who meet regularly as the Unilever Group Safety and Health Leadership Team. Their

role is to:

advise the leadership team on areas of focus and recommend and support specific

improvement projects

review progress against targets and recommend remedial actions

follow up on serious incidents and ensure lessons learned are shared and adopted

share best practice and support local SHE teams.

Building a safer value chain
Our business depends on thousands of people in our supply chain – and they have

just as much right to a safe workplace as our employees. We aim to drive up safety

standards throughout our supply chain through our  Responsible Business Partner

Policy (PDF | 3MB) (/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­

504807_en.pdf) as well as our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB)

(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­504736_en.pdf) which

makes providing a healthy and safe workplace a mandatory requirement for suppliers.

Details of the findings of our third­party audits of suppliers and the work we do with

suppliers to remediate health and safety issues can be found in our  Human Rights

Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­

513973_en.pdf).

Related links



Making our safety vision a reality (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­business/making­our­
safety­vision­a­reality/)



Monitoring our performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­business/monitoring­
our­safety­performance/)



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­
the­workplace/)



Previous

Improving employee health, nutrition & well­being

Next 

Advancing human rights in our own operations


Fairness
in
the
workplace

Making our safety vision a reality
We’ll achieve Vision Zero when no one is harmed in the course of Unilever

business. To get there, we assess the risks attached to all our activities and

develop programmes to tackle them. In 2017 we continued our focus on

safe travel in vehicles, behavioural safety, machinery safety, process safety,

and construction and contractor safety.

Making the roads safer, for us and for others
Our business couldn't succeed without people driving on our behalf – and sharing the

roads with the people around us. We have a responsibility to ensure that our

employees keep themselves and the public safe when they are behind the wheel. And

the need to reduce road injuries and deaths has been recognised as a worldwide

priority in the UN’s Sustainable Development Goal 3 on Good Health and Well­being.



Safe Travel in Vehicles

We put our Safe Travel in Vehicles Standard into action with the help of our new

Safe Travel Roadmap, introduced in 2016 to give drivers step­by­step guidance.

The Roadmap also enables local managers to design robust programmes

tailored to the risks and conditions on the roads their employees are using. Our

approach reflects the reality that road safety standards and other conditions

vary from market to market.

Alongside policies and standards, technology plays an important role too – whether by

delivering online training, or through the use of ‘telematics’ (also known as ‘black

boxes’) to track and record driving behaviour and promote safe driving techniques.

Every country tracks safe travel through a range of parameters, such as driver training

or mileage.

In 2017 we introduced a new tool for high and medium risk countries – our Airsweb

Safe Travel Module. We use it to ensure that all drivers complete their obligatory

defensive driving training courses, report any safety incidents, track driver mileage and

make the best of route risk assessments.

“

Our innovative Safe Travel Module is a practical,

hands-on tool to help people get home safely at the

end of each day.  

For example, in a number of countries, it’s our

established practice that drivers check information

about the route they're planning to take and then make

a risk assessment. The result might be that they take a

different route – one that might be longer, but is safer

because of trafﬁc or road conditions. In some

countries, our risk assessments might lead to wider

travel rules – like no night-driving which we apply in

Africa where the roads are particularly dangerous in

the dark.

”

Zakhar Boyarintsev, Group Safety Manager

These efforts are starting to pay off: in 2017 we saw a 50% reduction in road­related

collisions resulting in employee injuries – from 26 to 13 accidents. But there’s still more

to do to reach our vision of zero accidents.

We understand that violations of the rules need to be addressed fairly and objectively.

Countries have ‘consequence management policies’ in place aligned with local

legislation and frameworks. This means that we can impose a range of disciplinary

actions on those responsible for poor safety oversight – which can include dismissal in

the most serious cases.

Safer behaviour, safer people

 
Guidelines and policies on their own do not achieve a safe working environment.

People's safety depends to a large degree on how they, and the people around them,

behave. That's why one of our biggest areas of focus is on behaviour­based safety

(BBS) which is part of our World Class Manufacturing Programme (WCM).

WCM is the continuous improvement system we use in our manufacturing sites. It’s

implemented through a structured, step­by­step approach that drives extensive

involvement by our employees and a set of rigorous behaviours. WCM’s safety pillar is

built on behaviour­based safety principles. We’ve made sure these are well­defined

and articulated as they’re the non­negotiable foundations of the way we work. Using

these company­wide foundations, sites develop tailored plans that drive continuous

improvement at each site.

By taking this approach, we can create a solid and consolidated safety culture across

all levels of our organisation. As a result, a fifth of our ‘mature’ (most advanced) sites

have demonstrated a dramatic reduction in accidents of over 40% (measured as Total

Recordable Accident Frequency over 2013–2017).

Our leadership team receives mandatory training on the importance of WCM, and we

expect leaders to ‘walk the talk’. We remind our employees that we’re all responsible

for making good choices when it comes to the safety of ourselves and others. That’s

whether people work in a factory, an office or elsewhere. Our Make the Right Choice

communications campaign underlined this message in 2017 with a renewed emphasis

on the importance of individual decision­making.

Office = safe. Factory = hazardous. Right? Wrong!

Muhtesem Edis, our SHE and Security Director based in Turkey, describes how

our Make the Right Choice campaign is making our workplaces safer.

“Most people assume that safety is an issue just for our factories. That's just not

the case!

Slip, trip and fall (STF) incidents can happen anywhere – and they’re potentially

very serious. In the worst case, a slip can result in life­changing injuries, and

sadly sprains and strains, bruises and concussions, fractures and dislocations are

all too common. Far from being exclusively a 'factory' problem, just over a quarter

of the STFs in our business happen on non­manufacturing sites, which include

offices, R&D and distribution sites. Between 2014 and 2016, the number of STFs

in our business grew, peaking at 247 in 2016 – so we knew it was an area that

needed urgent improvement.

Often inattention or distraction is the reason for these accidents – rushing or

carrying too many items so we don't hold the handrail when using the stairs.

Broken items can be replaced, but our people can't.

Our Make the Right Choice campaign brings home to people the importance of

good decisions in every working environment, with the result that we saw a

steady reduction of incidents in 2017.”

Encouraging progress on process safety incidents
Process safety is the way we manage

our production by applying good

design principles, engineering, and

operating practices from the very

beginning of a project.

We drove our 2017 process safety

improvement through three main

routes:

We improved our people's

qualifications through the launch of

46%

Reduction in

process safety

incidents in

2017 v 2016

our Process Safety Competent Operator / Leader programme, making them part of

people’s career development.

Our Global Process Safety Team assessed and classified all Unilever

manufacturing sites so we can develop our risk­based approach and target our

audits.

We continued to work with partner firms in the Safety to Win programme, launched

in 2016.

What is ‘process safety’ – and why does it matter?

Jonathan Jett­Parmer, our Global Engineering Director for process safety

explains.

“Put simply, process safety means hardwiring safety into every aspect of our

production processes. It involves looking at every detail of production – how we

design, build, operate and maintain our manufacturing sites – with safety in mind,

and building a disciplined framework that delivers safe processes.

It matters, because good process safety saves lives and prevents injuries. It helps

prevent and control the most serious incidents – ones that could cause toxic

effects, fires or explosions, for example. Our process safety work focuses on what

we call Major Accident Event Prevention – a term that speaks for itself.

What drives process safety people like my colleagues and me is the difference

safety makes to people's lives – but there are wider benefits too. When you have

effective process safety, it leads to improved site reliability and higher community

confidence. Employee morale is higher too, which can boost retention and help

attract the best talent. A safe business is also often less expensive to underwrite,

often over­delivers on results, and can earn the trust of customers, consumers

and suppliers – all essential elements of business growth.”

Construction & contractor safety
Keeping people safe during construction of all kinds is a priority for us. Following the

introduction of our Construction Safety Standard in 2015, we have continued to

expand construction safety standards into our supply chain. In 2017 we focused on

specific high­risk activities and launched our new Work at Heights training across our

business.

In 2014 we began collecting data specifically related to contractor safety. Contractors’

recordable injuries (measured by Lost­Time Injuries Frequency Rate, LTIFR) have

progressively reduced since then. This is due to better application of our standards,

higher levels of engagement from our leaders and enhanced training of project leaders

and safety professionals. In 2017 we saw a 42% reduction compared to 2014. See

Monitoring our safety performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­

in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­business/monitoring­our­safety­performance/) for

details.

Machinery safety
We continue to work on improving the

safety of people who work with

machines. A particular focus has been

reducing injuries caused when

people’s hands get caught in

machines. While these injuries have

fallen, they still remain one of our

most common factory injuries so

we’re working hard to assess all the

risks related to our equipment and to

ensure that appropriate safeguards

are in place.

16%

Reduction in

‘hand in

machine’

incidents in

2017 v 2016

We have developed tools that involve employees in identifying hazards and assessing

their risks – this makes safety more personal and builds greater individual

accountability for it. We’ve also completed our worldwide machinery safety training and

are working with vendors and industry experts to assess existing machinery safety

risks and identify improvements.

We ensure that any new machinery arriving at our sites is 'safe by design' – and we

are working with vendors and industry experts to assess existing machinery safety

risks and identify improvements.

Related links

Downloads





Building a safer business
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/building­a­safer­
business/)

Monitoring our safety
performance (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/building­a­safer­
business/monitoring­our­
safety­performance/)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)



USLP: PwC’s Independent
Limited Assurance Report
2017
PDF | 281KB
(/Images/pwc­limited­
assurance­report­
2017_tcm244­
519550_1_en.pdf)



Unilever's Basis of Preparation
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/basis­of­preparation­
2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 


Fairness
in
the
workplace

Monitoring our safety performance
Monitoring our performance closely and publishing the results helps us

keep track of our progress and identify areas where we need to increase

our efforts.

Monitoring our accident rates
We report safety data from October to

September. Our Total Recordable

Frequency Rate (TRFR) from 1

October 2016 to 30 September 2017

was 0.89  accidents per million hours

†

worked. This compares to 1.01

accident per million hours for the

same period in the previous year.

Our performance meets our Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) target

0.89

Accidents per

million hours

†
worked  in 2017

of halving our 2008 TRFR of 2.10 – but we still have much to do to maintain this

progress, not just to our USLP target date of 2020, but beyond in pursuit of our Vision

Zero strategy.

Accident rates (1998 - 2017)

,

0
0
0
0
0
1
r
e
p
R
F
A

5.5

5

4.5

4

3.5

3

2.5

2

1.5

1

0.5

0

Key

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Year

Accident frequency rate (AFR) per 100,000

Total recordable frequency rate (TRFR) per 1,000,000

Notes
The chart above shows our preferred accident rate indicator for reporting – Total Recordable Frequency Rate

(TRFR) – over the period 2003 – 2010. While we no longer use Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) for reporting

purposes, an earlier trend is presented here for comparison. Please note that as a consequence of improving

our safety performance over many years, in 2009 Unilever decided to increase the denominator used to

calculate TRFR from 100,000 to 1,000,000 hours. The chart has thus been re­stated using this new, higher

factor which has had the effect of increasing our current and historical TRFR data by a factor of ten. In 2013

we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured from 2014 onwards. https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/ (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

TRFR is one of two occupational safety performance indicators that has been

independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/index.html) in 2017. The other is the number of fatal

accidents, which is described below.

We work hard to ensure that everyone working for Unilever – whether employee or

contractor – understands the procedures and policies we’ve put in place to prevent

fatal accidents, and we share the lessons learned from them across the business.

Fatal accidents (1998-2017)

 
 
r
e
b
m
u
N

l

t

a
o
T

14

12

10

8

6

4

2

0

1
9
9
8

1
9
9
9

2
0
0
0

2
0
0
1

2
0
0
2

2
0
0
3

2
0
0
4

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
1

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

Year

Key

Employees off site

Employees on site

Contractors on site

Notes
In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January – 31 December to 1 October – 30 September.

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) assured from 2014 onwards. https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/ (https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/)

Monitoring our injury rates
In tandem with tracking accidents, it’s vital we understand the frequency and nature of

the injuries these accidents can cause. We introduced our Airsweb reporting system to

do just. The system allows us to collect more granular data on our Lost­Time Injuries

Frequency Rate (LTIFR) which measures injuries per million hours worked and

includes all safety injuries from simple first aid cases to those that are more serious.

We measure this for all our direct employees and all our contractors.

While we have collected data on LTIFR for our employees for many years, since 2014

we’ve used Airsweb to help us deliver one of the pillars of our safety programme,

namely improved safety for contractors. This has resulted in a 42% reduction in LTIFR

for contractors over 2014­2017. See Making our safety vision a reality (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/building­a­safer­

business/making­our­safety­vision­a­reality/).

Lost-Time Injuries Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (2014-
2017)

2014

2015

2016

2017

 
Direct employees

0.51

0.59

0.51

0.53

Contractors

0.96

0.63

0.57

0.56

Achieving zero injuries
Some of our sites are achieving zero

recordable injuries on an ongoing

basis. For example, our Phoenix

aerosol factory in South Africa is rated

a Major Hazardous Installation under

South African law due to the nature

and quantity of the substances it

processes, (namely liquid petroleum

gas). But from first opening its doors

in 1990, it’s had no recordable

injuries.

Advances in the way we approach the

whole process of establishing new

27

Years without

a recordable

injury in our

Phoenix

factory, South

Africa

sites has also helped. Our Dubai Beauty & Personal Care factory in the United Arab

Emirates was built with a focus on safety excellence at all stages of the project

including design, construction, commissioning, installation and operation. Since 2015,

the factory has run for more than 3.4 million hours – with no recordable injuries.

Monitoring occupational illnesses
Our World Class Manufacturing and Occupational Health teams work together to make

our factories and offices healthy places to work. Our programmes cover the prevention

of work­related illness and occupational diseases, ergonomics, environmental health

and protection from noise and enzymes.

We track occupational illnesses for our employees under the criteria laid down by the

US Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA). Using Occupational Illness

Frequency Rate (OIFR) we measure the number of work­related ill health cases per

million hours worked for all our direct employees. In 2017, our OIFR was 0.78 per

million hours worked. This result was validated by Health Improvement Solutions, a

specialist health consultancy.

We’ve seen an increase of 44% in OIFR since 2014. This has been prompted by two

factors. The first is the changes we made to our in­house reporting systems to enable

better data collection. The second is an increase in employee awareness and reporting

of mental health issues in particular, driven by our communication campaigns and

training. See Our employee health programme (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­

being/our­employee­health­programme/).

Occupational Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR)
(2014-2017)

2014

2015

2016

2017

Direct employees

0.54

0.53

0.60

0.78

†
Independently assured by PwC

Related links







Building a safer business
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/building­a­safer­
business/)

Making our safety vision a
reality (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/building­a­safer­
business/making­our­safety­
vision­a­reality/)

Our employee health
programme (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/improving­
employee­health­nutrition­and­
well­being/our­employee­
health­programme/)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

Opportunities for women 

We want to help create a world in which every woman and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, 
unconstrained by harmful norms and stereotypes. We believe a world where women are economically 
empowered will be a fairer, happier and more prosperous place to live – and that our business will flourish in it. 

Changing the norms & closing the gender gap 
At the current rate of progress, women will have to wait 100 years to close the gender gap with men – 
a wait that, despite advances over the last decade, actually got longer in 2017. The annual World 
Economic Forum Global Gender Gap Report, published in November 2017, found the gap between 
men and women across health, education, politics and the workplace widening for the first time since 
records began in 2006. 

This wait is unacceptable – for current and future generations of women and girls, and for the 
societies and economies of which they and our business are a part. 

We want our business to be a leading force in closing that gap, and to challenge and change the 
harmful norms and stereotypes that are a barrier to women’s economic empowerment – and the 
norms and stereotypes of masculinity that confine men too. 

Empowering women can transform the world 
Empowering women will transform individual lives, and it will also transform societies. It’s essential to 
the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda and its Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). Empowering women and girls is the focus of SDG 5, Achieving Gender Equality. But, like the 
need to work in partnership (SDG 17), women’s empowerment is a red thread that stitches all the 
SDGs together. In particular, it underpins those that aim to improve access to skills and employment 
and the resulting economic empowerment this brings.   

Our business, too, will be transformed: women are 70% of our consumer base, 50% of the talent pool 
from whom we recruit our workforce, and play critical roles in our supply chain and in enabling us to 
reach consumers with our products. By creating and supporting opportunities for women in society 
and the economy, we have the possibility to grow our markets, brands and business. 

1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our strategy 

We believe that women’s empowerment is the single greatest enabler of human development and 
economic growth – and that changing the norms and stereotypes that hold women back will enable 
society and our business to transform for the better. 

Empowered women: creating a better business & a brighter 
future 
Empowered women are playing a vital part in creating the prosperous economies in which our 
business can grow – and increasing their opportunities further will increase ours. Worldwide, women 
control 64% of consumer spending and are the fastest-growing group of consumers. Equality for 
women in the global labour force would add up to $28 trillion to the global economy by 2025, 
according to the McKinsey Global Institute. That’s a very significant opportunity for any business, 
especially one like ours where more than 70% of our consumers are women. 

But as the World Economic Forum’s Global Gender Gap Report 2017 shows, the gap is not closing 
fast enough. So what is holding equality back? 

Challenging the gender norms that hold back growth 
The UN High-Level Panel on Women’s Economic Empowerment report stated that “changing norms 
should be at the top of the 2030 Agenda to expand women’s economic opportunities”. Our own 
research supports the widening evidence that some of the strongest forces behind persistent gender 
gaps are harmful social norms and stereotypes that limit expectations of what women can or should 
do. These outdated norms that discriminate against women are all around us and they are deeply 
ingrained. 

Challenging and changing those norms is therefore a vital part of our strategy. We have a vision of a 
world in which every woman and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, unconstrained by 
harmful norms and stereotypes. And a world, too, in which men are also free from the confines of 
adverse social norms and stereotypes of manhood and masculinity, and in which economies are 
growing and creating opportunities for men and women alike. 

Empowering women across our value chain  
We have a great opportunity to help create this vision of unlocking women’s potential throughout our 
extended value chain and in society at large. We start with progressive policies and practices in our 
own workplace and supply chain operations. Building on this foundation, we collaborate with others to 
create opportunities for women in our extended supply chain, through our distribution networks, our 
brands and products. By engaging in partnership, thought leadership and advocacy, we unleash the 
power of collective action for sustainable, transformational change. 

In our 2017 Opportunities for Women report (PDF | 7MB) we outlined how this approach across the 
value chain aims to:  

•  build a gender-balanced organisation with a focus on management 

•  promote safety for women in the communities where we operate 

•  enhance access to training and skills 

•  expand opportunities in our retail value chain 

•  work with others to challenge outdated gender norms and stereotypes. 

A global effort in which partnership is key 
Cultivating fair and balanced gender norms and progressive portrayals of women and girls calls for 
broad, collective action. Stakeholders across sectors need to work together, and business must be 
part of the solution. We participate in platforms that help us bring insight into Unilever and share our 
own insights with the wider world. Many of our partnerships are described in the Taking Action pages 
in this report. Some key platforms which focus on driving change across systems and industries 
include: 

2 

•  we have aligned with the UN Secretary-General’s High-Level Panel on Women’s Economic 

Empowerment and participated in working groups focused on tackling adverse norms and 
changing business culture 

•  we are committed to UN Women’s HeForShe movement to drive the advancement of women. 
Its goal is to achieve equality by encouraging men and boys as agents of change and take 
action against negative inequalities faced by women and girls 

•  our TRANSFORM public–private partnership with the UK Department for International 

Development is a £40 million joint investment. It aims to develop market-based solutions to 
enable 100 million people in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia to gain access to products and 
services that have been shown to improve health, livelihoods, the environment or well-being 
by 2025. A key outcome for TRANSFORM is female empowerment 

•  we are a member of the Unstereotype Alliance – a UN Women-led initiative in partnership 

with Unilever and industry leaders including WPP, IPG, Facebook, Google, Mars, Microsoft 
and J&J, set to banish stereotypical portrayals of gender in advertising and all brand-led 
content. 

A core priority across our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan 
Creating opportunities for women is not an isolated goal – in fact, it runs right through the Unilever 
Sustainable Living Plan and is a core element in many of our transformational sustainability aims. 
Examples can be found throughout this report, including how Dove is helping to build self-esteem and 
body confidence in young people, how we’re enhancing access to training and skills for women in our 
agricultural supply chain via our Enhancing Livelihoods Fund and how we’re creating economic 
opportunities for women to participate in our customer development network through our Shakti 
initiative. 

Our commitment  
By 2020, we will empower 5 million women by advancing opportunities for women in our operations, 
promoting safety, developing skills and expanding opportunities in our retail value chain. 

Progress to date  

•  We have improved our gender balance, with the proportion of female managers reaching 

47%† in 2017.  

• 

In partnership with others, by 2017 we had enabled 1,259,000† Ж (or around 1.3 million) 
women to access initiatives aiming to promote their safety, develop their skills or expand their 
opportunities. 

† Independently assured by PwC 

Ж Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017 

Future challenges  
As the World Economic Forum Global Gender Gap Report 2017 shows, progress towards gender 
equality cannot be taken for granted, and there is no room for complacency despite the gains made 
within our business and in society at large over recent years.  

If we are to achieve the world we want by 2030, we must create a gender-equal society. That means 
more than focusing on the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goal 5, the specific 
target on gender. Gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls must happen across the 
SDGs to ensure their success. As our CEO, Paul Polman, wrote in November 2017: “Concerted, 
consistent and continuous action is required and I urge leaders to apply a gender lens – and in 
particular, a social norms lens – to all their programmes, irrespective of which SDG they might 
address, even though the benefits might not necessarily be seen in the short term.” 

As well as being holistic, it’s clear that action must be collaborative. We must maintain our own efforts 
to tackle gender barriers throughout our value chain. But deeply embedded harmful social norms and 
gender stereotypes will not disappear without collective action from governments, civil society and 
business.  

3 

Unilever, like everyone who wants to see women’s potential enabled and fulfilled, needs to keep 
finding new approaches. That means new ways of measuring and managing our social impact cost-
effectively and at scale. And new ways of partnering with others, including government and civil 
society. In particular, it requires us to harness the collective influence of the wider business 
community so that we can help change the way the world works for women for the better. We’ve 
highlighted three priority areas for accelerating gender equality and women’s empowerment in the 
private sector: we’re calling on business to be gender aware, be gender active and be the new norm. 
See our Opportunities for Women White Paper for more detail. 

Downloads 
Opportunities for Women White Paper (PDF | 7MB) 

Unlocking Women’s Potential: our Approach   

4 

 
 
 
Targets & performance 

 We have set ambitious targets to empower 5 million women through a variety of initiatives. 

Opportunities for Women 

Our Commitment 

By 2020, we will empower 5 million women by advancing opportunities for women in our 
operations; promoting safety; providing up-skilling; and expanding opportunities in our retail value 
chain. 

Our Performance 

We have improved our gender balance, with the proportion of female managers reaching 
47%† in 2017. In partnership with others, by 2017 we had enabled 1,259,000† Ж (around 1.3 
million) women to access initiatives aiming to promote their safety, develop their skills or 
expand their opportunities. 

Our Perspective 

Our approach to empowering women is based on the tripod of rights, skills and opportunities. 
Women’s rights must be respected and women need to be given the skills and opportunities to 
succeed. 

Increasing agricultural yields and securing our supplies can be better achieved if women have fair 
and equal access to skills and opportunities. The impact of economically empowering women has a 
transformative effect on lifting families out of poverty. 

To achieve women’s empowerment and business growth, we need entire systems change, driven 
by our own business activities and initiatives but also requiring dialogue with key stakeholders at 
global and national levels. The insights and perspectives we gain from others are critical to our 
understanding of women's issues and priorities as we continue to develop our policies and 
practices. 

† Independently assured by PwC  

Ж Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017 

Achieved 0 

 On-Plan 5 

  Off-Plan 0 

  % of target achieved 1 

5 

 
 
 
 
 
Our targets 

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever 
Sustainable Living Plan. 

Build a gender-balanced organisation with a focus on management 

We will build a gender-balanced 
organisation with a focus on management.  

The percentage of women managers in 
Unilever reached 47%† in 2017. 

Our Perspective 

Since 2009, we have been committed to building a gender-balanced organisation. We set a clear 
ambition to have 50% women in management positions by 2020. 

We continue to make progress, although work remains. By the end of 2017, 47%† of our total 
management were women, up from 46% in 2016. At the most senior levels however, the ratios are 
not as high: among our top 93 executives, 22% were women in 2017. Five out of our 13 Board 
members were female (38%) in 2017, compared with six out of 14 in 2016 (43%).   

As part of our Maternity and Paternity Support Programme, we launched our Global Maternal Well-
being Standard which offers 16 weeks’ paid maternity leave to all employees. Although our 
previous entitlements already met local regulatory requirements, the new Standard is a major 
advance as in 54% of the countries in which we operate, it exceeds the local regulatory 
requirement.  

† Independently assured by PwC  

Advancing diversity & inclusion 

Promote safety for women in communities where we operate  

We will promote safety for women in the 
communities where we operate. 

By 2017, we had enabled around 7,000† 
women to access initiatives that aimed to 
promote their safety. 

Our Perspective 

We introduced a new target on safety in 2014 following our study in Kenya – which confirmed safety as a critical issue for 
women in the communities where we operate. 

We continue to engage our workers and wider community through awareness-raising and training on sexual harassment 
and strengthened grievance mechanisms. 

Our approach is systematic and inclusive and we work alongside communities. We continue to partner with expert external 
organisations to further strengthen this work, raising awareness, providing more information on what constitutes sexual 
harassment and advancing more opportunities for girls to engage in social activities. 

In 2016, we agreed a Global Partnership Framework on women’s safety with UN Women, who are reviewing and 
strengthening our Safety for Women and Girls programme in Kericho, Kenya, so that it can be adapted to other countries 
and regions. In 2017, we extended this programme to work with our suppliers in Assam, India. 

† Independently assured by PwC  

Promoting safety for women  

6 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Enhance access to training & skills

We will enhance access to training and 
skills across our value chain. 

By 2017, we had enabled around 1,175,000† 
Ж* (around 1.2 million) women to access 
initiatives aiming to develop their skills.  

Our Perspective 

Our target is critical for expanding female participation in the economy. 

Accessing training is one of the major barriers to women’s participation in training. This is why our 
training is designed to encourage the full and equal participation of women, for example, by being 
held at convenient times in accessible locations or by providing online courses. We’re also working 
with partners, which helps us reach more women and encourages mutual learning.  

We take a holistic approach when providing access to training and skills, offering complementary 
training wherever possible. For instance, we are developing agricultural training for smallholder 
farming families which is supplemented by education on nutrition with the aim of improving dietary 
diversity. Similarly, we are aiming to roll out financial literacy training for smallholder farmers where 
we have previously delivered other types of training. 

† Independently assured by PwC  

Ж Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017 

* In 2017 our total includes women enrolled on programmes providing virtual or remote training, see Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for details 

Enhancing women’s access to training & skills  

Enhancing entrepreneurial & life skills through our brands 

7 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Expand opportunities in our retail value chain

•  We will expand opportunities for 
women in our retail value chain. 

•  We will increase the number of Shakti 
entrepreneurs that we recruit, train 
and employ from 45,000 in 2010 to 
75,000 in 2015. 

By 2017, we had enabled around 77,000† 
women to access initiatives aiming to 
expand their opportunities in our retail value 
chain.  

70,000 Shakti micro-entrepreneurs were 
selling our products in India by end 2015. 

(Since 2016 this target has been part of our 
wider value chain target above.) 

Our Perspective 

In 2016, we integrated our Shakti ambitions into our wider target to expand opportunities for women 
in our retail value chain by 2020. By 2017, we had grown the number of Shakti entrepreneurs to 
around 74,800.   

Our Shakti programme originated in India. It is a win-win initiative that catalyses rural affluence 
while benefiting our business by equipping women to distribute our products.  in more than 162,000 
villages., reaching over 4 million rural households. The programme has become our model to reach 
out to rural consumers on typically low incomes in developing and emerging markets. We are 
adapting this model in several South-East Asian, African and Latin American markets. For example, 
in Nigeria in 2017, around 2,200 women were selling our products as part of our Gbemiga initiative. 

† Independently assured by PwC  

Expanding opportunities in our retail value chain  

8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Challenging harmful gender norms
Outdated social norms and stereotypes can prevent women from achieving

their full potential. By working with our brands, throughout our value chain,

and with partners across industry and society, we aim to challenge harmful

gender norms and empower women.

No limits
Some of the strongest forces behind persistent gender gaps are harmful social norms

and stereotypes that limit expectations of what women can or should do. These

barriers discriminate against women. They are all around us, and they are deeply

ingrained.

What's more, these outdated norms are holding back the global economic growth and

social progress that will come from women's empowerment and gender equality ­ the

growth and progress that are at the heart of the UN's Sustainable Development Goals.

The UN Secretary­General’s recent High­Level Panel on Women concluded:

“Changing norms should be at the top of the 2030 Agenda”. We agree.

We want to use our influence, insight and expertise to challenge these adverse social

norms and gender stereotypes ­ in our business, and in society at large. It is a central

element of our Opportunities for Women strategy (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/), which also embraces access to rights, skills,

resources and jobs, and livelihoods across our full value chain ­ including through

Advancing diversity and inclusion (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/advancing­diversity­and­inclusion/) in our own

business. And we believe that challenging those social norms can have a

transformational impact.



How we’re challenging social norms

Our strategy aims to drive change in four main ways:

by using our influence as one of the world’s biggest advertisers – not just to

change the way we market our own products, but also to advocate and

partner for  change across the industry

(http://www.unstereotypealliance.org/)

by building a diverse business and value chain, in which women are

empowered and act as role models for change 

by developing sustainable living brands that are progressing gender equality

and women´s empowerment 

and by ensuring, in our business and through our programmes, that

everyone, including men, is part of the movement to build positive cultural

change.

Our vision of freedom
In all this work, we’re guided by our  vision (PDF | 7MB) (/Images/unilever­

opportunities­for­women_tcm244­500987_en.pdf) of a world in which every woman

and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, unconstrained by harmful norms

and stereotypes. And a world in which men, too, are free from the confines of adverse

social norms and stereotypes of manhood and masculinity.

That's also a world in which economies are growing and creating opportunities for men

and women alike. One in which people ­ and our business ­ can flourish.



Our definition of gender

We share the definition of gender used by the World Health Organization

(WHO). Gender refers to the socially constructed characteristics of women and

men – such as norms, roles and relationships of and between groups of women

and men. It varies from society to society and can be changed.

For a fuller definition, see the  World Health Organization

(https://www.who.int/gender­equity­rights/understanding/gender­definition/en/).

Unstereotype: driving change
We're convinced that business generally ­ including ours ­ can help change consumer

behaviour and challenge social norms. That means changing the images we see, and

the words we use, so we reflect the real aspirations, achievements and interests of

women and men alike. Our Unstereotype initiative plays a vital role in this.

Why we’re unstereotyping our advertising – & calling on others
to join us

Aline Santos is our Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and our Head of

Diversity & Inclusion.

“Gender stereotypes used to be a staple of advertising. In some cases, they still

are, despite the fact that the world has changed, people’s lives have changed –

and gender identity has changed, too. Stereotypes are becoming irrelevant.

Consumers increasingly say they resent them. But too much advertising has not

moved with the times.

We know our own business has, in the past, fallen back on stereotypes of men

and women and their roles. But the crucial part of that phrase is ‘in the past’.

We’re absolutely committed to evolving the way we market our products. We’ve

started already, with our Unstereotype initiative, launched in 2016, which has

challenged every single one of our global brands to move away from unhelpful

stereotypes.

For some brands this is not new. Dove, for example, has been championing real

beauty since 2004.

Others have changed their positioning to be more relevant today, like Axe/Lynx’s

new  Find Your Magic (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WySfa7x5q0)

campaign, which embraces the individuality of real, modern men. Since we began

Unstereotype, many other brands have embraced its creative freedom and the

chance to make a deeper connection with the people who buy our products.

Personally, I love the fact that we are able to use the influence of our brands and

our marketing reach to challenge these stereotypes.

But this isn’t just about doing the right thing for society – it’s also the right thing for

our business. When consumers tell us they want fresh, progressive depictions of

men and women, we need to listen. How else can we expect to build meaningful

relationships with them?

Already, progressive advertisements are found to be 25% more effective than

those featuring more traditional portrayals of gender. They also deliver better­

branded impact. So, beneath the vital societal reasons for change, there’s a

compelling business case no brand can afford to ignore.”

Moving an industry - the Unstereotype Alliance
Of course, any single business can

only reach so far in tackling

stereotypes that ail the industry and

society. To make an impact at greater

scale, we need everyone to embrace

it. In 2017, at the Cannes Lions

Festival of Creativity, we joined forces

with UN Women to launch the

 Unstereotype Alliance

2017

Unstereotype

Alliance launched

(http://www.unstereotypealliance.org/), which brings together industry leaders across

creative, marketing and media to take collective, urgent action in eliminating outdated

stereotypes in advertising and driving long­term, positive cultural change.

We believe this is a chance to make a real difference at an industry level – and to

address some of the barriers that limit people’s potential.

“

Stereotypes reﬂect deep-rooted ideas of femininity and

masculinity. Negative, diminished conceptions of

women and girls are one of the greatest barriers for

gender equality and we need to tackle and change

those images wherever they appear. Advertising is a

particularly powerful driver to change perceptions and

impact social norms. UN Women is excited to partner

with the foremost industry shapers in this Alliance to

challenge and advance the ways women are

represented in this ﬁeld.

”

Phumzile Mlambo­Ngcuka, Executive Director of UN Women

Our brands: leading the way on Unstereotype
Through our brands, we have the chance to reach billions of people every day. That

gives us an enormous opportunity to challenge stereotypes – watch how some of our

biggest brands are leading the way.

Brooke Bond #SpeakYourHeart: tackling tensions globally

Beginning with their prize­winning campaign featuring 6 Pack – India’s first

transgender band – Brooke Bond has been spreading the message of inclusiveness,

portraying gender authentically and encouraging people to become more accepting,

break barriers and bond over a cup of tea.  Watch the #SpeakYourHeart

advertisement (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpfop­jFxec).

Dove: #MyBeautyMySay: real women, real stories

Dove’s #MyBeautyMySay campaign features stories of amazing women who stand up

for their own beauty, refusing to let comments about their looks hold them back.

 Find out more about #MyBeautyMySay

(https://www.dove.com/uk/stories/campaigns/my­beauty­my­say.html) or watch the

 video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=inQo43VKJVc).

Sunsilk: Hijab Recharge

A young taekwondo athlete who is also a proud hijab wearer helps Sunsilk continue to

provide unstereotypical role models, with its new range for hijab wearers called Hijab

Recharge. Sunsilk positions her as a source of inspiration, not only for hijab wearers

but also for other girls who want to challenge social norms and craft their own

exploration journey.  See the Sunsilk Hijab video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?

v=uTxsNdCccgk).

Knorr: Love at First Taste

Knorr wanted to reflect how cooking has become much more inclusive and, by doing

so, be relevant, inspirational and progressive. The  Love at First Taste

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwx7NnPQ44U) campaign appealed to millennials

by reflecting the shared love of cooking and portraying men and women cooking for

each other.

Axe #IsItOKForGuys

Men face stereotyping too. Axe seeks to readjust ‘toxic’ portrayals of masculinity and

help liberate men to feel it’s OK to be themselves.  Watch the #IsitOKforGuys

advertisement (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WySfa7x5q0).

Hellmann's: On the side of food

Who are Hellmann's consumers? People who are defined by their passion for food, not

their gender or background.  Watch the Hellmann’s #OnTheSideOfFood

advertisement (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAHOHZrJzKU).

How unpaid work holds women back
Laundry, cooking, cleaning, collecting

water and caring for people – in some

parts of the world, these unpaid tasks

in the home can take up to six hours a

day. They’re the necessities of life and

we should all be responsible for them.

But all too often, they are done

disproportionately by women and

girls. Unpaid work like this is

hampering women’s access to

opportunities outside the home,

holding individuals back and

contributing to the gender gap.

$10t

Potential uplift in

global economic

output ­ if

women’s unpaid

care work

became paid

If women’s unpaid care work were compensated at a rate roughly equal to minimum

wage, this would add about $10 trillion to global economic output (around 13% of

global GDP).  Globally, women spend between two and 10 times longer than men on

1

household chores like laundry, cleaning and cooking, and caring for children and family

members.

So how can we help change this gender norm? We don’t pretend complex issues like

this can be solved by one business, with one initiative. But making people think about

the status quo can be a first step to challenging it, if it isn’t fair. And by putting our

brands at the centre of the change we want to create, we’ll keep building the consumer

trust we need to grow our business.

Unfair & unpaid

Katja Freiwald, our Director of Global Partnerships and Advocacy for Women’s

Empowerment and Livelihoods, explains the potential she sees in rebalancing

unpaid work.

“Personally, the topic of unpaid care work is very present for me, having returned

from maternity leave and trying to balance work and family life. Being a mother

has made me realise that the inequitable distribution of unpaid care and domestic

work is probably linked to the most deeply ingrained social norms in societies

across the world.

There’s enough evidence that addressing this issue will play a big part in

unlocking true economic empowerment for women. For Unilever, unpaid care

work is a priority area given that it directly impacts women every day in our

workplace, supply chain and distribution network, as well as our consumers.

Unilever is taking its responsibility towards its own employees seriously, for

example through progressive diversity and inclusion policies.

What I’m even more excited about is that we’re amplifying the impact through the

power of our brands to address this issue. Particularly, our Home Care brands like

Surf and Sunlight have made this central to their brand purpose.”

Our laundry brand Surf is one example of a brand that has started to address the issue

of unpaid domestic work.

Spotlight

Surf: tackling the norms around unpaid domestic work

In 2017, our Surf brand began a unique three­year partnership with Oxfam. It

aims to expand choices for women and girls by recognising, reducing and

redistributing the amount of time they spend on unpaid care work.

Starting in the Philippines and Zimbabwe, the WE­Care programme seeks to

change the social norms that allocate most of a household’s chores to women.

Communications are key to getting the message across: the programme

involves using different channels as well as face­to­face household visits by

local agents.

At the same time, the programme aims to provide better access to water and

laundry infrastructure, with new or improved communal laundries, household

laundry facilities and water systems or centres.

The programme sets out to reach 70,000 people directly. And millions more

through our communications, which will challenge people to recognise the

impact unpaid care work has on women and girls’ lives, and change norms to

achieve more equal responsibility for unpaid care work.

Unstereotyping our value chain
We’re embedding the idea of unstereotyping throughout our business and value chain.

Given the severity of the barriers to progress these norms present, they have to be

tackled at multiple levels and in a variety of ways. Elsewhere within Opportunities for

women, we describe our work on:

advancing diversity and inclusion (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/advancing­diversity­and­inclusion/), through

which we’re building a stronger business with empowered women, including by

addressing unconscious bias

promoting safety for women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/promoting­safety­for­women/), including by

challenging harmful norms within communities, focusing on the ones we and our

suppliers are operating in

Working with our brands and functions to provide women with access to skills to

enhance their entrepreneurial capabilities and life skills (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/enhancing­entrepreneurial­

life­skills­through­our­brands/)

expanding women’s opportunities in our retail value chain (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/expanding­opportunities­in­

our­retail­value­chain/) to empower them in their communities, showing it is

possible to challenge limiting stereotypes, and to succeed.

1
 The power of parity: How advancing women’s equality can add $12 trillion to global growth

(https://www.mckinsey.com/global­themes/employment­and­growth/how­advancing­womens­equality­can­add­

12­trillion­to­global­growth), McKinsey Global Institute

Main image by Hanna Chriqui, Bangkok, Thailand

Downloads



Opportunities for Women White
Paper
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/unilever­
opportunities­for­
women_tcm244­
500987_en.pdf)



Unlocking Women’s Potential:
our Approach
PDF | 203KB
(/Images/unlocking­womens­
potential_tcm244­
521180_en.pdf)



Previous

Expanding opportunities in our retail value chain

Next 

Advancing diversity & inclusion

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Advancing diversity & inclusion
We want to accelerate progress in equality and women's empowerment

because they are central to our business growth and our social impact.

Building a gender­balanced organisation with a truly inclusive work culture

is a strategic priority.

What does a successful workforce look like?
For a business committed to having a

positive social impact alongside

sustainable growth, building a

genderbalanced workforce is

essential. And wider society cannot

flourish while women lack equal rights

(as recognised in Sustainable

Development Goal 5 on Gender

Equality) and the consequent benefits

these rights bring in terms of access

to education and jobs and the

economic growth this would trigger.

We believe a more diverse and

inclusive workforce can boost

financial performance, reputation,

innovation, and staff motivation – a

belief supported by multiple studies.

As over 70% of the people who buy

our products are women, mirroring

>70%

Of the people who

buy our products are

women

161,000

Employees making and selling

products that are on sale in

over 190 countries

our consumer base in our workforce helps anticipate consumers’ needs.

We’re a culturally diverse company and we're determined to develop an inclusive

culture which respects the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age,

race, disability or sexual orientation. At the end of 2017, 33% of our total workforce

was female and 47%  of our managers were women.

†

#Unstereotype in the workplace & beyond
As well as being vital to the success of our business, we know that advancing diversity

within Unilever plays a part in our wider ambitions to challenge outdated gender norms

throughout our value chain – and contribute to a more prosperous and just society by

empowering women everywhere.

Diversity can only flourish in an environment that welcomes and nurtures it – an

inclusive culture of the kind we want to build. We believe that stereotypes,

unconscious bias, and outdated social norms are the biggest barriers to inclusion – so

our internal #Unstereotype in the Workplace campaign aims to break them down, just

as our #Unstereotype initiative aims to break stereotypes in the way we portray women

and men in our advertising.

We launched #Unstereotype in the Workplace on International Women's Day in March

2017. By June 2017, it had reached 82,000 employees through a campaign that

includes expert panels, films, quizzes and talks by external experts.

Read more about #Unstereotype and how we're challenging harmful gender norms

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­

harmful­gender­norms/).

Diversity: a commitment at the heart of our
business
Our Code of Business Principles applies to every Unilever employee everywhere in the

world. It includes a commitment to diversity and inclusion.



Our Code of Business Principles & Policies

Our Code of Business Principles states that we are “committed to a working

environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunity and where there is

mutual trust, respect for human rights and no discrimination. We will recruit,

employ and promote employees on the sole basis of the qualifications and

abilities needed for the work to be performed.”

Our Code of Business Principles is supported by 24 mandatory Code Policies

that define the ethical behaviour employees must demonstrate when working in

our business. Our Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code Policy sets out

what our employees must do to ensure that all our workplaces maintain our

commitment to diversity. For example Unilever employees must:

Respect the dignity and human rights of colleagues and all others they come

into contact with as part of their jobs; and

Treat everyone fairly and equally, without discrimination on the grounds of

race, age, role, gender, gender identity, colour, religion, country of origin,

sexual orientation, marital status, dependants, disability, social class or

political views. This includes consideration for recruitment, redundancy,

promotion, reward and benefits, training or retirement which must be based

on merit.

See  Our Code of Business Principles and Code Policies (PDF | 5MB)

(/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­

409220_en.pdf)

In addition to company­wide policies, we support our commitment with targets, and

improving female representation in the workforce is linked to the goals of our leaders.

Each country has its own targets, which reflect their particular diversity challenges.

We’ve identified our Supply Chain and Customer Development functions as areas

where we need to give this greater priority. A good example is our ice cream factory in

Turkey, where the efforts of our leadership team have upped the number of women in

the workforce from 26% in 2015 to 40% in 2016.

More details on our policy commitments to diversity and inclusion are included in

Fairness in the workplace (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/). Our

 Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­

report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) also describes our work to address obstacles to

diversity, including discrimination and harassment, in our business and supply chain.

Spotlight

Saudi Vision 2030: a first for blue-collar women

We're creating opportunities for women across our business – including in the

technical or supervisory roles where in some markets they are under­

represented. This allows individuals to flourish and, often, secure higher pay.

And it strengthens our business by widening our talent pool.

In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia women represent 20% of the workforce, but

only 2% are in the industrial sector.

In 2017, 11 female machine operators and one female supervisor joined our

production line in Jeddah making Lifebuoy and Lux liquid soaps. They were the

first local women to join our blue­collar workforce.

"Before joining Unilever, I had a job but it was pretty mundane," says Sahar

Jamaan Alharthi. "Now I feel I have the chance of a career in which I can

develop my skills, gain valuable experience and carve out opportunities for the

future. One day, I would like to maybe move into a supervisor role. I am

ambitious and this could open doors."

Hesham Abdulwahab, HR Director in our Kingdom of Saudi Arabia business,

explains the significance of these appointments. “The move is an important

step in our Saudi Vision 2030. We set this out in 2016 with the aim of

increasing women across our workforce from 22% to 30% – and investing in

their skills development so they can make a full contribution to society and the

economy. Although progress is being made in terms of encouraging women

into the workforce, female unemployment is estimated to be around 30%.

Unilever was the first fast­moving consumer goods company to obtain official

permission from the Labour Office in Saudi Arabia to employ women. At the

time – in 2003 – we recruited mainly into our Marketing and Consumer

Marketing Insight functions. Appointing our first factory workers means gender

diversity has jumped from zero to 8% for blue­collar employees.”

Women leaders
In 2017, women comprised 47%  of

†

our management, up from 38% in

2010. Sustained leadership

accountability and awareness

building, clear targets and

measurement, programmes to recruit,

retain and develop female talent,

internal and external communications

and engagement, and our network of

Diversity and Inclusion Champions

are all part of our overall approach.

47%

Of our

managers are

women

We want to ensure that the representation of women at the most senior levels in our

business keeps increasing. But we still have much to do: among our top 93 executives,

only 22% are women. The Women’s Leadership Development Programme, run by the

INSEAD­Unilever Four Acres Consortium, aims to enhance the leadership skills of our

senior female executives and talented women from other sectors. Since 2012 around

120 of our most senior managers have benefited from the programme.

Our brands also play an active role in supporting women as leaders. In 2017, Pond's

and the Vital Voices Global Partnership launched the  VVLead Fellowship

(https://www.vitalvoices.org/what­we­do/signature­programs/vvlead/), which brings

together women leaders of social change to advance and amplify their work through

collaboration, visibility and training.

Recruiting & retaining the best female talent
We run programmes across the business aimed at attracting, retaining, and

developing female talent. These are based on a global framework and tailored to meet

the needs of individual countries and regions.

Our hiring managers must use 'balanced slates' (which means an equal number of

qualified female and male candidates) to make sure there's a level playing field of

talented people to promote. We’ve designed a range of initiatives to enable both

women and men to reach their full potential. Our agile working policy, for example,

allows people to work anytime, anywhere, as long as business needs are being fully

met.

Changing the face of engineering
Not enough women become engineers – and not enough of our engineers are women.

That's a reality in society and in our workforce – but it’s one that we're working to

change.

Spotlight

We need more women engineers

“Over 2016–2017, we doubled the number of female engineers in our

workforce –but we need to go much further towards true gender balance”

explains Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer. “We’re driving initiatives

across our supply chain to make our culture and workplace more diverse and

inclusive – because it’s vital to our success today and into the future.”

Our partnership with  WomEng (http://womeng.org/) (Women in Engineering)

is a great example of the sort of initiatives we’ve set up. Together, we've run a

series of programmes and events in Mexico, Brazil, Germany, Indonesia and

the UK to raise the profile of engineering careers at Unilever and attract the

new engineers we need to continue to grow as a business.

The WomEng programme is a two­day leadership conference which provides

participants with opportunities to build their professional skills and expand their

network. The events typically include our senior leaders alongside

management trainees from our Future Leaders Programme who lead sessions

as well as providing an insight into real­life engineering at Unilever.

Heather, a second year student who attended the WomENG event at our

Hammond factory in Indiana, US, explains: "I had an incredible experience

being a part of this programme. I learned a ton about networking, mentoring,

and even about the future of Artificial Intelligence, and how best to continue my

journey and become a leader. I enjoyed meeting fellow students and female

leaders from Unilever and WomEng and learning from their experiences and

making connections."

Removing barriers for mothers & fathers

Parenthood shouldn’t be a barrier in

anyone's career. We recognise the

importance of supporting new parents

so that they can continue to contribute

to our business.

Our Maternity and Paternity Support

programme (MAPS) helps employees

make the transition to parenthood as

smoothly as possible. In March 2017

we introduced our Global Maternal

Well­being Standard. This gives

returning mothers access to facilities

that allow them to nurse their baby

and to have all the flexibility they need

to return to the workplace.

16

Our new

worldwide

standard is at

least 16

weeks’ paid

maternity

leave

Among other measures, it entitles all employees to 16 weeks of paid maternity leave

as a minimum. Although our previous entitlements already met local regulatory

requirements, the new Standard is a major advance as in 54% of the countries in

which we operate, it exceeds the local regulatory requirement.

Spotlight

Baby no barrier: a new standard for new mothers

"We’ve come a long way in our support for working mothers" says Aline Santos,

our Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and our Head of Diversity

and Inclusion. "We believe our new Global Maternal Well­being Standard is

industry­leading in terms of helping women in the transition to being a working

mum – and in fostering the diverse business we need to attract and keep the

best talent.

Our Global Standard is already improving support for mothers. For example, it

includes a minimum of 16 weeks paid maternity leave, or the local statutory

minimum – whichever is more favourable.

All mothers returning to work now have access to a variety of flexible options,

such as part­time or agile working and job sharing, based on the requirements

of their role. As we roll out our Global Standard, we'll be increasing the

availability of breastfeeding facilities and ensuring nursing mothers have two

30­minute breaks in the day. And we’ll be enabling sites with over 50 female

employees to provide access to crèche services that are tailored to local

needs.”

Our HR Learning Manager, Abigail Collins is based in the UK. Her job is

learning and development for people in Human Resources across Unilever. “I

returned to work in April 2017, following the birth of my daughter Annabel. My

boss was great at striking the right balance during my year off on maternity

leave, keeping me in the loop and inviting me to things regularly.

"Now I'm back at work, life is busy, but being able to work from home

sometimes is really helpful. My boss trusts me to get the job done, when and

how it works for me. When I turn off my laptop, I can be with my daughter five

minutes later. My childminder is very close to my home, so the time I save by

not commuting is quality time with her.”

Aline and Leena Nair, our Chief HR Officer explain the importance of MAPs

(/news/news­and­features/Feature­article/2017/yeah­baby­we­are­improving­

our­support­for­working­mums.html).

Equal pay for equal work
We believe in paying for performance with clear reward policies and have a

longstanding commitment to equal pay for equal work.

Our compensation structures are intended to be gender neutral, with any pay

differences between employees in similar jobs fairly reflecting levels of individual

performance and skill. In the UK, we published our first  Gender Pay Gap Report

(PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­gender­pay­report­2017­final_tcm244­514178_en.pdf)

at the end of 2017, ahead of the regulatory requirement to publish in April 2018. Our

no discrimination principle is set out as one of five principles in our  Framework for

Fair Compensation (PDF | 449KB) (/Images/unilever­framework­for­fair­compensation­

2015­final_tcm244­502647_en.pdf).

Our commitments to equal pay and to addressing average pay gaps are described in

Fair compensation (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/fair­compensation/), No discrimination in compensation (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/fair­compensation/no­

discrimination­in­compensation/) and our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB)

(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Mentoring & networking

Mentoring provides ongoing feedback and advice on career progression. It can also be

a powerful means to gain confidence and take on more challenging assignments.

Our Global Mentoring Programme aims to help us secure a strong pipeline of talent for

the future and accelerate the readiness of high­potential women for senior leadership

positions. Through this programme our senior leaders act as mentors to top women

who are within around 18 months from their next lateral move or promotion, to

challenge and inspire them as they prepare to take the next step in their career.

Worldwide, over 250 women’s careers have been enriched through this initiative.

We complement our Global Mentoring Programme with mentoring that is tailored to

specific country needs. In Canada for example, we run innovative ‘speed mentoring’

sessions, allowing women to gain valuable career advice from senior Unilever leaders,

while in Nigeria, we partner with Women in Successful Careers (WISCAR) to provide

access to a professional network of successful women leaders. In Sri Lanka, Women­

Inspire­Connect­Empower (WICE) is a networking event covering professional

development for women in management.

Helping men play their part in driving change
Our male employees will be important drivers of the change we want to see. They can

be champions for women in the workplace, and they can model new norms in which

men and women share household and family care duties more equally – enabling both

to progress in their careers.

As part of our efforts to engage our male employees as champions, we are part of the

UN Women’s HeForShe campaign, which encourages men to take action against the

barriers that women face.

In February 2018 we signed up to #MentorHer, a new campaign set up by

 LeanIn.org (https://leanin.org/) that calls on men to mentor women. In the wake of

the #MeToo movement, a survey by LeanIn.Org and SurveyMonkey showed that

almost half of male managers are now uncomfortable participating in common work

activities with women, such as working alone, socialising outside work, or mentoring.

Our former CEO Paul Polman and Chief Marketing & Communications Officer Keith

Weed pledged their support for the campaign and continue to mentor our senior

women leaders.

For more details of how our work on diversity involves men as well as women, see

Challenging harmful gender norms (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­norms/).

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Related links

Downloads

External links



Targets &
performance
(/sustainable­



Human Rights
Report 2017
PDF | 10MB



Unilever´s
Commitment for

HeForShe
(http://www.heforshe.o



Unilever´s
Maternity and
Paternity
Support
Platform
(https://unilever.tt­
access.com/)



INSEAD­
Unilever
Women
Leadership
Programme
(https://www.youtube.
v=q7IpeQO1CMQ)





(/Images/human­
rights­progress­
report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

Gender Pay
Gap Report
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­
gender­pay­
report­2017­
final_tcm244­
514178_en.pdf)

Our Code of
Business
Principles and
Code Policies
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/code­
of­business­
principles­and­
code­
policies_tcm244­
409220_en.pdf)









living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportuniti
for­women/)

Fair
compensation
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/fair­
compensation/)

No
discrimination in
compensation
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/fair­
compensation/no­
discrimination­
in­
compensation/)

Challenging
harmful gender
norms
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportuniti
for­
women/Challenging­
harmful­gender­
norms/)

Enhancing
entrepreneurial
& life skills
through our
brands
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportuniti
for­
women/enhancing­
entrepreneurial­
life­skills­
through­our­
brands/)



Advancing
human rights in
our own

operations
(/sustainable­
living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­
in­the­
workplace/advancing­
human­rights­
in­our­own­
operations/)



Previous

Challenging harmful gender norms

Next 

Promoting safety for women

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Promoting safety for women
Violence and discrimination can blight women’s lives and hold them back

from playing a full part in the workplace, society and the economy. We’re

taking action to improve women’s rights and safety in the communities in

which we operate.

Safe working cultures, stronger communities
We are committed to respecting and

promoting women’s rights, which

includes the right to safety of women

and girls.

Women have the right to be free from

violence, harassment and

discrimination. Removing the barriers

of an unsafe environment can help

women fulfil their potential as

individuals and as contributors to

work, communities and economies.

But the World Health Organization

estimates that about 1 in 3 (35%) of

women worldwide have experienced

either physical and/or sexual intimate

partner violence or non­partner sexual

violence in  their lifetime.

1 in
3

Women have

suffered

physical or

sexual

violence in

their lifetime

2%

Of global

GDP: the

cost of

violence

against

women

(http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs239/en/)  While it’s hard to put a price on

1

the emotional and physical impact of violence on women’s health and well­being,

research suggests the cost of violence against women each year is an estimated 2%

of global GDP – that’s around US$1.5 trillion.

The importance of protecting women’s rights is recognised in the UN’s Sustainable

Development Goals (SDGs), particularly those on Gender Equality (SDG 5) and

Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8).

We’re promoting safety for women in our workplaces and our extended supply chain.

Our aim is to implement policies and processes that women trust, with an emphasis on

addressing the harmful social and cultural norms and behaviours that can leave

women at risk. This is a moral obligation, and we know it is essential if our business is

to maintain the trust and reputation we aspire to.

“

There cannot be real inclusion of women in society if

women are subject to violence and harassment. We

have a duty and opportunity to use our inﬂuence to

expose and drive out intolerable behaviours and work

together to promote a respectful environment.

”

Marcela Manubens, our Global Vice President, Integrated Social

Sustainability

Zero tolerance of harassment



Our key policies

Zero tolerance of any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment, is

embedded in the policies that govern our operations and value chains. These

include our  Code of Business Principles (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­

business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf), our Respect,

Dignity and Fair Treatment Code Policy, our  Responsible Sourcing Policy

(PDF | 9MB) (/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­

504736_en.pdf) and our  Responsible Business Partner Policy (PDF | 3MB)

(/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­

504807_en.pdf).

We continue to revise and evolve our codes in order to address specific forms of

harassment, including policies covering sexual harassment (for example, see

below: Working with unions to prevent sexual harassment), child protection and

violence prevention. Our zero tolerance of discrimination is described further in

Fairness in the workplace (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­

the­workplace/).

Combating violence & discrimination
As well as our wider work in challenging harmful gender norms (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­

norms/) we work closely with partners, including suppliers, to address women’s safety

and combat discrimination. This work is underpinned by our:

policies and codes of conduct

Code of Business Principles compliance and performance management systems

grievance mechanisms, awareness­raising and training.

 
Partnerships to promote women's safety
We work with partners from a wide range of sectors, including government authorities,

UN Women and other UN agencies, women’s organisations, suppliers and others. This

includes our work with the HeForShe movement as a corporate  IMPACT 10x10x10

Champion (http://www.heforshe.org/impact).

A good example of collaboration is our partnership with UN Women EVAW (Ending

Violence Against Women). Announced in December 2016, it’s designed to develop a

human rights­based intervention programme across our tea supply chain.

The programme aims to ensure that women and girls are socially, economically and

politically empowered, which includes freeing them from violence. It began with a

progress review of our women’s safety programme in our tea plantation in Kericho,

Kenya. We then extended it to a supplier partnership in Assam, India in 2017.  



A track record of commitment

1995 Code of Business Principles introduced, containing zero tolerance of

discrimination

2000 Founder member of the UN Global Compact

2011 Endorsed the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

2013 Endorsed the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles

2016 Announced our partnership UN Women EVAW (Ending Violence Against

Women)

2016 Signed agreement with unions IndustriALL and IUF committing to prevent

sexual harassment in the workplace

2017 Established new partnership in Assam with UN Women and our supplier

McLeod Russel to strengthen women’s rights on tea estates

2018 With our support, UN Women created A Global Women’s Safety

Framework in Rural Spaces

A new framework for women’s safety
We took the next step in developing our approach in 2018. As a result of work in

Assam and experience in Kenya, UN Women, with our support, created  A Global

Women’s Safety Framework in Rural Spaces (PDF | 7MB) (/Images/a­global­womens­

safety­framework­in­rural­spaces_tcm244­529405_1_en.pdf). This was published in

December 2018 and will be made available to the global tea industry and other value

chains in 2019. More details can be found in the videos below explaining our work in

Assam and Kenya

A Working in Assam
Women make up half of Assam’s 6 million­strong tea workforce and perform the

crucial, labour­intensive task of plucking tea leaves. But they are too often subjected to

violence and further denied their rights by inadequate, or non­existent, grievance

mechanisms and safe spaces. At the same time, men dominate the better­paid clerical

and managerial positions in the plantations, with promotional opportunities denied to

women. We’ve set up a new partnership to address this violence.

Spotlight

Addressing gender-based violence in Assam

Although we do not own tea estates in Assam, they are a vital part of our

supply chain. In 2017, working with our suppliers, we began a new programme

in Assam’s Udalguri District. Its aim is to prevent and respond to gender­based

violence, including sexual harassment in tea estates and surrounding

communities. Leadership is important in this effort, as our Procurement

Manager Daleram Gulia explains, “Women workers are our most valuable

resource. They are also someone’s daughter, mother or sister. Safety and

feeling safe is a basic human right in a place of work ­ and in all spaces.

Everyone should be treated with respect.”

The partnership between Unilever, UN Women and our supplier McLeod

Russel is part of Unilever’s global partnership with UN Women.

Our current programme in Assam builds on existing initiatives to strengthen

women’s rights in the tea estates, such as mothers clubs and adolescent girls

clubs, and takes a step­by­step approach to include the community. For

example, over 2017−2018 we set up Women Empowerment Clubs (WECs) in

six tea estates, training 76 women on the prevention and response to domestic

violence, civil recourse through national laws, and on sexual harassment in the

workplace. These women are now the change agents in their estates and run

awareness­raising sessions, reaching more than 1,600 women working in the

estates in 2018.

The programme aims to create systemic change by addressing gender

inequality and fostering a multi­stakeholder approach to end gender­based

violence. It helps to create sustained change by promoting favourable social

norms, attitudes and behaviours to prevent violence against women, for

example through comprehensive prevention programmes for elementary school

children in the estates.

This  video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?

v=yx2bS8xnCvs&feature=youtu.be) explains the details of this holistic

approach to addressing gender­based violence.

Experience in Assam will help inform the creation of a sustainable model that

further promotes women’s safety and can be used in other regions and

countries and beyond.

Our Safety for Women & Girls Programme, Kenya
Up to 50,000 people live in our company villages on our tea estate in Kericho, Kenya,

where we employ more than 12,000 permanent workers and 4,000 seasonal workers.

In 2013, we commissioned an extensive independent review following allegations of

sexual harassment there in 2010 and 2013.

We have implemented the review’s recommendations at Kericho and created our

Safety for Women & Girls Programme. It includes expanding and strengthening our

management team and increasing the proportion of female team leaders. We’ve

instituted policies on sexual harassment, child protection, and violence prevention and

management, all developed with the participation of local employees and community

representatives. And we’ve conducted different types of training for management,

employees, village elders and specialised groups such as medical personnel. We’ve

also improved our grievance reporting process with a dedicated, confidential, toll­free

and local language hotline. Once a month, our Friday Safety Talks focus on sexual

harassment and related topics.

“

We’re ensuring that all workers in Kericho – women

and men – know how to report any cases of violence,

harassment, or human rights abuses, and understand

that they’re supported by Unilever and protected by the

law.

”

Winfridah Nyakwara, our Integrated Social Sustainability Manager,

Unilever Africa

UN Women carried out a progress review of this programme as part of our partnership

to develop  A Global Framework on Women’s Safety (PDF | 7MB) (/Images/a­global­

womens­safety­framework­in­rural­spaces_tcm244­529440_en.pdf). They are advising

us on behaviour and social norms change interventions and are working with

smallholder farmers too. This has helped to strengthen our programme and adapt it to

other countries and regions. Learn more in this video.

Breaking the Silence: Women and Girl’s Safety Program……
Breaking the Silence: Women and Girl’s Safety Program

In Kenya, our membership of the Gender Empowerment Platform involves work with

the Sustainable Trade Initiative (IDH) to exchange best practices and share knowledge

with the wider tea industry. We’re also working with the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP),

and our supplier, the Kenya Tea Development Agency (KTDA), which is the largest tea

producer in Kenya with 66 factories and more than half a million smallholder farmers.

Through ETP’s partnership with the KTDA, 1,000 managers, supervisors and

members of staff out of a total KTDA workforce of 9,000 have been trained on stopping

discrimination and harassment.

For more information on our work on safety in Kericho, see Kericho tea estates and

our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­progress­

report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

Working with unions to prevent sexual
harassment
We also work with partners to prevent sexual harassment in our operations. In 2017,

following a joint commitment signed by Unilever, the IUF union and IndustriALL, the

IUF produced a booklet called ‘No Place for Sexual Harassment at Unilever’. This is

designed to help IUF members understand the roles of workers, unions and

management in preventing sexual harassment in the workplace, and is described on

page 38 of our 2017  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­

progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf). We also ran a range of initiatives on our

sites in 2017 to raise awareness and enhance training to combat this issue.

 
Related links

Downloads





Human Rights Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­rights­
progress­report_tcm244­
513973_en.pdf)

A Global Women’s Safety
Framework in Rural Spaces
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/a­global­womens­
safety­framework­in­rural­
spaces_tcm244­
529405_1_en.pdf)



Targets & performance
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)



Kericho Tea Estates
(/sustainable­living/what­
matters­to­you/kericho­tea­
estates.html)



Advancing diversity & inclusion
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/advancing­diversity­
and­inclusion/)



Fairness in the workplace
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)



Previous

Advancing diversity & inclusion

Next 

Enhancing women’s access to training & skills

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

share an interest in a sustainable future.

CONTACT US

 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Enhancing women’s access to training &
skills
We want to help women across our value chain – employees, farmers,

entrepreneurs and consumers – to unlock their full potential. The gains are

big, particularly for women farmers who can increase their yields, enhance

their incomes and provide the sustainable supply of ingredients our

business needs.

Empowering women farmers & strengthening
our supply chain
Farmers need knowledge – and not

just of sustainable agricultural

practices. For smallholder farmers,

skills in business, finance, nutrition,

sanitation, hygiene and a range of

other areas can make a difference to

their own lives and the communities

they live in. But too often, women and

girls are left behind when it comes to

education – so providing them with

access to training and skills is critical

to expanding female participation in

the economy and closing the gender

gap.

Empowering women farmers can

make a significant difference to their

livelihoods and to the wider

communities in which they live.

Women already comprise 43% of the

agricultural workforce, and this

1
proportion is growing.

According to the UN Food and

43%

Of agricultural

workers are

women

30%

Potential uplift in

yields on

women’s farms

– if women have

equality of

access

Agriculture Organization, if women had the same access to land, technology, financial

services, education and markets as men, yields on women’s farms could increase by

as much as 20%–30%.  An uplift that could feed between 100 million and 150 million

2

more people, reducing world hunger by nearly half. So, by helping women gain the

skills they need to unlock their potential, we have the opportunity to achieve a huge

positive social impact.

The business case is clear. Hundreds of thousands of women grow the crops and

commodities that we buy, usually through our suppliers, to make our products.

Investing in the skills of women can strengthen the agricultural supply chains which we

depend on for our ingredients, build trust in our business, and create a sustainable

foundation for our future growth.

Overcoming barriers, creating opportunity
Many smallholder farmers have to tackle challenges ranging from limited knowledge

and credit to poor access to markets. Women farmers can face additional barriers,

often as a result of unhelpful existing customs and stereotypes. The lack of role

models is one barrier, and research shows it’s an important one, as positive role

models can drive change.  For example, women on village councils or on TV or radio,

3

can challenge stereotypes on what is acceptable or typical for women to do.

Another common barrier is training programmes that have traditionally catered for

men. These may be available only at inconvenient times and in the wrong places for

women with childcare and family responsibilities. They may take place in locations that

are unsafe or use learning materials designed with men in mind. At the same time,

limited rights to land ownership may preclude women from raising finance to support

farm investment programmes designed to improve yields and incomes.

Few of the farmers and smallholders in our agricultural supply chain sell directly to us

– we generally buy from suppliers, who buy from the farmers. As a result, we've

developed an approach that enables us to reach women farmers through:

financial support for farmer training programmes, delivered by suppliers and NGOs

premium prices for suppliers who invest in farmer training and provide quality

planting material, such as high­yield seeds

funding for technical solutions that improve productivity and environmental

sustainability

development of financial literacy, hygiene and nutrition training modules with

experts

access to labour­ and time­saving devices such as cook­stoves and clothes

washing equipment.

†
By the end of 2017, we had enabled access to training and skills for 1,175,000

(around 1.2 million) women, of whom around 935,200 were in our extended

agricultural supply chain. Our work to address the barriers facing women more widely

is described in Challenging harmful gender norms (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­norms/).

Spotlight

Leaders, teachers, decision-makers: empowering women
farmers to boost growth

All too often, women farmers miss out on training and support that could help

them boost their yields – and in turn, support the livelihoods of their families

and communities. Among gherkin farmers in India, for example, women do over

half the farming work but receive less than 20% of training in traditional

systems.

What if training was specifically designed to include women farmers – and

training materials showcased local women farmers as decision­makers, leaders

and teachers on the farm? Our partnership with our supplier Marcatus QED

and the Enhancing Livelihoods Fund (which we launched with Oxfam and the

Ford Foundation in 2015) shows what can be achieved when training

programmes aim to empower women.

Using investment from the Enhancing Livelihoods Fund alongside its own

funds, Marcatus QED researched and developed the Marcatus Mobile

Education Platform (MMEP), which aims to increase yields of gherkins in its

Indian supply chain. MMEP features videos of local farmers demonstrating

sustainable agricultural practices in local languages. Research showed that

households participating in the MMEP video programme are seeing an average

20% increase in yields within the first three months. This increase is even

higher for women­led farming families, who saw a 30% increase in their yields.

The Platform is part of Marcatus QED's multi­faceted Responsible Farming

Programme, which aims to reach more than 10,000 smallholder gherkin­

farming families in southern India.

Access to land rights leads to better livelihoods
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization,  while women are a large part

4

of the agricultural workforce, they are often unpaid and can be excluded from sharing

5
the profits of their labour. They tend to have smaller farms that are less productive.

This is because they have less access to resources than men – fewer inputs,

limitations on land ownership and barriers in access to training and financing. In places

where women cannot own the land they work, they can be deterred from investing in

productivity improvements.

We believe land rights are a powerful way to help people develop sustainable

livelihoods. Enhancing land rights in general will empower women, as well as lay the

foundation for other development investments to take root – such as education

programmes, financial services and healthcare.



Land rights are one of our eight salient human rights issues

They are relevant for all aspects of our business, including operational

considerations such as the siting of factories or offices. But it is our extended

supply chain that gives rise to the most opportunity to have a positive impact in

this area, as well as the most risk.

Respect for land rights is part of our overall policy framework, and is one of the

principles of our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 9MB)

(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­final_tcm244­

504736_en.pdf) and our  Responsible Business Partner Policy (PDF | 3MB)

(/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­

504807_en.pdf).

In 2017, with the aid of an external implementation organisation, we created

Global Land Rights Principles and Due Diligence Implementation Guidelines for

our own operations. These will provide enhanced due diligence relating to all

our transactions involving land. We will roll these out to our operations before

extending to our suppliers.

For further details, see our  Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF | 10MB)

(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

1
 Private Sector Engagement with Women’s Economic Empowerment: Lessons Learned from Years of

Practice (PDF | 1MB) (https://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/sites/default/files/research­projects/GBCWEE/RES­0054­

GBCWEE­Report­171123.pdf)

2
 Private Sector Engagement with Women’s Economic Empowerment: Lessons Learned from Years of

Practice (PDF | 1MB) (https://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/sites/default/files/research­projects/GBCWEE/RES­0054­

GBCWEE­Report­171123.pdf)

3
 Leave no one behind: A call to action for gender equality and women’s economic empowerment (http://hlp­

wee.unwomen.org/­/media/hlp%20wee/attachments/reports­toolkits/hlp­wee­report­2016­09­call­to­action­

en.pdf?la=en)

4
 The Role of Women in Agriculture (PDF | 900KB) (http://www.fao.org/docrep/013/am307e/am307e00.pdf)

5
 FAO. 2011. The State of Food and Agriculture 2010–2011. Women in Agriculture: Closing the Gender Gap

for Development (PDF | 3MB) (http://www.fao.org/3/a­i2050e.pdf)

†
Independently assured by PwC (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)



Advancing human rights with suppliers & business partners (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­
rights­with­suppliers­and­business­partners/)



Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­
farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/)



Previous

Promoting safety for women

Next 

Enhancing entrepreneurial & life skills through our brands

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Enhancing entrepreneurial & life skills
through our brands
We’re harnessing the power of our brands to empower women and build

their skills.

Building on our brand connections to empower
women
Our brands play a huge part in

delivering our overall business

commitment to making sustainable

living commonplace. Given that over

70% of our consumers are women,

we need our brands to engage with

them in meaningful ways.

Many of our brands are empowering

and enabling women every day. Our

Beauty & Personal Care brands have

>70%

Of the people who

buy our products are

women

developed sustainable living purposes that help women and girls unlock their potential

by building confidence and enabling access to skills and training. And some brands in

our Home Care Division are aiming to help to recognise, reduce and redistribute the

burden of household chores and unlock women’s time.

We're building on the connection our brands have with women, on the reach and scale

of our business, and on collaborations with a range of partners, through projects and

initiatives that enable women to increase their skills and create new opportunities. We

believe that empowered women will help build stronger economies and fairer societies,

which will be good for our business – and we want women to trust our brands to

support them on their journey.

We do not want our brands to perpetuate unhelpful stereotypes about women – or

men. Our #Unstereotype initiative is challenging us, and our marketing agencies, to

portray women positively and progressively and avoid gender stereotypes. Our

expansion of #Unstereotype in 2017 – and our work in mobilising other businesses in

this area – is described in Challenging harmful gender norms (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/Challenging­harmful­gender­

norms/).

Spotlight

Pond's & Vital Voices: dare to change the world

Around the world, women are finding innovative ways to tackle the social,

human rights and environmental challenges that face every society. They're

daring to make a difference through their values – often in the face of adversity

– and we want to strengthen and inspire them.

That's why in 2017, Pond’s partnered with the women’s organisation Vital

Voices to launch a leadership skills­based fellowship programme. It aims to

encourage women to grow and lead with values which challenge the

conventional definitions of strength. The VVLead Fellowship aims to equip the

next generation of changemakers with the skills and confidence to lead with a

new vision of strength.

The curriculum is built around research that shows the qualities of a modern

leader include vulnerability, empathy, collaboration, flexibility and patience.

While such values have not traditionally been associated with leadership, they

1
have been shown to be key to leading effectively.

In its first year, 50 female leaders of mission­driven companies and

organisations have participated in the Fellowship, benefiting from webinars,

forum discussions, in­person summits and virtual mentorship to grow the

participants’ initiatives.

Baiqu Gonkar, from Art Represent in the UK, described the Fellowship's first

global summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, in June 2017. "I felt empowered,

connected and motivated. We can only do so much alone; in order to drive real

change in the world, we have to find allies and work together. Since our

meeting, all the fellows and ambassadors have kept in touch. What’s more,

we’re working together to drive the change we wish to see in the world.”

Read more about the  Vital Voices Fellows (https://www.vitalvoices.org/what­

we­do/signature­programs/vvlead/).

Dove's mission to increase confidence
Body confidence and self­esteem

matter: our research shows they can

have an impact on the decisions

people take and the way they act. In

2017, our Dove Global Beauty and

Confidence report found that 5 in 10

women and 7 in 10 girls have not

been assertive in their opinion or

stuck to a decision, in part because of

self­esteem about their looks.

29m

Young people in

140 countries

reached via

Dove Self­

Esteem Project

Our Dove Self­Esteem Project

(/sustainable­living/improving­health­

and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/building­body­confidence­and­self­esteem/) helps

young girls build body confidence and strengthen their self­worth. We have helped

around 29 million young people across 140 countries with self­esteem education over

2005­2017. And we’re aiming to reach 40 million by 2020.

As part of this, Dove's partnership with the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl

Scouts (WAGGGS) has created a programme called ‘ Free Being Me (http://free­

being­me.com/)’, which helps young girls see that their opinions and views matter and

can make a difference. This  short film (https://youtu.be/M1FawEtjcLo) explains

more about the Dove WAGGGS partnership.



Key findings from the 2017 Dove Global Girls Beauty and
Confidence Report

When girls don’t feel good about the way they look

8 in 10: Avoid seeing friends and family or trying out for a team or club

7 in 10: Stop themselves from eating or otherwise put their health at risk

7 in 10: Will not be assertive in their opinion or stick to their decision

Read more in Building body confidence & self­esteem (/sustainable­living/improving­

health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/building­body­confidence­and­self­esteem/).

Connecting job seekers with the skills they need
Youth unemployment is one of the

biggest paradoxes of modern times:

even though more young people are

going into tertiary education than ever

before, they’re three times more likely

to face unemployment than previous

generations.

This trend is particularly acute in

developing countries, home to 85% of

the world’s youth population  – two­

2

thirds of whom do not have a formal

job. There is a widening gulf

85%

Of the world’s

youth live in

developing

countries. 2/3 of

them are jobless

separating what employers need and what’s available in the market.

Simply put, the skills and knowledge young people are working so hard to gain aren’t

enough to secure a job. Millions of young people are seeking opportunities to better

their lives by improving their employability and rising above social limitations. But they

are often held back by a lack of confidence and skills to achieve the brighter future

they seek.

In response, in 2015 our Radiant laundry brand launched its Academies of Shine in all

its key markets. The Academies aim to upskill people and give them the confidence to

shine.

Through teaching these livelihood skills, the Academies bring to life Radiant’s brand

purpose of fostering social mobility: helping progress­seekers improve their

employability and increase their income potential through the right skills, confidence

and bright clothes. And they support the aims of Sustainable Development Goal 4 on

Quality Education, particularly SDG 4.4 which seeks to increase the numbers of young

people and adults who have relevant skills (including technical and vocational skills)

for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship.

Radiant is also known as Rin, Brilhante, Omo and Surf, giving rise to programmes

such as the Rin Career Ready Academy in India and Bangladesh, Escola Brilhante in

Brazil, Omo Bright Future Academy in Thailand and the Surf School of Shine in South

Africa. Each is tailored to the specific needs and culture of the country.

Spotlight

Academies of Shine in action

In Brazil, our Brilhante laundry brand found that 70% of women want to start

their own business – as it’s seen as one of the best chances for women to

provide for their children and pay for their education. But we also learnt that

only 7% of women feel they have the confidence and skills to do so.

Fear of failure is a major cause of this hesitation. To combat this, we set up

 Escola Brilhante (https://www.escoladevoce.com.br/escolabrilhante) (The

Academy of Shine), an online women's entrepreneurship programme which

includes a micro­finance helpline. Women can learn business skills and build

their confidence in as little as five minutes a day through free courses. In 2017,

Escola Brilhante supported nearly 35,000 women. After the programme, 98%

say they will start their own business – up from 74% before they started.

In India, the  Rin Career Ready Academy (https://www.rin.in/) connects new

joiners with alumni, giving joiners the chance to practise English, be mentored

or take part in career fairs. In rural areas, we tackled the lack of access to

technology by delivering training through an interactive voice recorder that’s

available via any feature phone. And to make the experience a more social

one, we created a mobile conferencing facility so students can practise English

by speaking to other participants and a teacher.

In Thailand, professions such as accountancy, engineering or medical services

typically require advanced English­speaking skills, which are not common. So

Omo’s Bright Future Academy makes short, fun English language modules,

which are accessible to aspiring Thais through YouTube and Facebook. Longer,

in­depth modules are available on DVD, and are sold with packs of Omo. And

we work with supermarket Tesco each year during back­to­school weeks to

promote the programme in­store.

This is not only proving good for the people who enrol in the training, it’s good

for business too. Radiant remains our fastest­growing laundry brand in very

competitive markets. And we’ve seen particularly strong sales in the countries

where the Academies are most advanced – Brazil, India and Thailand. In India,

the number of people who see Rin as trustworthy is up by 19%, while in Brazil

90% would recommend Brilhante to others.

But it’s not only our Home Care brands that are helping women develop their careers.

A number of our Beauty and Personal Care brands are looking at how they can

connect women to new horizons too.

TRESemmé: connecting millennials to career
advice
In 2016 and 2017, our hair care brand TRESemmé partnered with  LEVO

(https://www.levo.com/), the fastest­growing network for millennials in the workplace.

LEVO provides young professionals with the resources to help them navigate and

advance their careers. Through this partnership, TRESemmé has democratised the

tools and resources to help millennial women equip themselves with ‘presence’ in the

workplace.

TRESemmé co­created resources in collaboration with industry experts, offering them

free of charge to women around the world via the LEVO website. In addition, through

our partnership with LEVO, we ran offline workshops and seminars across the US, UK

and Canada. These enabled working millennial women to access the networks and

support systems they need to sustain their professional presence as they move ahead

in their careers.

TRESemmé is also partnering with TIME Inc and Marie Claire in the UK in 2018 to

give readers the hints and tips to make their presence count and #BeYourOwnPro. The

partnership will reach around 3.5 million women across the UK through Marie Claire’s

print and online platforms.

Fair & Lovely: connecting women to opportunity
Full access to career guidance, education and skills that boost employability – these

are all essential to empowering women. That's especially true where socio­cultural,

infrastructural or economic barriers stand in women's way. Barriers such as gender

stereotyping, safety concerns about studying outside the home or harmful norms about

household responsibilities.

Our Fair & Lovely Foundation's Online Training initiative aims to overcome many of

these barriers by improving access to quality career guidance, education and skills –

delivered to women through their mobile phones.

It was launched in January 2017 to offer a curated selection of courses and resources

on a mobile­friendly, online platform. The courses are chosen from well regarded, high­

quality digital education providers such as edX.org (which was founded by Harvard

and MIT). The platform is designed to help women discover the potential of online

education and encourage them to enrol in a career guidance module and online

courses. In its first nine months, around 76,000 women had registered on the  Fair &

Lovely Foundation website (https://www.fairandlovelyfoundation.in/).

Sunsilk: connecting young women to wider
horizons
In Brazil, Sunsilk has taken a similar approach and is seeking to open up possibilities

for young women through the idea of ‘horizon stretching’ – showing them that they

have access to opportunities beyond those their immediate surroundings might

provide.

Due to adverse social norms, often girls and women find themselves with fewer

education and employment opportunities than boys and men. This means that women

and girls sometimes have a limited view of their own future, which can hold them back

from realising their full potential.  This is particularly true for girls from the Brazil’s

favelas (slums). 

In 2017, Sunsilk put this thinking into action in a new partnership with non­profit Plano

de Menina, where we co­created the “#JuntasArrasamos” (#TogetherWeRock)

programme. This pilot programme aims to build a sisterhood between girls to support

each other as they think about expanding their horizons through inspiration and tools.

Juntas Arrasamos’s digital and face­to­face programme covers topics such as

personal development, self­esteem and personal finance and profiles aspirational role

models, as well as offering a support network.

Dermalogica: connecting women to financial
independence
FITE – Financial Independence Through Entrepreneurship – helps women

entrepreneurs start or grow a business by giving them access to education and skills.

FITE was started in 2010 by the founder of skincare brand Dermalogica, Jane

Wurwand. Since then, it has helped support over 90,000 women to start and grow

businesses and given scholarships to over 40 girls – who are the first in their family to

attend school – across 10 emerging countries.

In 2017, the programme ran the first FITE Entrepreneur Accelerator, with an online

course for salon entrepreneurs to fill the business skills gap in the beauty salon

industry. Co­created with Santa Monica College in the US, the web­based learning

platform and community offers a comprehensive curriculum to help take their business

to scale. It’s available free of charge for the industry by application. See  FITE

(http://www.dermalogica.co.uk/social­impact/social­impact,en_GB,pg.html) to find out

more and  hear the stories of some of its entrepreneurs

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj3nmO_zIdU).

1
 The Athena Doctrine: How Women (and the Men Who Think Like Them) Will Rule the Future

2
 http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/publications/publications­a­z/455­youth­and­the­state­of­the­world

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)



Expanding opportunities in our value chain (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/expanding­opportunities­in­our­retail­
value­chain/)



Enhancing women’s access to training & skills (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/enhancing­womens­access­to­training­
skills/)



Previous

Enhancing women’s access to training & skills

Next 

Expanding opportunities in our retail value chain

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Opportunities for women

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Expanding opportunities in our retail value
chain
Empowered women play a vital role in reaching our consumers and

enabling our business to grow. By building skills among our small­scale

distributors and retailers, we're creating new opportunities for women while

strengthening our business.

Why helping women is good for business
Our products reach consumers

through around 25 million stores in

more than 190 countries, as well as

through direct sales from micro­

entrepreneurs. We know that millions

of women work in this network, and

that women own or operate 30–40%

of the outlets in what is known as

'traditional trade' – the mom­and­pop

shops, corner stores, kiosks, open

market stalls and street carts that are

vital to our sales in developing

markets.

25m

Stores sell our

products in more

than 190

countries

We want to help women in our distribution network address the factors that can hold

them back – such as a lack of training and skills, lack of childcare or social attitudes –

while improving their access to markets, information and financing. We do this directly,

or in partnership with civil society organisations, governments or financial institutions.

Research shows that by narrowing

the gender gap in employment in

emerging markets, income per capita

could rise by as much as 20% by

2030.  By creating opportunities for

1

employment and entrepreneurship,

and addressing gender barriers, we

can help women grow their

businesses and gain greater control

over their incomes. At the same time,

they're helping us build stronger

supply chains, distribution networks

and markets as part of our drive to

20%

Potential

increase in

income if gender

gaps in

employment are

addressed

create a truly inclusive business

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­scale­

retailers­for­growth/).

Spotlight

Kabisig: supporting women store-owners, building our
sales

In the Philippines, more than 90% of all retail outlets are small, ‘mom and pop’

style stores at the heart of their communities – and nine out of ten of them are

owned by women.

These stores – also known as 'sari­sari' – play a vital role in bringing our

products to consumers. But because they are not part of a group or chain, they

often don’t benefit from training or development and they can lack access to

business skills and information. Helping these entrepreneurs unlock their

potential boosts their businesses and gives us an opportunity to reach more

consumers with our brands. A key element of Kabisig lies in making

connections between us and our retailers, but also among retailers themselves.

The programme is run alongside our Super!Store initiative which works with

bigger, established stores who each act as wholesalers for up to 120 Kabisig

partners.

Our Kabisig programme brings store owners together with our distributors at

Kabisig Summits, where they learn skills such as stock control, financial

management, sales techniques and customer service. Since it began at scale

in 2016, Kabisig has enhanced the skills and training of over 83,000 women

store­owners, and helped around 24,000 people set up new businesses. At the

same time, our sales volume in participating Super!Stores has grown by 12% –

7% higher than stores that have not been through the programme.

Read more about Kabisig and other programmes aimed at Empowering small­

scale retailers for growth (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/empowering­small­scale­retailers­for­growth/).

New business models, new women
entrepreneurs, new opportunities
As well as working to enhance the businesses of women within existing retail

networks, we've created new distribution models, especially in developing countries.

These enable women to use their entrepreneurial spirit and the skills learnt in their

training to reach consumers in novel ways – increasing our sales while enhancing their

incomes.

By recruiting, training and supporting women as independent sales agents, we can

empower them to generate new business. It’s a big opportunity, for us as well as them.

Billions of people live in hard­to­reach rural areas, or in cities with limited retail

infrastructure, and connecting these consumers with our brands is vital to our business

growth.

We've developed a range of new distribution models which support sales agents in a

variety of ways including extended credit, marketing, sales and accounting training and

sometimes equipment. And by offering the new lines across our portfolio of brands, we

can also help women­owned outlets stock a more diverse range of products – to

attract more customers to their shops.

Shakti – empowered women reaching consumers
Our best­known distribution model is

Shakti, our door­to­door selling

operation in India which began in

2001. In 2017, it provided work for

nearly 75,000 women in low­income

rural communities. Shakti means

'power' or 'empowered', and the

programme's success has brought a

new level of respect for many women,

who are known as Shakti ‘ammas’ or

75,000

Women in our Shakti

network in India

‘mothers’, especially in communities where the norm was traditionally for men to be

responsible for any sort of commercial enterprise.

Shakti entrepreneurs distribute our brands in many thousands of villages across India.

We provide training on basic accounting, sales, health and hygiene and relevant IT

skills. We also equip them with smartphones containing a mini Enterprise Resource

Package to help them run their business efficiently. The initiative expanded in 2010 to

include Shaktimaans, typically the husbands or brothers of ammas, who sell Unilever

products by bicycle to surrounding villages.

We asked Kantar Public to look at the impact of Shakti in four states (Karnataka,

Maharashtra, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh). Completed in 2017, the analysis showed that

the opportunity to earn an income was the biggest motivation in prompting women to

join the initiative, and that most of them had not been employed before. They felt that

Shakti enhanced their monthly income, leading to an increase in spending capacity,

and also improved their financial decision­making abilities.

The programme helped to increase their confidence, self­esteem, negotiating skills,

communication and engagement capabilities, and supported the development of an

entrepreneurial mind­set needed to run a business. Building good communication skills

is crucial: many of the women said they lacked confidence to speak to customers. But

once they’d gained this confidence, customers said the Shakti ammas’ explanation of

product benefits motivated them to try and buy our products.

“

My contacts have increased. I was not social but now I

speak to many ladies and I share information with

them as well. Now people know me. I have an identity

in society. We normally can’t go out but because of this

programme, I can go out now. I get to know many

people. It’s like a designation to me in society. My

credibility has increased in society. People know me

now.

”

Shakti amma, Maharashtra

Shakti has become our model to reach out to rural consumers on low incomes in

developing and emerging markets – and we’re adapting it at scale for other countries.

We’ve launched related programmes in many more countries, such as Ethiopia, Sri

Lanka, Pakistan, Haiti and Colombia. In Nigeria, our Gbemiga programme

incorporates our Shakti model along with nutrition and hygiene education, using an

innovative mobile platform to encourage long­term behaviour change and reaching

around 2,200 women in 2017.

Spotlight

Guddi Baji: building knowledge, confidence & sales in
Pakistan

Farah Qadri, our Project Manager of Guddi Baji, explains: “Guddi Baji shows it

is possible to create opportunities in rural areas where women face many

challenges. The programme began in 2012, when it trained rural women to

become beauticians, which is a service and a career that is sought in many

villages.

In 2015, we enhanced it by looking for ambitious women retailers with small

‘hole­in­a­wall’ shops that could sell our products. Today, the programme

recruits entrepreneurs and supports them in running shops from their own

homes, where they make an income selling our brands.

Some of these women live impoverished lives and are the sole breadwinners in

male­dominated societies. Many have become a symbol of advice in rural

areas – with a real impact in terms of boosting their confidence and self­

esteem. And we’ve seen that female shoppers who would hesitate to deal with

a male shopkeeper are now happy to buy from a woman shopkeeper.

By September 2017, Guddi Baji had trained 1,015 women, refurbished their

home shops and helped them with sales and marketing. Guddi Baji

entrepreneurs are increasing their disposable income. Using these well trained

and well stocked retailers has lowered the risk of shops selling counterfeit

products, a common problem in many areas. And armed with a good

knowledge of our products and how to use them correctly, Guddi Baji sales and

the reputation of our brands have flourished. The network is now reaching

nearly 350,000 customers and is providing a substantial uplift in our sales

growth.

We’ve also started a collaboration with Women’s World Banking and Jazz

Mobile to promote financial inclusion for Guddi Baji retailers, as around 50

million women in the country don’t have access to bank accounts. Through this

partnership, we’re aiming to develop a network of JazzCash Guddi Baji retail

agents who can offer access to financial services for their customers.

Water Centres: saving time & supporting skills in
Nigeria
Over 2014–2017 we’ve created 18

Water Centres in Nigeria through our

Home Care brands, in partnership

with Oxfam and TechnoServe.

The Water Centres alleviate the

burden of collecting water. In sub­

Saharan Africa alone, around 40

40bn

Working hours lost

a year to collecting

water in sub­

billion working hours are lost every

year just to the daily task of collecting

water for household use. The brunt of

this is borne by women who often

walk many miles each day just to pick

up their supplies, which are frequently of poor quality.

Saharan Africa

Run by women from the community, our Centres provide clean water for domestic

activities. We train local women to run them – which gives them the skills, experience

and opportunity to generate an income. Water is sold at an affordable cost, as are food

and household products.

Selling household and laundry products has been a key component of making the

Water Centres sustainable. All proceeds go towards the management of the Centres.

At the same time, we provide education on the responsible use of water to help people

get the most out of what’s available. Read more in Smart solutions for a water­scarce

future (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/water­smart­

products­for­water­stressed­living/).

1
 Private Sector Engagement with Women’s Economic Empowerment: Lessons Learned from Years of

Practice (PDF | 1MB) (https://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/sites/default/files/research­projects/GBCWEE/RES­0054­

GBCWEE­Report­171123.pdf)

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)



Smart solutions for a water­scarce future (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/water­use/water­smart­products­for­water­stressed­
living/)



Empowering small­scale retailers for growth (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­scale­retailers­for­growth/)



Previous

Enhancing entrepreneurial & life skills through our brands

Next 

Challenging harmful gender norms

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Inclusive business 

Millions of people help source, make and sell our products. We want to help them unlock even more 
of their potential – so they can support themselves, their communities and our business.  

Building connections, removing barriers 
There's a story behind every one of our products – the story of the people who make them possible. 
The people in our factories and sites who make our brands play a crucial part. But beyond our walls, 
there is a network of millions more, from the smallholder farmers in our extended supply chain, to the 
retailers and entrepreneurs who bring our brands to new and existing consumers.   

All over the world, we rely on and support the people who contribute to our success. We have strong 
connections with them already and we want to make them even stronger. By helping to remove the 
barriers to growth faced by the people in our value chain, we aim to help them grow and thrive. 

Unlocking the potential of millions  
Through technology, training, increased access to markets and better ways of working, we believe we 
can help millions of people unlock their potential and, in the process, contribute to the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals including No Poverty (SDG1), and Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG8).  

Making our organisation more inclusive also makes strong business sense. It helps to secure our 
essential raw materials, expands the markets for our products and increases the resilience of our 
business model in an uncertain world.  

Our strategy  
We aim to contribute to economic wellbeing through wealth creation, employment, improving skills 
and providing access to markets – creating a virtuous cycle of growth that both drives, and is driven, 
by our business.   

We aim to make our approach holistic and integrated with the business, because we recognise that 
social, environmental and commercial progress are all interconnected. We know that smallholder 
farmers, for instance, often lack access to markets, to financial support, and to information and 
training. They can also be held back by poor diet, gender inequalities and health problems, including 
those caused by inadequate sanitation.   

Our programmes and partnerships aimed at helping smallholders, bring in elements from across our 
Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, including promoting sustainable agriculture practices, empowering 
women, advancing human rights and fairness in the workplace, and improving health & hygiene and 
nutrition.  

Similarly, our work with small-scale retailers and entrepreneurs in our distribution network focuses on 
helping them build their capacity and addressing the barriers that currently hold them back, such as 
limited market information, access to credit, and a lack of business or financial management skills. By 
tackling these obstacles to growth, we create further ways to have a positive social impact – such as 
by expanding opportunities for women in our value chain.  

OUR COMMITMENT  
By 2020, we will have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people by improving the livelihoods 
of smallholder farmers, and the incomes of small-scale retailers, and by increasing the participation of 
young entrepreneurs in our value chain.  

1 

 
 
 
 
PROGRESS TO DATE  
In 2017, we enabled around 716,000† smallholder farmers and 1.6 million small-scale retailers to 
access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices or increase their incomes.Ж Φ  

† Independently assured by PwC.  
Ж Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017.   
Φ Measured 1 October – 30 September.  

FUTURE CHALLENGES  
While we have made good progress in improving the agriculture practices of many of our smallholder 
farmers through certification programmes, the challenge is to provide proof of impact that extends 
beyond agricultural practices, in areas such as health and nutrition, which can act as barriers to 
improved livelihoods. These issues must be addressed holistically and systematically. That's why we 
are working with a wide range of partners to improve the systems and infrastructure in which 
smallholders operate.  

Similarly, for small-scale retailers, our ambition is to increase their incomes through our programmes 
such as Shakti and Kabisig Summits. We have evidence that our sales increase through such 
initiatives but there is more work to be done to quantify the impact on small-scale retailer incomes. It 
is our aim to capture this information as part of our new small-scale retailer learning platform.   

2 

 
Targets & performance  

As part of the Inclusive Business pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set ambitious 
targets to create a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people.  

Our Commitment 

By 2020, we will have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people, by improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, 
improving the incomes of small-scale retailers and increasing the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain. 

OUR PERFORMANCE 

In 2017, we enabled around 716,000† smallholder farmers and 1.6 million small-scale retailers to access initiatives aiming 
to improve their agricultural practices or increase their incomes.Ж Φ 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We have enabled around 1.6 million small-scale retailers in our distribution network to access initiatives aiming to increase their 
incomes, principally through Perfect Store, Kabisig Summits in the Philippines and Shakti in India and Nigeria. We do not report 
all small-scale retailer initiatives due to data availability and quality issues.   

Through our commitment to sourcing sustainably – in particular cocoa, tea, palm oil, vanilla and vegetables – we are 
strengthening smallholder farming and making good progress towards our 2020 target. By working with our suppliers and 
partners, we have enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural 
practices. 

† Independently assured by PwC.  
Ж Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017.  
Φ Measured 1 October – 30 September. 

Achieved 0        

On-Plan 2    

Off-Plan 2           % of target achieved 0 

Our targets 

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. 

Improve livelihoods of smallholder farmers 

Our goal is to engage with at least 500,000 smallholder farmers in our supply network. We will help them improve their 
agricultural practices and thus enable them to become more competitive. By doing so we will improve the quality of their 
livelihoods. 

In 2017, we enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural 
practices.† 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
We continue to roll out programmes aiming to improve the agricultural practices of smallholder farmers. New initiatives reported 
this year include the Black Soy Bean Bango Initiative in Indonesia and smallholder tea farmer certification in Sri Lanka.  

Through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders improve their yields and increase the quality and consistency of 
the crops they grow. That gives them the platform to increase their incomes, while giving us the visibility and resilience we need 
to achieve a truly sustainable supply chain.  

Improving yield and quality is only part of the story. Smallholder farmers often lack access to markets, financial support, and 
information and training. Without them, their growth is constrained which can mean missed opportunities for yields and quality. 
Other factors can also hold them back, such as poor diet, gender inequality and health problems caused by inadequate 
sanitation. That’s why we’re also working with a wide range of partners, such as the Global Alliance of Improved Nutrition, to 
tackle these issues and give smallholders the best possible chance to thrive. 

† Independently assured by PwC. 

Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods 

3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Improve incomes of small-scale retailers 

We will create and improve the incomes of 5 million small-scale retailers in our distribution network. 

We have enabled around 1.6 million small-scale retailers in our distribution network to access our Perfect Store initiative, 
as well as other programmes such as the Shakti initiative and Kabisig Summits. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
The number of small-scale retailers accessing initiatives increased slightly in 2017 to 1.6 million, principally through the 
continued roll-out of our Kabisig Summits in the Philippines and Shakti programme in India and Nigeria.   

We have been developing our approach to ensure we are enabling as many small-scale retailers as possible to access training, 
and not just those served through our Perfect Store initiative.   

We expect progress against this target to accelerate from next year as we will be bringing all training modules together into a 
fully integrated, certified small-scale retailer learning platform. It will track the number of small-scale retailers who access 
training, including financial literacy and basic training on hygiene, sanitation and nutrition to meet their shoppers’ needs better, 
as well as improving their own families’ livelihoods.   

Empowering small-scale retailers for growth 

Increase the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain 

We will increase the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain. 

We will train and enable young people to participate in the agricultural business sector globally and in the distribution channels 
of our brands to market. 

We continue to help young people through our agricultural supply chain and distribution channels. 

OUR PERSPECTIVE 
Since 2014, we have been working to bring more young entrepreneurs into our value chain, principally through our inclusive 
business programmes in developing and emerging markets.  

One example is Safeer, a small-scale retailer initiative in Egypt. It aims to recruit and train young people to support the 
distribution of Unilever products in the top 1,000 villages in Egypt, which otherwise would be too expensive for the Unilever 
salesforce to reach. Similarly, Unilever Bangladesh has pioneered an initiative to recruit unemployed young people to help sell 
our brands across rural regions of Bangladesh where there is no direct coverage.   

Our smallholder farmer programmes also support young people, such as those growing vanilla in Madagascar. In partnership 
with Symrise, Save the Children and the federal development agency GIZ, we are working to break the inter-generational 
transfer of poverty through agricultural training and education. Through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders 
improve their yields and increase the quality and consistency of the crops they grow.  

Helping young entrepreneurs  

4 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Inclusive business

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Connecting with smallholder farmers to
enhance livelihoods
We're building stronger, closer connections to the smallholder farmers who

supply our business with essential agricultural raw materials – providing

them, and us, with the foundation for future growth.

Time for change
What does it mean to be a smallholder farmer in the 21st century? And what will it

mean to the next generation and the one after that?

Today, an estimated 450 million people earn most of their income by working on their

family smallholding. With their wealth of collective experience and knowledge of local

conditions they play a vital role in feeding the planet, producing around 70% of the

world's food.

But smallholders often face barriers that prevent them unlocking their full potential,

both in terms of their yields, and their livelihoods. Despite their contribution to the

global food system, many smallholders themselves live in poverty, and deal with

chronic food insecurity and malnutrition. For too many, a life of continuous toil does not

currently provide a sustainable livelihood and an unexpected drought or family

bereavement can make this even harder to achieve.

The system needs to change. And with the world needing to feed 8.5 billion people by

2030, the time to act is now.

Change won't be easy. But we believe it will create enormous opportunities for

smallholder farmers, for the world's food systems, and for our business.

Feeding the future and securing our growth
Creating a sustainable future for smallholders – one in which their incomes and living

standards rise, so that current and future generations see smallholding as viable and

attractive – will be key to feeding the world's growing population.

Our future success will depend on theirs. We rely on smallholders for a sustainable

supply of some of our most important ingredients, including tea, palm oil, vegetables,

cocoa and vanilla.

By strengthening our connections to smallholders and helping them flourish, we will

make our supply of sustainably sourced ingredients more secure and more

transparent, so it can continue to help us grow.

Helping transform smallholder farming will also be key to achieving the ambitions of

our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and play a vital part in contributing to the UN's

Sustainable Development Goals, especially No Poverty (SDG1) and Decent Work and

Economic Growth (SDG8). In turn, stronger and more sustainable smallholder

communities will increase the resilience of our supply chain and strengthen the trust

that our consumers have in our brands.

Committed to change and aware of the
challenges
We're committed to improving the yields and livelihoods of smallholder farmers and

their communities, and we have a clear business interest in achieving it.

We know that the challenges faced by smallholders are complex and diverse, often

requiring holistic solutions. Not only does every crop and region have its own dynamic

and context, but each individual smallholder faces a unique set of conditions. We work

directly with around 30,000 smallholders, while through our suppliers we're connected

to around 700,000 more, mostly smallholder tea farmers in Africa.

Tackling the barriers
Smallholder farmers often lack access to markets, to financial support, and to

information and training. Without them, they are constrained when it comes to

investing in their farms. Their choices of when, how, and what to grow are also

constrained – which can mean missed opportunities for improved yields and quality.

But many other factors can also hold them back – such as lack of income

diversification, poor diet, gender inequalities and health problems, including those

caused by inadequate sanitation.

These barriers must be addressed holistically and systematically. We're working with a

wide range of partners to improve the systems and infrastructure in which smallholders

operate, for example through collaborating on improved regulatory, market and

financial processes.

And through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders improve their yields

and increase the quality and consistency of the crops they grow. That gives them the

platform to increase their incomes, while giving us the visibility and resilience we need

to achieve a truly sustainable supply chain.

At the same time, we're strengthening our connections with smallholders, so we can

support them in areas like health, nutrition, and education, as well as training,

professionalisation and sustainable agricultural methods.

Digitally connected: improving agricultural
practices
One way we're helping to improve agricultural practices in Indonesia is through the

 mFarmer digital platform (http://mfarmer.co/), developed by Unilever and GrowAsia.

It gives smallholders access to mobile content which is free of data charges, to help

them make better farming decisions and become more sustainable in their practices.

For instance, it includes courses to help smallholder farmers better understand palm

oil RSPO standards and the certification process.

Accessed via Free Basics by Facebook on the Indosat network, the content includes

weather data and assessment information to help improve productivity and yields,

along with communication tools to connect with cooperatives and other farmers.

We piloted mFarmer in January 2017 with independent smallholders in two Indonesian

villages, to experiment with various elements of the system and test the user

experience. This user acceptance test proved very successful, reaching nearly 22,000

farmers over three weeks via social networking.

The ‘digital first’ approach of mFarmer significantly reduces cost per contact in

reaching smallholder farmers. We are now starting to deploy mFarmer in our supply

chain, with plans to expand into other markets and crops.

Spotlight

Strengthening smallholder communities in Madagascar

Helping smallholder farmers and their communities increase yields sustainably

is key to our strategy. But our programmes increasingly address other barriers

to smallholders' growth too.

In Madagascar, our strategic alliance (/news/press­releases/2016/Unilever­

support­vanilla­farming­communities­in­Madagascar.html) with our supplier

Symrise, the German Development Agency GIZ and NGO Save the Children

aims to improve livelihoods by supporting vanilla smallholders and the wider

community. The development partnership is supported through the

develoPPP.de programme of the German Federal Ministry for Economic

Cooperation and Development (BMZ).

The partnership aims to reach 40,000 people in 10,000 households in the Sava

Region by 2019 by increasing access to fair financial services, providing

community education on health, hygiene and child protection, as well as

helping farmers improve their agricultural and business skills.

By the end of December 2017, the programme had reached around

35,000 people in over 7,000 households, including around 6,000 smallholder

farmers who had accessed agricultural training.

An inclusive approach across the USLP
Our holistic approach recognises that social, environmental and commercial progress

are all interconnected. This relationship is reflected across other sections of this report.

As the examples on our interactive map (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­

livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/) show, closer relationships with

smallholders enable projects that advance sustainable agriculture practices, increase

yields and reduce environmental impacts such as deforestation. All of these are central

to our ambitions on sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/).

They also help us promote human rights (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­and­

business­partners/) and empower women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/), and improve access to better hygiene and

sanitation (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/).

Improving smallholder nutrition through programmes such as Seeds of Prosperity (see

below) contributes to our goal of helping hundreds of millions of people achieve a

 healthier diet (https://www.unilever.co.uk/sustainable­living/the­unilever­sustainable­

living­plan/improving­nutrition/).

Tea: where we began
Our tea brands – such as Lipton, Brooke Bond and PG Tips – have worked with tea

growers and smallholders for generations. Some of our most mature smallholder

farmer programmes are in the tea sector. These have consistently focused on sharing

sustainable agriculture best practice, with the aim of improving yields and quality.

Between 2006 and 2016, for example, we worked with the Kenya Tea Development

Agency (KTDA) and the NGO IDH to provide education and training through Farmer

Field Schools. The programme enabled 86,000 lead farmers, including around 42,000

women, to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices. It helped

580,000 farms achieve the certification standards set by the Rainforest Alliance –

establishing a solid foundation for tea­growing in Kenya which continues to be

overseen by KTDA.

A brighter future for tea smallholders

Working with tea farmers in India
Working with tea farmers in India

We continue to expand the scope of our programmes within, and beyond, the drive to

increase yields sustainably.

In 2017, we had more than 50 separate initiatives in tea worldwide, many in

partnerships with NGOs and government stakeholders. Each addresses issues

relevant to the industry and the local market, with a range of objectives including

increasing smallholders' incomes, improving health and sanitation, empowering

women, supporting biodiversity and addressing climate change. We describe some of

these initiatives in the sustainable tea (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­tea­leading­the­industry/) section of this

report.

Many of our initiatives in tea have successfully used certification programmes to raise

standards – but they are not a one­size­fits­all solution. We implement our

programmes with a variety of approaches, including working directly with individual

smallholders and groups.

We apply the same adaptability across many sectors of our supply chain. Certification

plays a very important role in ensuring we do business with suppliers who have equal

commitments in place on environmental and social sustainability. At the same time, we

need to focus on ensuring we have visibility of what happens in our supply chain

through traceability initiatives and programmes that tackle specific issues on the

ground.

More knowledge. Better tea: trustea

Daleram Gulia is Unilever Procurement Manager, Sustainable Sourcing.

"You can see the change on the ground – people are hungry for knowledge," says

Daleram. "The first question smallholders ask is: 'can you help me

on judicious use of pesticides?' Then they want to know about

compliance, green leaf­handling, how to improve quality..."

Daleram works with our tea supply chain in India, where around half the country's

tea production is grown by smallholders – and where smallholder potential is

being unlocked by trustea, a sustainability code devised by a cross­sector alliance

supported by the Indian tea industry and tailored to local conditions with global

best practices delivered by our implementing partner Solidaridad.

"Conditions for smallholders vary widely across the country, but overall the

number of growers is increasing," says Daleram. "Often, smallholders are

fragmented and dependent on green leaf agents to sell their green leaf. That can

mean they lack access to information about prices, traceability and sustainable

agricultural practices – it also means it can be hard to get visibility of where and

how our tea is grown.

"trustea requires tea factories to first map their supply chain, which creates a

connection to individual smallholders and the opportunity for them to organise in

groups. That means we can reach them with soil management practices, training

in sustainable agriculture, and a wide range of professional techniques so we can

guide them towards compliance with trustea's code requirements.

"So far, trustea has successfully verified 37,500 smallholder farmers in India,

accounting for 43% of Indian tea. For Unilever, that means more knowledge about

who is growing our tea and how and greater assurance that the tea we sell

meets mandatory criteria on wages, plant protection, safety, and pesticide use –

as per the Tea Board of India’s Plant Protection Code (PPC).

"Smallholders can reduce their costs through judicious use of chemicals and

fertilisers, and access to expertise on agricultural practices should make their

farms more sustainable in the long term."

The importance of partnerships
Even in sectors like tea, where we can bring our scale and influence to bear, we do not

claim to be able to transform whole systems on our own. Addressing the complex

barriers faced by smallholders, and giving them the access to resources they need,

requires collaboration with our suppliers, across industries and sectors, and with

NGOs and governments.

Implementing our programmes is itself often a collaborative process, and we have

global partnerships with many organisations including  Acumen

(http://acumen.org/),  Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership

(http://cgepartnership.com/),  the Ford Foundation

(http://www.fordfoundation.org/),  IDH (https://www.idhsustainabletrade.com/),  the

International Fund for Agricultural Development  (http://www.ifad.org/)(IFAD),  GAIN

(https://www.gainhealth.org/),  GIZ (https://www.giz.de/de/html/index.html) (Deutsche

Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit),  Oxfam

(https://www.oxfam.org/),  PSI (http://www.psi.org/),  the Rainforest Alliance

(http://www.rainforest­alliance.org/),  Save the Children

(https://www.savethechildren.net/),  Solidaridad

(https://www.solidaridadnetwork.org/) and national and local government agencies.

Spotlight

Seeds of Prosperity: cultivating a healthier future in
partnership

Information is priceless, and many smallholders simply do not have enough

access to it. That could be farming information such as prices, best agricultural

practices and routes to market. But it could also be about hygiene, or diet,

because disease and malnutrition are also barriers to smallholders' livelihoods

and productivity.

Many smallholders, for example, sell their nutritious crops to buy starchy foods

which feed their families but lack micronutrients. That's why we're increasingly

looking for ways to help them improve their diets and hygiene habits too.

Partnership in action

The Seeds of Prosperity programme, is a partnership between Unilever, the

Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN) and the Sustainable Trade

Initiative (IDH). It began in a pilot in India, reaching 2,600 people in Tamil Nadu

with a nine­week behaviour­change programme dedicated to encouraging more

diverse diets and handwashing.

Women who participated in the programme reported a 41% increase in the

variety of foods consumed, almost double the 24% increase in women who

were not part of the programme. The hygiene component saw 78% of tea

growers washing their hands before lunch daily, compared with 51% of growers

who did not participate in the programme.

Building on success

We believe a business like ours has a commercial, as well as a moral,

responsibility to explore initiatives like Seeds of Prosperity. By building healthier

communities, we make our supply chain more robust, both directly and

indirectly. Indeed, 98% of pilot participants said the programme was likely to

positively affect their decision to stay with their tea estate or factory, which in

turn increases farmers’ loyalty.

After promising results from the pilot, in 2017, the partnership began to

replicate the programme in tea farming communities in Assam and Tamil Nadu

as well as in Kenya and Malawi. We aim to reach a further 300,000 people and

are encouraging other businesses to help us scale the programme even further.

Working with smallholders on sustainable palm
oil
The majority of the palm oil we buy is grown in Malaysia and Indonesia – the biggest

producing countries worldwide. 

Smallholder farmers play an important role in palm oil production. They represent 40%

of all palm oil production in South­East Asia. Many smallholder farmers face issues in

productivity, profitability and sustainability. These can include land tenure, poor

agricultural practices and a lack of access – both to finance for replanting and

certification, and to sustainable markets.

We aim to support 25,000 farmers by sourcing or buying certificates directly from

independent smallholders, and by working with NGO partners to help and incentivise

smallholders to adopt sustainable management and agricultural practices. Find out

more about how we are transforming the palm oil industry (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­

industry/).

Spotlight

The sustainable palm oil village

Smallholders working on family plots are an important part of palm oil

production. Together, they produce around 40% of the global supply. But the

challenges they face in getting access to markets, finance and the training that

could help them improve their yields mean that their incomes often remain low.

This in turn can drive deforestation and loss of biodiversity as they seek new

land to cultivate.

In 2017, we worked with partners on a pioneering new approach to help

independent smallholders in Indonesia produce more oil and generate higher

incomes while having a lower environmental impact.

Sometimes known as a 'jurisdictional approach', we prefer to think of it as

creating 'sustainable villages'. It is a way of working with communities of

smallholders and local government to increase yields and prevent deforestation

within a set geographical area, while assuring us of a sustainable source of

palm oil.

The path to systemic change

We began with the village of Pangkalan Tiga. In October, our programme

helped 190 independent smallholders of the village's KUD Tani Subur farmer

cooperative achieve RSPO certification – the first cooperative in Kalimantan to

do so.

Alongside sustainable palm cultivation, the cooperative involves an integrated

livestock farm and a fish farm, so that palm by­products such as fronds are

used in feed for livestock, cow manure is used for fertiliser for the oil palms,

and palm oil mill effluent is used in fish feed. This integrated model gives

farmers an opportunity to earn additional income, while the support of the

district and provincial government helps monitor farming and combat

deforestation.

Altogether, our public­private partnership with the provincial government of

Central Kalimantan, the district government of Kotawaringin Barat and Yayasan

Penelitian Inovasi Bumi (INOBU) has directly helped 253 independent

smallholders achieve certification in 2017. If it continues to succeed, we aim to

scale it up to reach as many as 12,000.

We do not claim to have all the answers when it comes to addressing sustainability

issues in our agricultural supply chain – nor the issues facing the smallholder farmers

we depend on. But we know that the status quo is not sustainable and that more

change at a systems level is needed. For our future work with smallholders, this

means broadening out our activities beyond improving agricultural practices, to include

strategic and enabling areas such as access to finance, income diversification and

resilience to the effects of climate change.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/)



Mapping our farmer programmes (/sustainable­
living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­
with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/mapping­
our­farmers­programmes/)



Sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Previous

Creating and sharing wealth

Empowering small­scale retailers for growth

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Inclusive business

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Empowering small-scale retailers for
growth
By building powerful connections with millions of small business owners

and micro­entrepreneurs, we're helping them boost their skills and incomes

while driving our own reach and growth.

Selling with purpose
Finding better ways to reach consumers is essential to our success. It brings us closer

to the billions of new and existing consumers who use our brands. It also gives us the

opportunity to make a positive difference to people and communities all over the world.

We want to ensure that people can enjoy the benefits of our products wherever they

are. In emerging markets, such as Asia and Africa, where there are around 3 billion

rural consumers, developing innovative and effective distribution models is an

enormous opportunity for growth.

It is also one of our biggest opportunities to make a real difference to people's lives

and, in doing so, contribute to a number of the United Nations Sustainable

Development Goals, including No Poverty (SDG1) and Decent Work and Economic

Growth (SDG8).

Millions of men and women in our distribution network already earn some or all of their

income by connecting us to our consumers. The 'small­scale retailers' who run

independent stores, outlets and kiosks, or set up as micro­entrepreneurs making sales

in the streets or house­to­house. They make a crucial contribution to their local

communities, especially in developing markets. And because they bring our products

to millions of consumers every day, their success is directly linked with our own.

Realising potential together
In our USLP, we set out our ambition to have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5

million people (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­

with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/mapping­our­farmers­programmes/)

by improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­

livelihoods/) and improving the incomes of small­scale retailers. To achieve it, we're

working on a range of initiatives that broaden and deepen the connection between

small­scale retailers and our business, helping them build their capacity and

addressing the barriers that currently hold them back, such as limited market

information, access to credit, and a lack of business or financial management skills.

At the same time as helping to unlock the potential of existing small­scale retailers,

we're empowering new entrepreneurs to improve their livelihoods while helping us

reach new consumers, through initiatives that support women, young people, and the

long­term unemployed.

And because of the scale and diversity of our distribution network, empowering small­

scale retailers helps us achieve other, interconnected goals in our USLP – including

Opportunities for Women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­

women/expanding­opportunities­in­our­retail­value­chain/), fostering Fairness in the

Workplace (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/), and

delivering improvements in water and sanitation (/sustainable­living/improving­health­

and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/).

Better connections, better lives and better
business
Our aim is to drive inclusive growth at scale. This means understanding who our small­

scale retailers are and what's important to them, and working with them to find ways to

address the challenges they face.

The knowledge and insights we've gathered over many years of working with small­

scale retailers has helped us develop a range of training, designed to address those

challenges and help people unlock their potential. That includes training in business

and retailing capabilities, including basics on how to operate in an increasingly tech­

based market; training in financial literacy and access to credit that helps people

expand their businesses and improve their income; and basic training on hygiene,

sanitation and nutrition, which helps sellers meet their shoppers’ needs as well as

improve their own families’ livelihoods.

At the same time, technology and data are transforming the way we connect with our

distribution network, as well as how businesses and individuals within it connect with

consumers. Through our new data systems, including LeverEDGE, we're

understanding more than ever how our retailers' businesses operate and working with

them on opportunities to increase sales.

Spotlight

Unlocking potential and driving growth: our partnership
with Mastercard

For any small retailer, selling out of a product line is a missed opportunity. If you

can't sell your customer what they want, they'll either make no purchase at all,

or go to your competitor.

But for retailers who are stuck in cash economies without access to credit,

especially in the developing world, running out of stock can be a routine event.

Why does this matter? Because it’s holding back growth. Entrepreneurs who

would like to transform their businesses and the contribution they make to their

economy are constrained. And we're missing out on an opportunity too

because we rely on them to sell our brands.

Our strategic partnership with  Mastercard (https://www.mastercard.us/en­

us.html) in Kenya uses a combination of innovative technology, targeted

training, and the strength of our relationships with our distribution network to

free retailers from these constraints and fulfil their potential.

By digitising the processes of buying supplies and selling goods, small­scale

retailers will build the credentials they need to get access to low­interest

credit. As well as getting better control of their inventory, so they can keep their

shelves full and meet consumer demand, the retailers are also able to access

training and essential financial tools to help them grow their sales and incomes.

Since its launch in 2017, retailers in the Kenya programme have seen an

increase in sales of 11%.

It is early days but if it keeps succeeding, we believe it could help us have real

impact. The  World Bank

(http://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialsector/brief/smes­finance)

estimates there are up to 445 million micro, small and medium enterprises in

the developing world. Many of these are held back by limited market

information, poor access to credit and a lack of financial management skills. If

we can help small retail entrepreneurs grow beyond their current financial

limitations and bring our sustainable products to more consumers, it could help

transform economies in emerging markets and drive our growth.

Sharing the knowledge that can drive our growth
A shop, a store, a kiosk, a mini­market – they have many different names, but we know

that all small retail outlets have something in common: they, and the people who own

and work in them, are key to our ambitions.

So far, we have reached more than 1.6 million small­scale retailers with initiatives

designed to help them make their stores more efficient, competitive and attractive to

consumers. These initiatives help them boost their sales while helping us ensure that

our brands are more available, better displayed, and priced at the recommended retail

price and marketed optimally. They include training in business practices and, through

our brands, can help promote better health and sanitation for store owners and their

families, as well as for their customers.

Sharing knowledge is at the heart of our approach and we're developing new ways to

do it. In 2018, we will launch a fully integrated learning platform across our business to

help small­scale retailers access training and support more easily, online, offline or on

mobile. It brings together the insights we've gained from our global programmes, such

as Perfect Store, and local programmes, such as Kabisig in the Philippines. It is

designed to help more small­scale retailers access the skills and expertise that could

help them grow.

Spotlight

Your business, your future: Helping ‘mom and pop’ stores
grow

It takes drive, resilience and entrepreneurial spirit to be a small independent

retailer – qualities that are hugely valuable to us as part of our distribution

chain. But many small retailers lack access to the training, modern trading

practices and professional skills that would enable them to take those qualities,

and their businesses, to the next level.

What if we could bring people together to build those skills and act as a catalyst

for their growth, and ours?

We're bridging that gap through programmes such as Super!Store and Kabisig,

which we run in the Philippines, where 1 million small retailers – known as

'mom and pop' or 'sari­sari' stores – are at the centre of their communities,

making up more than 90% of the retail landscape.

Between 2015 and 2017, over 87,000 owners have accessed detailed training

and advice on how to set up, run, and grow their businesses at our Kabisig

summits, which bring together new and established store owners to share

knowledge and build relationships. The support ranges from training in

managing inventory, finances and merchandising, to modules aimed at helping

owners manage debt and plan their business growth, all under the banner

"Negosyo mo, kinabukasan mo!" – or "Your business, your future."

A key element of Kabisig lies in making connections between us and our

retailers, but also among retailers themselves. The programme is run alongside

our Super!Store initiative which works with bigger, established stores who each

act as wholesalers for up to 120 Kabisig partners.

Around nine out of ten mom and pop store owners are women, and the stores

help support hundreds of thousands of household members. That means the

opportunity to enhance livelihoods – and to grow business – is huge.

Since it began at scale in 2016, Kabisig has enhanced the skills and training of

87,000 owners and helped around 24,000 people set up new businesses. At

the same time, our sales volume in participating Super!Stores has grown by

12% – 7% higher than stores that have not been through the programme. This

shows that helping others build their businesses, helps build ours.

Serving hard-to-reach consumers
Billions of people live in small towns and villages that are spread out over large

geographic areas, often with poor infrastructure and populations too low to sustain

many retailers. In some developing cities, too, retail systems are still growing, and do

not cover the full population.

At the same time, economic opportunities in these places are often limited, especially

for women. That's why we're working on 'inclusive distribution' models. That is, ways to

create opportunities for people to grow their incomes while helping us connect with

these hard­to­reach consumers.

Engaging small­scale retailers or entrepreneurs in selling is one way of getting our

products to consumers in these hard­to­reach places. We provide job opportunities by

recruiting and training people, and supporting them with extended credit, marketing,

sales and accounting training, and sometimes with equipment. We're also focused on

improving their – and our – channels to reach those consumers, including through

digital.

Our Shakti programme in India is one of our best­established and successful models,

designed to empower women entrepreneurs through access to training and support,

as they in turn empower our business. Around 77,000 women from poor rural

communities are now part of our Shakti distribution network, bringing our brands to

hard­to­reach consumers while generating incomes for themselves and their

communities.

We want to scale the impact of Shakti and our related programmes, such as Gbemiga

in Nigeria, which involves 1,350 women in our value chain, and similar programmes in

Ethiopia, Egypt, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Haiti and Colombia. That can mean

expanding the model to new areas. In 2017, we worked on establishing networks in El

Salvador and Myanmar, for example. It can also involve exploring ways to

professionalise the model further, using technology and working with partners and

investors to enhance our positive social and business impact.

Building scalable inclusive distribution models: Shakti Ethiopia

Bukunmi Akinseye is Global Partnerships & Advocacy Manager, Enhancing

Livelihoods

“Our inclusive business models are creating opportunities to address a broad

suite of social impact needs – financial inclusion, skills development and training,

and even behaviour change. But there’s still so much ground to cover, which is

why we are actively working with others to innovate, cost­share and multiply our

impact.

Over the last year, in addition to expanding the Shakti business model to new

territories, we have been collaborating with partners to further professionalise our

inclusive distribution practice and develop innovative approaches to scale.

For example, in Ethiopia, we are collaborating with Elevate and the BOP

Innovation Center to design a new cost­effective, open­basket distribution model

– one in which women micro­entrepreneurs sell a mixed basket of products from

Unilever and other producers, choosing from a catalogue that includes staples

and nutritious foods. The model, which currently includes 175 women in Ethiopia,

is based on market surveys and our work with our partners on addressing the

barriers to achieving scale and impact in rural distribution networks.

It is at an early stage, but the project aims to create income opportunities for a

network of women micro­entrepreneurs while improving affordability and access

to essential household products.”

Spreading happiness in communities
We are the world’s largest ice cream company, selling our brands in over 40 countries

and always looking for ways to grow our business sustainably. One way we improve

our ability to reach consumers while having a positive impact on the communities we

work in is through our micro­entrepreneur programme, I'm Wall's. This initiative gives

brands, including Wall’s, OLA, Good Humor, Algida and Kibon, new ways to sell our

products that also generates jobs and opportunities.

The I’m Wall’s programme has a mission to ‘build happier communities' and create

jobs for 100,000 people worldwide by 2020. I’m Wall's runs in 25 countries and has

three priorities:

Recruiting unskilled people who may have been traditionally excluded from the

workplace due to their lack of skills.

Employing young people as interns during the summer months, providing credible

experience as they step into the job market.

Investing in building soft skills such as sales and shopper management, customer

service, problem­solving and helping to build self­confidence.

In 2017, I'm Wall's continued to employ micro­entrepreneurs across 25 countries, plus

seven markets in Europe, including Finland, Italy, Poland, the UK and the Netherlands,

as well as Spain and Portugal. I’m Wall's was further rolled out in Latin America, South

Asia and South­East Asia, which are our biggest markets for mobile vendors.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­
business/)



Creating opportunities for women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)



Expanding opportunities in our value chain (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/expanding­opportunities­in­our­retail­
value­chain/)



Previous

Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods

Next 

Helping young entrepreneurs

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

 Inclusive business

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Helping young entrepreneurs
We want to help more young people benefit from our business. We provide

training to enable them to work in the agricultural sector, as well as in our

distribution channels.

We have a business need to increase the participation of young entrepreneurs in our

value chain. Supplies of agricultural raw materials for our business will be threatened if

new farmers are not brought into the farming sector. As we grow our business, we will

also need more people to distribute our brands to customers and consumers. This will

help to create jobs and combat high youth unemployment, as well as provide young

people with an opportunity to share in the wealth that our operations generate.

Through our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set a target to train and enable

young people to participate in the agricultural business sector and in the distribution

channels of our brands to market.

So far, we have focused our efforts largely through our supply chain, procurement and

customer development activities. A number of our programmes benefit young people

directly. For example, five per cent of those participating in the Kabisig Summits in the

Philippines are young adults, principally women entrepreneurs who have set up

community stores. The summits are designed to help these small­scale retailers

access the skills and expertise and in doing so improve their incomes through training

in stock control, financial management, sales techniques and customer service.

Other initiatives are designed specifically with young people in mind. Below are some

more examples of the initiatives we’ve developed to support young people and young

entrepreneurs.

Creating a youth-led micro-distribution network
in Egypt
Safeer is a key sustainability programme for Unilever in Egypt. The initiative aims to

provide opportunities and train a group of young people to support the distribution of

Unilever products in the top 1,000 villages in Egypt which otherwise would be too

expensive for the Unilever salesforce to reach.

The majority of the salesmen were previously unemployed, but all share a drive to

succeed as independent micro­distributors. By providing access to microfinance to buy

initial stock, as well as motorbikes to enable transport to rural areas, the young men

learn how to maximise their sales, and subsequently their income. There are currently

around 480 Safeer salesmen who generate sales of around 150 million Egyptian

pounds.

Spotlight

Addressing youth poverty in vanilla producing communities

In Madagascar, we are part of a strategic alliance to support vanilla

smallholders, and the wider community, with our supplier Symrise, the German

development agency GIZ and NGO Save the Children.

The aim of the development partnership is to increase livelihoods by increasing

access to fair financial services, providing community education on health,

hygiene and child protection, as well as helping farmers improve their

agricultural and business skills.

The programme is also targeting young people to help break the inter­

generational transfer of poverty by providing a platform for exploring career

opportunities and for accessing skills development, ensuring that future

generations are actively engaged and participating in the development of their

communities.

To date, the partnership has founded three agricultural colleges, with an

additional two new colleges planned in remote rural areas. It has also produced

a curriculum for literacy and numeracy ‘catch up’ classes, working in

collaboration with the local education ministry, which will be offered to young

people who have missed out on vital schooling.

In addition, Youth Committees have been established and are active in 36

villages, with over 400 members. These committees are providing a forum for

young people to access skills development and vital services, such as

leadership training and sexual and reproductive health information, and to

discuss and raise concerns about the issues affecting their lives.

The development partnership is partly financed through the develoPPP.de

programme of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and

Development (BMZ).

Driving growth and helping unemployed youth in
Bangladesh
For over a decade, Unilever Bangladesh has pioneered an initiative to recruit

unemployed young people to help sell our brands across rural regions of Bangladesh

where there is no direct coverage. The initiative, called Pollydut, has become not only

a major contributor to Unilever Bangladesh’s growth but also a model of sustainable

rural distribution.

Pollydut is Bangla for rural ambassadors. Previously unemployed young men are

supported to set up as outreach salespersons through the provision of a bicycle or

tricycle vans which serve as mobile shops, and access to microfinance to purchase

initial stock. Similar to the Shakti initiative in neighbouring India, Pollydut makes

affordable Unilever products available to people living in rural villages and enhances

the livelihood of those participating in the initiative.

Starting with 600 unemployed youth, by 2017 there were around 1,300 young people

active in the initiative, enabling Unilever to reach over 115,000 new retail outlets.

Pollydut is helping Unilever Bangladesh to grow faster and is now contributing 5.5% of

annual revenue. In turn it is helping participants in the Pollydut initiative to enjoy a

better livelihood as a result of the commission that they are now earning from the sale

of Unilever products.

Photos by Colin Crawley/ Save the Children

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­
business/)



Advancing human rights with suppliers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/advancing­human­rights­with­suppliers­
and­business­partners/)



Previous

Empowering small­scale retailers for growth

Next 

Creating and sharing wealth

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 Inclusive business

This work supports the following UN Sustainable Development Goals

Creating & sharing wealth
Our business makes a significant contribution to societies and economies

around the world, generating equitable wealth and jobs, improving people's

lives through our brands, transferring technology, and training and

developing people.

Creating value through our business
Our products are sold in more than 190 countries, generating income and employment

for retailers and distributors who bring our brands to consumers. We also create value

for suppliers – in 2017 we purchased €34 billion of goods and services. Taxes pay for

the public goods and services that benefit each one of us, and effective taxation is the

foundation of healthy societies. Total taxes borne by Unilever in 2017 were €3.9 billion,

of which €2.2 billion was corporation tax.

Unilever fully complies with the tax laws in the countries where we operate, but where

the tax law is not clear – or has not kept pace with the way modern business operates

– Unilever interprets its tax obligations in a responsible way. At Unilever, Tax Principles

(/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/tax.html) provide this reference point.

Distribution of value added
The chart below shows how the value added was distributed among different

stakeholders for 2016 – the latest available date at the time of publication.

Unilever Group - Distribution of value added
(2017)

1%

20%

13%

26%

40%

Key

Employees

Providers of capital

Governments

Invested in business for future

growth

Local communities

Notes
Community Involvement 2015 figure based on

estimates

Corporate community investment
Unilever’s corporate citizenship contributions excluding management costs totalled

€86.7 million in 2017 which is in line with our 2016 community spend. Of these

contributions, 95% was from community investments and commercial initiatives

aligned to our brands with purpose strategy. Charitable donations made up the

remaining 5% of spend. In terms of contribution by type (including management costs

of 4%), 72% was from cash contributions, 22% was in­kind and 2% was employee

time. Our reporting of community investment is aligned with the LBG methodology for

corporate community investment.

Our community investments and public­private partnerships are not based on the

traditional model of charitable philanthropy, but instead are aligned with our business’

priorities and strategy in support of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and our five

transformational change areas: Climate Change & Forests, Sustainable Agriculture,

Land Use & Livelihoods; Health & Well­being; and Women’s Empowerment.

Measuring socio-economic impacts
Over the past 15 years we have conducted a number of quantitative and qualitative

studies to evaluate the social and economic impact of our business.

In 2008, we carried out a  study with INSEAD international business school in South

Africa (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/sd_insead_report_executive_summary220208_tcm244­

409775_en.pdf). André Fourie, CEO, National Business Initiative and South African

Reference Group Member for this study, concluded that: "The scope and depth of

Unilever's economic 'footprint' demonstrates the value of large corporations to the

country, the economy and the broader society."

 A 2009 study with leading think tank, the Central Institute for Economic

Management (CIEM) in Vietnam (PDF | 841KB) (/Images/sd­exploring­the­links­

between­international­businesses­and­socio­economic­developmen­of­vietnam­a­

case­study­of­unilever­vietnam­2009_tcm244­409773_en.pdf). Pham Lan Huong of

CIEM, who was the team leader of the research, concluded that "Unilever has proven

you can successfully incorporate a social agenda into a company's business agenda,

helping to contribute positively to the socio­economic development of the country."

 ‘Labour Rights in Unilever’s Supply Chain’ (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/rr­unilever­supply­

chain­labour­rights­vietnam­310113­en_tcm244­409769_en.pdf), published in early

2013 was a qualitative evaluation of our impact in Vietnam. Oxfam used our

Vietnamese operations as its main case study and made six recommendations for our

business. There were based around supporting workers’ livelihoods, providing human

rights training within the organisation, implementing more ways in which workers can

raise areas of concern, and working closely with suppliers and partners to ensure

standards are met. We reviewed our Vietnamese supply chain in the light of the

recommendations.

In 2016, Oxfam published  'Labour Rights in Vietnam: Unilever's progress and

systemic challenges (http://policy­practice.oxfam.org.uk/publications/labour­rights­in­

vietnam­unilevers­progress­and­systemic­challenges­614926). This documented our

work since 2011 in improving conditions for workers in Vietnam. The Oxfam report is

the latest in a series of studies on our operations, beginning in Indonesia in 2004.

The report  ‘Exploring the Links Between International Business and Poverty

Reduction: A case study of Unilever in Indonesia’ (https://policy­

practice.oxfam.org.uk/publications/exploring­the­links­between­international­business­

and­poverty­reduction­a­case­112492) found that our local businesses make a

significant contribution to the local economy through jobs and economic activity, while

highlighting that we could do more to enhance our impact, for example on poverty,

employee skills development and small­scale suppliers.

The learnings from these studies have fed into our work to support smallholder farmers

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­

smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/) and small­scale retailers (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­scale­retailers­for­

growth/) in our supply and distribution chains, and our global partnerships aimed at

creating transformational change.

Related links



Targets & performance (/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/)



Previous

Helping young entrepreneurs

Next 

Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Our strategy for sustainable growth
Unilever has been a purpose­driven company from its origins. Today, our

purpose is simple but clear – to make sustainable living commonplace.

We are living in an increasingly uncertain and volatile world. Temperatures are rising,

droughts are more frequent, food supplies are increasingly scarce, the gap between

rich and poor is growing and billions still do not have access to basic hygiene and

sanitation. These challenges are compounded as the global population continues to

expand.

Every day, 2.5 billion people use our products. We see first­hand how people the world

over are already affected by these changes which pose new challenges for us:

fluctuating commodity prices, unstable markets and a shortage of sustainable raw

materials. Business as usual is no longer an option.

With change though, comes opportunity. The Business & Sustainable Development

Commission, co­founded by Unilever, concluded that successful delivery of the

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) – which seek to tackle 17 of world’s most

urgent challenges – will create market opportunities of at least $12 trillion a year.

Businesses that thrive in the future will be those that serve society today. That’s why, in

2010, we launched the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan – our blueprint for sustainable

growth. The Plan is helping us to drive more profitable growth for our brands, save

costs, mitigate risk and build trust among our stakeholders.

We know that the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by one

company alone. So we’re also working to help transform the system in which business

is done. By being part of the solution to challenges, businesses have the opportunity to

win the trust of consumers while helping create societies and economies in which they

can grow and succeed.

About our strategy

UN Sustainable
Development Goals

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/)
We believe that sustainable and

equitable growth for the benefit of all

stakeholders is the only acceptable

business model.

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/)

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/un­
sustainable­development­goals/)
We are realising the business

opportunity from the Sustainable

Development Goals.

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/un­
sustainable­development­goals/)

Embedding
sustainability

Our sustainability
governance

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­sustainability/)

Embedding sustainability
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­sustainability/)

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/our­sustainability­
governance/)
We have strong governance structures

to help us deliver our Plan and realise

the benefits for our business.

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/our­sustainability­
governance/)

We are growing our business by

integrating sustainability into our

strategy, inspiring our people and

building purpose­led brands.



Encouraging
behaviour
change
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/embe
dding­
sustainability/e
ncouraging­
behaviour­
change/)



Developing &
engaging our
people
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/embe
dding­
sustainability/d
eveloping­and­
engaging­our­
people/)

Awards & recognition

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/awards­and­recognition/)
We participate in a number of corporate

sustainability ratings and rankings.

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/awards­and­recognition/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

About our strategy
We believe that sustainable and equitable growth is the only way to create

long­term value for our stakeholders. That’s why we have placed the

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan at the heart of our business model.

Driven by our purpose & vision
We have a clear purpose – to make sustainable living commonplace – and a vision to

grow our business while decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and

increasing our positive social impact.



What do we mean by sustainable living?

We want to help create a world where everyone can live well within the natural

limits of the planet. We’re putting sustainable living at the heart of everything we

do including through our brands and products, our standards of behaviour within

and beyond Unilever, and our partnerships which are driving transformational

change across our value chain.

However volatile and uncertain the world becomes, Unilever’s purpose and vision will

remain because we believe that managing for the long term is the best way for us to

grow. Find out more about  how we create value (PDF | 433KB) (/Images/2495­how­

we­create­value­100418_tcm244­521463_en.pdf).

Our blueprint for sustainable growth
The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) provides the detailed blueprint for how

we will achieve sustainable growth, while delivering our purpose and vision. It covers

all aspects of our business, incorporates all our brands and Divisions, and covers

every country we work in. It aims to create change across our value chain – from our

operations, to our sourcing and the way consumers use our products. And it is

designed to drive profitable growth and fuel innovation, in the right way, so that all our

stakeholders benefit.

The Plan, launched in 2010, is built around three big goals and nine pillars. Our

strategic priorities were identified through a materiality analysis. To check these are

still the right priorities, we conduct a materiality analysis (/sustainable­living/our­

approach­to­reporting/defining­our­material­issues/) every two years. For each goal,

we have detailed targets and metrics. Find out more about our performance on the

relevant pillars pages.

Improving health and
well­being

Reducing environmental
impact

Enhancing livelihoods

Goal: By 2020 we will

Goal: By 2030 our goal is to

Goal: By 2020 we will

help more than a

halve the environmental

enhance the livelihoods

billion people take

footprint of the making and

of millions of people as

action to improve their

use of our products as we

we grow our business.

health and well­being.

grow our business.

Pillars:

Pillars:

Pillars:

Fairness in the

Health & hygiene

Greenhouse gases

workplace (/sustainable­

(/sustainable­

living/improving­

health­and­well­

(/sustainable­

living/reducing­

environmental­

living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­

the­workplace/)

being/health­and­

impact/greenhouse­gases/)

Opportunities for women

hygiene/)

Water use (/sustainable­

(/sustainable­

Improving nutrition

living/reducing­

living/enhancing­

(/sustainable­

living/improving­

health­and­well­

environmental­

impact/water­use/)

Waste & packaging

being/improving­

(/sustainable­

nutrition/)

living/reducing­

environmental­

livelihoods/opportunities­

for­women/)

Inclusive business

(/sustainable­

living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­

impact/waste­and­

business/)

packaging/)

Sustainable sourcing

(/sustainable­

living/reducing­

environmental­

impact/sustainable­

sourcing/)

We have long known that growth and sustainability are not in conflict – and we now

have evidence to prove this. Our four­point framework shows how the USLP drives

value for our business.

Transformational change beyond our business
We are aware that the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by

one company alone. We are changing ourselves as a business, but we also want to

help transform the system in which business is done. We’ll do this by acting as

catalysts for change more broadly – as conveners to facilitate progressive discussion

and bring others together, and as collaborators in partnerships to deliver positive

business, social and environmental impact at scale.

By being part of the solution to challenges, businesses have the opportunity to win the

trust of consumers while helping create societies and economies in which they can

grow and succeed.

We aim to use our scale and influence to help bring about transformational change

(/sustainable­living/transformational­change/) in four areas where we can make the

biggest difference and which represent the biggest market opportunities for us:

Climate change and forests (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/)

Improving livelihoods and creating more opportunities for women (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/)

Improving health and well­being (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/)

Championing sustainable agriculture, focused on land use and food security

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/)

Our multi­stakeholder approach enables us to understand the challenges preventing

society and our ecosystems from thriving, and helps us find ways to begin addressing

them. We engage shareholders, governments, NGOs and civil society organisations,

and shape the business landscape through advocacy. By leveraging partnerships,

blended (public/private) finance, digital and new business models, we believe

transformational change is possible.

Our Plan and the Sustainable Development Goals
One way in which we are using partnerships to deliver change at scale is through the

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They are fundamental to future economic

and business growth. The Business & Sustainable Development Commission, co­

founded by Unilever, concluded that successful delivery of the SDGs will create market

opportunities of at least $12 trillion a year.

We are working across many of the SDGs through the USLP. In doing so, we are

unlocking new markets and investing in brands with purpose and innovation. The

interdependence and mutuality of the goals ensures that progress against one, leads

to progress against others. Find out about our approach to SDGs (/sustainable­

living/our­strategy/un­sustainable­development­goals/) and how we are taking action

on the them, throughout our Sustainable Living Report (/sustainable­living/our­

sustainable­living­report­hub/).

We’re still learning
We’ve had some great results from our Sustainable Living Plan. We know it

contributes to business growth as we see consumers choosing our brands with

purpose – such as Hellmann’s, Ben & Jerry’s, Dove and Omo.

We’ve also learnt a lot about what does and doesn’t work, and we’ll keep making

changes to get things right. One of our biggest challenges is our ability to influence

change outside our business, where we don’t have direct control.

For example, we’ve made good progress on reducing greenhouse gas emissions

(GHG) from our factories and reached our 2020 target by 2017. However, the GHG

impact of our products per consumer use has increased by 9% since 2010. We’ve

updated our GHG strategy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/) to reflect what we’ve learnt. Similarly, although we have

reduced water use (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/) by

2% through innovations such as low rinse laundry products, this has been offset by the

growth of products in our portfolio with higher water use.

We are continually looking for new ideas and ways to influence our wider value chain.

We know that collaboration with others holds the key to tackling many sustainability

challenges and we will be focusing even more on this in the years ahead. Our

transformational change initiatives will help to bring about the systems change needed

to address some of the most complex social and environmental problems.

Purpose-driven people
To achieve real change, we need to create a movement for sustainable growth within

Unilever. We are always finding new ways to engage our people on sustainability and

to harness their passion to achieve our goals. One particular area of focus is helping

our employees find their own our purpose so that they can fulfil their potential.

‘Bringing Sustainability to Life’ is one of the six key business skills addressed in our

learning programmes with our employees. We integrate sustainability into existing

training and create bespoke courses to develop employees’ capabilities and

understanding of how sustainability applies to their role.

Our employee sustainability champions in key functions, Divisions and countries, help

engage employees on sustainability, support our leadership teams to identify local

priorities and review progress quarterly against our targets. During 2017, we ran a

‘Have Your Say’ survey – the biggest consultation of employees on the future of the

business that Unilever has ever conducted.

Purpose-driven leadership

“

Leadership will be critical in the delivery of Unilever’s

purpose and in our performance over the coming

years. Our leadership programmes will nurture the

purpose-driven and values-led leaders that Unilever,

and our world, need today.

Tim Munden, Chief Learning Officer

”

As a values­led and purpose­driven organisation, we have been using our Unilever

Leadership Development Programme (ULDP) as the vehicle to help our executives to

discover their purpose, and to use this to guide them in their decisions and careers.

Our recently refreshed General Manager (GM) programme helps equip our GMs with

the mindset to develop innovative, sustainable and inclusive business models to

achieve responsible growth. GMs play a key role in creating the right conditions for

delivering the USLP as they have oversight of our markets and commercial operations.

In addition, we now link progress on sustainability to remuneration for a growing

number of management employees, up to and including our CEO and Unilever

Leadership Executive. Find out more in our  Annual Report and Accounts (PDF |

3MB) (/Images/unilever­annual­report­and­accounts­2017_tcm244­516456_en.pdf).

External recognition
We’re pleased that our approach to sustainability has been recognised by others in

2017, including:

Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) – Unilever was named leader of the

Personal Products sector. 

CDP – Unilever was included in the ‘A’ list in CDP’s Climate, Water, Forests and

Supplier Engagement Reports. 

GlobeScan/SustainAbility Sustainability Leaders survey – we’ve retained our top

ranking for seven consecutive years.

Related links



Introducing our plan (/sustainable­living/)



Embedding sustainability (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)



UN Sustainable Development Goals (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/un­
sustainable­development­goals/)



Driving transformational change (/sustainable­living/transformational­
change/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Helping our people drive sustainable
growth
To achieve real change we need to create a movement for sustainable

growth within Unilever.

We seek out new ways to engage our people on sustainability and to harness their

passion to achieve our goals. We focus on learning and development to build

capability, knowledge and leadership to help them fulfil their potential. Our work on

Sustainable Living brands helps our business build brands with purpose and we

promote sustainable innovation through tools and scorecards.

73% OF UNILEVER EMPLOYEES WORLDWIDE AGREE
THAT THEIR JOB CONTRIBUTES TO THE UNILEVER
SUSTAINABLE LIVING PLAN (USLP) AND DRIVES
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH.

Purpose-driven leadership development
“Leadership will be critical in the delivery of Unilever’s purpose and in our performance

over the coming years. Our leadership programmes will nurture the purpose­driven

and values­led leaders Unilever, and our world, need today.”

Tim Munden, Chief Learning Officer

Our leadership programmes develop our senior leaders to be purpose­driven

individuals. Our UL2020 programme, for example, helps develop leaders with the

insight and imagination to anticipate the challenges and opportunities of 2020 and

beyond. Leaders work on Purpose to Impact initiatives (PIIs), developing practical

solutions to socio­economic problems that generate profit and growth and help us

advance on our USLP goals.

The programme is guided by global experts and focus areas have included reducing

food waste, empowering women and reducing deaths from mosquito­borne diseases.

It has been completed by our most senior leaders and is now being rolled out to over

400 Vice Presidents across the business.

Our recently refreshed General Manager (GM) programme helps equip our GMs with

the mind­set to develop innovative, sustainable and inclusive business models to

achieve responsible growth. GMs play a key role in creating the right conditions for

delivering the USLP.

As a values­led and purpose­driven organisation we have been using our Unilever

Leadership Development Programme (ULDP) as the vehicle to help our executives to

discover their purpose and to use this to guide them in their decisions and careers.

During 2016 we ran a number of pilots across the UKI, Indonesia and the Nordics to

see if we could support lower levels of management to have the same experience of

discovering the power of purpose.

“THE RESULTS SO FAR HAVE BEEN FANTASTIC – WITH
ATTENDEES AT EACH WORKSHOP ENTHUSING ABOUT
THE CLARITY OF DIRECTION AND “BREATH OF FRESH
AIR” PROVIDED THROUGH FOCUSING ON CULTURE AND
PURPOSE.”

Richard Sharp, Nordics HR Director

Learning and engagement on sustainability
We integrate sustainability into existing training and create bespoke courses to

develop employees’ capabilities and understanding of how sustainability applies to

their role. ‘Bringing Sustainability to Life’ is one of the six key Business Skills

addressed in our learning programmes.

For example, new brand managers complete a week­long sustainable marketing

challenge during their Foundation course and over 13,000 people have completed a

USLP e­learning module. In 2016, we developed a series of short animations to help

new joiners understand the USLP from their first day in Unilever.

Our Learning Hub, which hosts all our learning content in one place, enables

employees to access training whenever and wherever they need it. We are starting to

give colleagues in our acquired businesses and joint ventures access to the Hub,

enabling us to reach a wider audience.

Our Sustainable Business and Communications (SB&C) function supports Unilever’s

sustainable growth ambitions. Our SB&C Academy helps equip them with the

knowledge, insights and capabilities they need to do this well. It includes courses and

coaching on themes such effective partnerships as well as learning sessions on topics

such as the circular economy and carbon reduction.

Our employee sustainability champions in key functions, divisions and countries help

engage employees on sustainability, support our leadership teams to identify local

priorities and review progress quarterly against our targets. We link progress on

sustainable business goals to remuneration for a growing number of managers,

including our CEO and several members of the Unilever Leadership Executive.

Developing our Sustainable Living brands
Our Sustainable Living brands inspire employees take action on sustainability at a

brand level. These brands combine a strong purpose delivering a social or

environmental benefit, with products contributing to at least one of our USLP goals.

In 2015 we had 12 Sustainable Living brands which grew 30% faster than the rest of

the business and delivered nearly half our growth.

In 2016 the number of Sustainable Living brands in our top 40 brands rose to 18, and

they again grew faster than the rest of the business ­ this time by 50%. Combined,

they delivered more than 60% of Unilever’s growth in 2016. Our six biggest brands are

Sustainable Living brands – household favourites such as Knorr, Dove, Dirt is Good

(our laundry brands, which have different names in different markets), Lipton, Rexona

and Hellmann’s. See Embedding sustainability (/sustainable­living/our­

strategy/embedding­sustainability/) for more.

Our Sustainable Business team supports our top 40 brands on integrating

sustainability through workshops, ‘how to toolkits’ and best practice guidance. External

partnerships bring the latest thinking into the business to help and inspire our brands.

For example, our partnership with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation encourages

innovation around the Circular Economy.

Encouraging sustainable innovation
Our Chief R&D Officer and R&D teams have a target to increase the contribution to

business growth and innovation made by sustainable living products, those that

improve health, well­being or nutrition, reduce environmental impacts or use

sustainably sourced ingredients.

Product teams use our Eco Design tool to assess choices of ingredients, formulation

and packaging against USLP targets in areas such as Health & Hygiene, Nutrition,

GHG emissions, Waste, Water and Sustainable sourcing and see whether the mix is

the same, better or worse against a comparison product. Results from the tool are

linked to our Innovation Project Management (IPM) system for review by senior

leaders.

Product sustainability is tracked through category scorecards which are reviewed

quarterly by our Global Division Leadership Teams (GDLT). These show overall

performance against USLP targets for that category and the sustainability performance

of the 10 highest value projects and which projects are delivering the most impact.

Our biggest innovation projects are managed through the GDLTs with each project

having to secure approval before progressing. The project’s sustainability performance

is reviewed alongside results for consumer testing, business case and supply chain

viability in determining whether or not a project is approved.

Spotlight

brightFuture - creating an employee movement for
sustainable growth

brightFuture is our employee engagement programme across all our markets

that brings our purpose to life for our employees. It’s about demonstrating how

everything we do as a business and as individuals, can deliver sustainable

growth.

Throughout the year we create opportunities for our people to experience what

sustainable growth looks like in practice through our brands. As a result, they’re

our story tellers; talking to friends and family about how we’re creating a

brighter future and building advocates inside and outside the organisation.

Here are some examples of how our employees contributed in 2016:

Dove Day – Over 3,000 employees ran Dove self­esteem workshops in

schools in 37 countries, helping more than 30,000 young people worldwide.

“Dove Day is a great opportunity to live and experience the USLP first­hand. It

is a very gratifying experience to see that with a small action you can help

some children to improve their self­esteem.” ­ Sandra, Brand Manager, Unilever

Spain

Global Handwashing Day – Over 5,000 employees visited schools to teach

children the healthy habit of washing their hands with soap.

World Food Day – Our employees went out to their local communities setting

up soup kitchens, volunteering in foodbanks, packing food parcels for those

less fortunate helping donate over 85,000 meals in addition to the 1 million

donated by our Knorr brand.

It’s opportunities like these that make our employees feel they play a part and

contribute to our purpose of making sustainable living commonplace.

Related links



Embedding sustainability (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)



Previous

Helping our
people drive
sustainable
growth

Helping our people
drive sustainable
growth

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/helping­
our­people­drive­sustainable­
growth/)

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/helping­
our­people­drive­sustainable­
growth/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

UN Sustainable Development Goals
Our scale and reach mean we’re well placed to both contribute to and

benefit from the SDGs.

Rebooting capitalism
Business must serve society. But today, our current form of capitalism is leaving too

many people behind. The gap between the haves and the have­nots is rising, the

planet is under severe strain, and trust in business is at an all­time low.

Many are arguing that a more inclusive form of capitalism is sorely needed.

We agree. We believe that it is not possible to achieve long­term business success in

a world which contains poverty, hunger and climate change. But can business really

help drive a reboot of the current system? At Unilever, we think the answer is 'yes'.

An action plan for the world
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), launched by the United Nations in 2015,

are an excellent vehicle for driving this change. They represent an action plan for the

planet and society to thrive by 2030 – addressing poverty, hunger and climate change,

among other issues central to human progress and sustainable development, such as

gender equality, clean water and sanitation, and responsible consumption and

production.

 
Spotlight

There from the start, committed to the end

We contributed to the development of the SDGs, recognising their strategic

importance both to our business and the world – and we're committed to

helping achieve them.

2012: Our former CEO, Paul Polman, served on the UN’s High­Level Panel

of Eminent Persons on the Post­2015 Development Agenda, seeking to

ensure that the voice of business was included.

2014: Unilever co­ordinated the development of a  Post­2015 Business

Manifesto (PDF | 3MB) (http://unsdsn.org/wp­

content/uploads/2014/10/Business­manifesto.pdf), endorsed by more than

20 leading international companies, laying out a vision for strengthening the

ability of business to substantially help achieve the SDGs.

2015: The UN General Assembly adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable

Development, including 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

2016: Former CEO Paul Polman began serving on the UN Secretary­

General’s Advocacy Group for the Global Goals.

2017: Unilever co­founded the Business & Sustainable Development

Commission in 2016, culminating in the launch of a seminal report in 2017,

 Better Business, Better World (PDF | 6MB)

(http://report.businesscommission.org/uploads/BetterBiz­

BetterWorld_170215_012417.pdf), on the business case for action on the

SDGs.

A new way of doing business
We have long recognised that the only acceptable business model for Unilever is one

in which the planet and society thrive. That’s why in 2010, well before the SDGs came

into being, we launched the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) – our blueprint

for sustainable growth which responds to the challenges and opportunities of an

increasingly resource­constrained and unequal world.

Our vision for a new way of doing business – one that delivers growth by serving

society and the planet – is strongly aligned with the SDGs. By inspiring every brand, in

every country, to make a positive social impact and reduce our environmental footprint,

the USLP harnesses our scale and influence to help bring about a better world.

The size of the prize
This isn’t capitalism with compromise. Unilever is a company, not a charity. By using

our resources as a business to address issues such as nutrition, sanitation, hygiene,

and climate change, we are delivering short­term and long­term benefits for

shareholders as well as society.

We're convinced that achieving the SDGs will be good for the global economy, and for

business in general. The opportunities that this transformation creates will be

enormous – market opportunities of up to US$12 trillion a year, and up to 380 million

new jobs by 2030, according to the  Business & Sustainable Development

Commission (PDF | 6MB) (http://report.businesscommission.org/uploads/BetterBiz­

BetterWorld_170215_012417.pdf).

An unstoppable force
Companies have a once­in­a­lifetime opportunity to embrace the SDGs as a driver of

business growth. If they fail to get behind systems change and the kind of inclusive

capitalism laid out by the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the costs and

uncertainty of doing business will swell. On the other hand, if a critical mass of

companies joins the movement for system change, it will create an unstoppable force.

We don’t pretend it will be easy. Change never is. Nor do we claim to have arrived

there yet. But we are on the journey and hope that many other companies will also

seize the opportunities that the SDGs present.

“

Business cannot thrive in the long term unless the

world makes progress towards the SDGs. For us, that

means applying an SDG lens to every aspect of

strategy: appointing the right leaders, innovating to

create sustainable solutions, marketing products and

services that inspire consumers to make sustainable

choices, and using the goals to guide leadership

development and women’s empowerment at every

level.

”

Paul Polman, former CEO

The pathway to 2030
To achieve the goals, and benefit from them, we know the transformation has to begin

with ourselves. The USLP is driving change within our business. Many of the goals of

the USLP are closely related to the SDGs – and so action on the USLP contributes to

the SDGs. In our latest Sustainable Living Report (/sustainable­living/our­sustainable­

living­report­hub/) we have shown where the strongest connections are, and where we

are making the biggest contribution. It’s a start – and we aim to move to more in­depth

reporting on SDGs in the future.

At the same time, we know that the actions of a single business acting alone will not

create the systemic change that's needed to achieve the vision set out by the SDGs.

So, alongside our USLP, we're working on global and local partnerships that aim to

transform current business models to address poverty, inequality and environmental

challenges.

Why partnership will unlock progress towards the SDGs

Rebecca Marmot, Global Vice President, Advocacy and Partnerships, explains

how SDG17 is the key that will unlock progress for all other SDGs.

“Transformational change requires transformational partnerships. That means

new ways of doing business – not just for us, but for everyone who wants to see

the vision of the SDGs become a reality.

The SDGs are not 17 individual goals. They are a universal agenda with 17 inter­

connected goals. Progress in one goal can both depend on and unlock progress

in another – and interconnected goals require an interconnected approach.

Business, governments and civil society all have a role to play, through innovative

partnerships, with new types of funding – multi­sector, multi­stakeholder, blending

public and private. There's a good reason why partnerships for the goals are

themselves an SDG – Goal 17.

We're already working with a wide range of partners, including NGOs,

governments and other businesses, and exploring innovative approaches that

drive progress towards the SDGs. For example,  TRANSFORM

(http://www.transform.global/Intro.aspx), our partnership with the UK

government's DFID, brings private sector creativity and a public–private finance

model to bear on persistent developmental challenges. By aiming to enable 100

million people in sub­Saharan Africa and Asia to gain access to products and

services that have been shown to improve health, livelihoods, the environment or

wellbeing, it addresses a wide range of SDGs.

These interconnections can be found throughout our work. For instance,

empowering women in our value chain by challenging gender norms and

unlocking women's personal and economic potential is a key strategic priority for

us. Our efforts directly address gender equality (SDG5), as well as other SDGs

such as alleviating poverty (SDG1) and hunger (SDG2), good health and

wellbeing (SDG3), and decent work and economic growth (SDG8).

We use the power of our brands to communicate about the issues the SDGs are

tackling, such as Domestos on ending open defecation, Pureit on access to clean

drinking water and Lifebuoy on the importance of handwashing to combat disease

and diarrhoea. These brands collectively address water, sanitation and hygiene

(SDG6).

Of course, creating system­level change can be challenging – but we're seeing

real progress, and our business is growing as a result. Building new connections

that enable us to contribute to transformation through advocacy and

implementation will continue to be key to success – for our business and for the

SDGs.”

Making a real impact, where it matters

The SDGs represent an ambitious vision. And ensuring that vision is translated to the

streets, businesses and fields where people spend their daily lives, means there is a

huge implementation job to be done. Of course, while the SDGs are a multi­

stakeholder agenda, the targets were designed with nation states and supra­national

bodies in mind. Much of that work must be led by governments and agencies such as

the UN.

But business has a critical role to play too. As countries around the world seek to align

their policies with the SDGs, business needs to be part of the conversation and part of

the solution.

In it together: how we aim to increase our positive impact in
Bangladesh

Tanzeen Ferdous, Head of Home Care and Foods and Refreshment, Unilever

Bangladesh, describes the opportunity for greater impact when private, public and

non­governmental agencies all align to achieve the SDGs.

“When it comes to making progress against the SDGs, there are few countries in

the world that can match Bangladesh. Of course, Bangladeshis still face many,

many challenges. But this is the birthplace of some of the world's best­known

NGOs, who have been key to combating poverty and unlocking potential. At the

same time, the government's five­year economic plan is specifically aligned with,

and tracked against, the SDGs.

Then there is the private sector – including Unilever. We have a long history of

achieving positive social impact in Bangladesh, which gives us a real platform to

make a difference.

Programmes led by brands such as Rin, Vaseline, Knorr, Pepsodent, and

Lifebuoy have already helped to improve the health and wellbeing of

Bangladeshis for many years.

What is clear is that there are huge opportunities to achieve even greater impact

– by aligning these activities directly with the SDGs, and with other stakeholders.

For example, in February 2018, we agreed a  partnership

(https://www.unilever.com.bd/news/news­and­features/2018/undp­and­unilever­

sign­mou­to­work­together­on­sdgs.html) with UNDP specifically aimed at

collaborations that will help achieve the SDGs – in particular, helping to ensure

safe drinking water for Bangladeshis, in support of clean water and sanitation

(SDG6), through our Pureit brand.

Do we want to do more, and align more closely with the public and third sector

efforts? Yes – and there’s undoubtedly more work to do to bring them together.

But as the UNDP partnership shows, businesses such as ours have a real role to

play in bringing together the kind of multi­stakeholder approaches that are needed

to achieve the SDGs.”

The difference we're making
Unilever is one of the world’s leading consumer goods companies, making and selling

around 400 brands. Every day, 2.5 billion people use our products in more than 190

countries. Given our scale and reach, we are making progress across many of the

SDGs through our USLP.

In 2017, we mapped the SDGs to the nine pillars of the USLP – with 14 having a

strong and direct link. Further information on how we are taking action on these SDGs

can be found throughout our Sustainable Living Report (/sustainable­living/our­

sustainable­living­report­hub/). For completeness, we have outlined our contribution to

all SDGs below.

UN Global Goals

SDG1: No poverty

While the global poverty rate has halved since 2000, 800 million people

worldwide continue to live below the international poverty line of $1.90 a day.

Building the incomes and economic resilience of people living in extreme

poverty will underpin the success of all the SDGs – and play a key part in

unlocking the estimated  $12 trillion in market opportunities (PDF ­ 5.8MB)

(http://report.businesscommission.org/uploads/BetterBiz­

BetterWorld_170215_012417.pdf) that entails. We know that our future success

relies on growing economies and a widening consumer base. There is simply no

business case for the alternative: enduring poverty.

Our products are sold in more than 190 countries, generating income and

employment for retailers and distributors who bring our brands to consumers.

We have an opportunity to increase millions of people's economic opportunities

and enhance their livelihoods while strengthening our own sales and supply

networks.

Our USLP target is to positively impact the lives of 5.5 million people by

improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/) who supply major brands such as Lipton, Wall's,

Magnum and Ben & Jerry's, improving the incomes of small­scale retailers

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­

scale­retailers­for­growth/) and increasing the participation of young

entrepreneurs (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/helping­young­entrepreneurs/) in our value chain.

Inclusive distribution models – including Shakti in India and our retailer training

programmes such as Kabisig in the Philippines – are designed to unlock

potential by enabling women, in particular, to boost their incomes while

increasing the reach of our sales networks and supporting our growth.

At the same time, we're committed to ensuring our employees receive a living

wage (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/fair­

compensation/) and all workers in our supply chain are paid a  fair wage (PDF

| 5MB) (/Images/slp­unilever­responsible­sourcing­policy­2014_tcm244­

409819_en.pdf).

SDG2: Zero hunger

Around 800 million people are undernourished globally and an estimated 155

million children under five years old are stunted. Hunger at these levels, in a

world where one­third of food is never eaten, is a humanitarian and economic

crisis – malnutrition has lasting effects on the development of individuals and

societies.

Our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­

well­being/improving­nutrition/sustainable­nutrition/) – foods and refreshment

that taste good, feel good and are a force for good. Through brand programmes

such as Knorr's partnerships with the World Food Programme and others, we're

aiming to provide more than 200 billion servings – with at least one of the five

key micronutrients – by 2022. And we're committed to doubling the proportion of

our portfolio that meets the Highest Nutritional Standards (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/), from 30% to 60%,

based on globally recognised dietary guidelines – we'd reached 39% by 2017.

But we believe we can make an even bigger contribution to achieve Sustainable

Nutrition for all when we work with others to help transform the global food

system. So, we’re working with organisations such as the World Economic

Forum’s New Vision for Agriculture and the SDG2 Advocacy Hub, to build public

awareness and advocate food system reform. We also play a leading role in the

Food Reform for Sustainability and Health (FReSH) Coalition and the Food and

Land Use Coalition.

Sustainable Nutrition means minimising food waste from farm (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/reducing­our­

environmental­impact­in­foods­and­refreshment/) to fork. We’ve committed to

halving food waste by 2025 and have signed a commitment to switch to a

standardised system of food expiry dates by 2020.

SDG3: Good health and well­being

Despite major advances in recent decades, millions of people die each year

from preventable causes. These deaths often occur disproportionately in the

world's developing regions. The lack of safe water, sanitation and hygiene, for

example, contributes to the deaths of more than 1.4 million children under five

each year from diarrhoea and pneumonia (see also SDG6).

At the same time, ill­health, whether mental or physical, can prevent individuals

reaching their full potential, with a knock­on effect on their communities and

economies.

Many of our best­known brands – including Lifebuoy, Domestos and Signal –

are driving our USLP commitment to help more than 1 billion people take action

to improve their health and wellbeing, reaching over 600 million people by 2017.

Lifebuoy's handwashing (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/) campaign alone

aims to change the hygiene behaviour of 1 billion consumers across Asia, Africa

and Latin America. Domestos is working to improve access to sanitation through

a combination of partnerships, market­based models and advocacy. And

Signal/Pepsodent is promoting oral health, reaching nearly 78 million people by

2017 to encourage better brushing habits.

Our safety (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/building­a­safer­business/), health and wellbeing (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/improving­employee­

health­nutrition­and­well­being/) programmes are helping to improve the health

of our employees and those we work with. This includes a focus on tackling

HIV/AIDS (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/improving­employee­health­nutrition­and­well­being/tackling­hiv­

aids/) in our workplaces in Africa, where the incidence of HIV at our sites is now

below the average and the mortality rate has dropped by up to 50%.

SDG4: Quality education

Many of the targets of SDG4 focus on ensuring that people receive equal

access to education – throughout their lives. This means eliminating gender

disparities in education, among other barriers, and providing people with skills

and training that contribute to sustainable development.

Using education to remove the barriers faced by people in their daily lives plays

a huge role in the USLP – and we see it as a critical element in our future

growth. Empowering women, in particular, is key to our future prosperity and the

achievement of the SDGs.

We're committed to enhancing access to training and skills for women

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/enhancing­

womens­access­to­training­skills/) throughout our value chain – and by 2017,

we had enabled around 1.2 million women to access initiatives aiming to

develop their skills. Brands including Radiant, Sunsilk, TRESemmé and Dove

are playing a vital role – giving women confidence, skills and entrepreneurial

training through a range of programmes. Our programmes to support small­

scale retailers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/empowering­small­scale­retailers­for­growth/) with training and skills –

which had reached 1.6 million people by 2017 – include Shakti and Kabisig,

which focus on unlocking the potential of women.

At the same time, as another part of building a more inclusive business

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/), we have enabled

over 700,000 smallholder farmers, many of whom are women, to access

initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices. For example, our tea

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/sustainable­tea­leading­the­industry/) business in Kenya alone has

helped around 86,000 lead farmers – including around 42,000 women – improve

their skills at Farmer Field Schools.

SDG5: Gender equality

According to McKinsey, as much as $28 trillion could be added to the global

GDP by 2025 by advancing women’s equality. However, based on current

trends, the World Economic Forum predicts that it will take 217 years for the

workplace gender gap to close. Addressing gender equality is a moral and

economic imperative. For Unilever, gender equality delivers tangible business

benefits by widening the pool of experience and expertise across our supply

chain and in our workforce. Most of the people who buy our products are

women, making this critical to our future growth.

Our brands are seizing the opportunity through education (see also SDG4) and

programmes creating opportunities for women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/). Dove, one of Unilever’s biggest brands

which grew at 6% in 2017, has reached around 29 million young people since

2004 through its body confidence and self­esteem educational programmes

(/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/building­body­confidence­and­self­esteem/). As well as raising

awareness about body confidence, our data reveals that awareness of the

programmes, such as the Dove Self­Esteem Project, correlates with higher

intent to purchase our products.

We are also taking action within our business on gender equality (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/advancing­diversity­and­

inclusion/). Forty­seven per cent of our management are now women and our

 Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF | 449KB) (/Images/unilever­

framework­for­fair­compensation­2015­final_tcm244­502647_en.pdf) is helping

to ensure equal pay for equal work.

Across our distribution network and supply chain, we are supporting small­scale

retailers and smallholder farmers – many of whom are women – to extend our

reach and secure supplies of vital agricultural raw materials, through

programmes such as Shakti and Kabisig Summits (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­scale­

retailers­for­growth/) which are designed to unlock potential by enabling women

to boost their incomes.

SDG6: Clean water and sanitation

Nearly a billion people defecate in the open and around 2.5 billion people live

without adequate sanitation. Addressing water, sanitation and hygiene needs is

a significant opportunity for Unilever. Several of our brands directly address

these needs through innovative partnerships which drive growth and deliver

positive impact at scale.

Domestos (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/toilets­for­a­better­tomorrow/), which grew 10% in 2017, has committed

to help 25 million people gain improved access to a toilet. Through our

partnership with UNICEF, over 10 million people between 2012 and 2016 gained

access to a toilet through behaviour­change interventions and capacity­building

initiatives – contributing positively to consumer sentiment around the brand.

Pureit (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/providing­safe­drinking­water/), our water purification business, is

another brand that is well positioned to address clean water needs in India. It

has provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water since 2005 through the sale

of water purifiers, well on its way towards its ambition of providing 150 billion

litres by 2020.

Lifebuoy (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/) is the world’s number one

antibacterial soap, sold in nearly 60 countries, which grew 6% in 2017. It has

championed the message of better health through hygiene for well over a

century. Since 2010, its programme has reached over 426 million people

through schools, health clinics and community outreach – boosting sales in

countries with high rates of diarrhoea­related child deaths, such as India.

SDG7: Affordable and clean energy

If we don't tackle climate change, economic growth and progress against all the

SDGs will be severely hampered. Achieving SDG7 is, in part, about transitioning

to a low­carbon economy – and we want our business to play a leading role.

That's why, in 2015, we set ourselves the bold ambition of becoming carbon

positive (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/) by 2030. Since

then, we’ve been making real progress, continuing our investments in energy

efficiency and increasing our use of renewable energy across our factory

network.

In 2017, we extended the scope of our target from manufacturing sites only to

all operations including distribution centres, offices, R&D laboratories and data

centres. Sourcing our energy from 100% renewable sources by 2030 – a key

element of our carbon positive ambition – will make us a more competitive

business and help create a better future where energy is clean, reliable and

affordable for all. In 2017, we met a third of our global energy needs from

renewable sources.

We are also looking at ways to directly support the generation of more

renewable energy than we consume, by making the surplus available to the

markets and communities where we operate. At the same time, we continue to

work on using less energy per tonne of production. Since 2008, we've reduced

energy from our operations by over a quarter per tonne of production.

SDG8: Decent work and economic growth

We want to build on the value (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/creating­and­sharing­wealth/) we already create

and share economically – including the €5.4 billion we pay in wages, the €34

billion we spend annually on goods and services, and the €3.9 billion we pay in

tax.

One of the most obvious ways a global business, such as Unilever, can

contribute to the SDGs is by helping to stimulate economic growth, by growing

our own business. The USLP – which is at the heart of our business model – is

explicitly designed to achieve sustainable growth.

As a fundamental principle, growth must not come at the expense of the planet

or people – especially vulnerable workers. There are still between 20–40 million

people working in forms of modern slavery worldwide – and over 150 million

children working when they should be in education. This is unacceptable, as are

any abuses of human rights.

We aim to use our influence over our own supply chains which connect us to

millions of people, to advance and promote human rights wherever we operate.

Our commitment to Fairness in the workplace (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/) is guided by the principle that business

can only flourish in societies in which human rights are respected, advanced

and upheld. Our  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­

progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf) details our progress.

SDG9: Industry, innovation and infrastructure

Low­carbon technologies, circular approaches and breakthrough business

models can support enterprise and transform industries, especially in the

developing world. To succeed, we must nurture innovative technologies and

new ways of doing business.

We're already exploring new business models that we believe have the potential

to transform small­scale retail – using digital technology and the power of

partnership to reach billions of consumers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/empowering­small­scale­retailers­for­growth/)

through innovative distribution systems, many of which provide new

entrepreneurial opportunities for women (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/). Forging stronger connections with

smallholder farmers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­

business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/), through

digital platforms such as  mFarmer (http://mfarmer.co/), is key to our ambition

of transforming the global food system.

As a manufacturer, of course, we contribute to this goal in other ways too. Our

ambition to become carbon positive (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­

operations/) by 2030, for example, means we're investing in clean technologies,

increasing our energy efficiency and switching to renewable energy sources.

Since we achieved our target of sending zero non­hazardous waste

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/going­

beyond­zero­waste­to­landfill/) to landfill from our factories in 2014, we've gone

further. In January 2017, we committed to ensuring that 100% of our plastic

packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by

2025, a step towards a more circular plastic economy.

At the same time, our business is fuelled by innovation

(/about/innovation/innovation­in­unilever/), driven by more than 6,000 Unilever

R&D professionals. We invest around €900 million in R&D each year, and we

hold a portfolio of more than 20,000 patents and patent applications.

SDG10: Reduced inequalities

The gap between the haves and the have­nots is already too great – and, in

many places, it is growing, as wealth and opportunity are shared inequitably.

This is simply not fair or sustainable. The system has to change. The USLP

commits us to new ways of business that will contribute to equitable growth, a

process that starts in our own workplace.

Supported by our policies and  Code of Business Principles and Code

Policies (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­

policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf) that prohibit discrimination, our  Framework

for Fair Compensation (PDF | 449KB) (/Images/unilever­framework­for­fair­

compensation­2015­final_tcm244­502647_en.pdf) is designed to achieve

equality of opportunity for all employees, and provide fair and liveable

compensation. And through our  Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF | 5MB)

(/Images/slp­unilever­responsible­sourcing­policy­2014_tcm244­

409819_en.pdf), we extend our principles to our suppliers.

We know that policies, while critical, are not enough in themselves. Tackling

inequalities means tackling the attitudes and stereotypes that sustain them – as

we're doing through our work to challenge harmful gender norms throughout our

value chain. That can take the form of brand­led initiatives. Our Surf

(/news/news­and­features/Feature­article/2017/surf­launches­partnership­with­

oxfam.html) brand, for example, began a unique three­year partnership with

Oxfam in 2017 that aims to expand choices for women and girls by recognising,

reducing and redistributing the amount of time they spend on unpaid care work.

It also includes the way products are marketed. Our Unstereotype campaign,

launched in 2016, challenged every one of our global brands to move away from

unhelpful stereotypes in its advertising. By 2017, we'd helped build the

Unstereotype Alliance (/news/press­releases/2017/launch­of­unstereotype­

alliance­set­to­eradicate­outdated­stereotypes­in­advertising.html), a

partnership with UN Women and other businesses aimed at eliminating gender

stereotypes from advertising altogether.

SDG11: Sustainable cities and communities

Around 5 billion people are expected to live in cities by 2030. The rapid growth

of cities has already brought enormous challenges, including slums, increased

air pollution and inadequate sanitation. So what can we, as a consumer goods

business, do to make those cities better places to live?

Part of the answer lies with our health and hygiene (/sustainable­

living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­hygiene/) brands – household

names such as Lifebuoy, Domestos and Signal – which produce everyday

products such as soaps, toilet cleaners and toothpastes that help prevent

diseases prevalent in cities lacking basic services. Our USLP commitment is to

help 1 billion people improve their health and hygiene – and by 2017, we'd

reached over 600 million people.

We can also make sure that our activities don't have a negative impact on the

urban environment. We're committed, for example, to halving the waste

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/)

associated with the disposal of our products by 2020 and within our own

operations, we have already achieved zero waste to landfill in our global factory

network. Where there is limited infrastructure for recycling waste, we have a

number of programmes in place to work with consumers, retailers, and

municipal authorities – such as our Community Waste Bank Programme in

Indonesia.

And at our  Suvidha Community Hygiene Centre in India (PDF | 2MB)

(https://www.hul.co.in/Images/suvidha_hygiene_centre_tcm1255­

495963_en.pdf), located in one of Mumbai’s many slums, we bring together a

range of approaches to tackling hygiene, lack of laundry facilities and safe

drinking water, and poor sanitation – demonstrating the kind of holistic thinking

needed to make city life better.

SDG12: Responsible consumption and production

As a consumer goods company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and

consequences of the ‘take­make­dispose’ model of consumption. And we want

to change it.

The USLP is anchored on the need to decouple our business growth from our

environmental impact – including how our products are made and used.

An essential part of this is using resources more efficiently during the making of

our products – and we have set ourselves targets to significantly reduce our

greenhouse gas emissions (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/), water use (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/water­use/) and waste (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) associated with manufacturing.

Since 2008, we have cut CO2 from energy by 47%, water abstraction by 39%

and total waste disposed by 98% per tonne of production.

While our efforts to use resources more efficiently in production are important,

our biggest impacts come through the use of our products. That’s why we have

committed to ensure 100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully

reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025, leading the way towards a more

circular plastics economy (see also SDG14) (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/rethinking­plastic­packaging/). We

are also working to reduce the water and GHG impacts of products through

innovations such as SmartFoam technology which reduces water use when

rinsing clothes.

These changes are necessary – and they are also helping to drive business

growth, because they connect with consumers. Unilever’s ‘Making Purpose Pay’

research shows that over 50% of consumers want to choose brands that are

more sustainable, and that demand for sustainable products cuts across

demographic and socio­economic groups.

SDG13: Climate action

Few now seriously challenge the need for urgent action on climate change –

from greening the grid to eliminating deforestation. Thanks to the Paris

Agreement, nearly 200 countries are pressing ahead with low­carbon reforms,

helping to open up around $23 trillion in opportunities for climate­smart

investments by 2030. Investing to eliminate carbon emissions from our

operations is the smart choice for Unilever, reducing costs and risk. For

example, our eco­efficiency savings have avoided cumulative energy costs of

over €490 million since 2008.

We have already increased the amount of energy purchased from renewable

sources and aim to eliminate coal from our energy mix by 2020 – with an

ambition to become carbon positive (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/how­were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­

operations/) by 2030, making the surplus energy available to the markets and

communities where we operate.

Unilever has long recognised the interdependency of climate and forests. We

helped lead the Consumer Goods Forum towards a zero­deforestation

commitment across four commodities, including palm oil. We are tackling

deforestation in the palm oil industry (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/)

through our own sustainable palm oil commitment and partnerships. We have

committed to invest up to $25 million between 2018 and 2022 to support

sustainable commodity projects via the &Green fund. Our investment will focus

on smallholder palm oil farmers in Indonesia, thereby securing the supply of

sustainable palm oil.

In support of enhanced disclosure of climate risk, Unilever has committed to

implement the Task Force on Climate­Related Financial Disclosure

recommendations, including the impact of 2°C and 4°C global warming

scenarios.

SDG14: Life below water

An estimated 100 million marine animals die each year due to discarded plastic

– and it is estimated that by 2050, there will be more plastic than fish in the

world’s oceans.

The root causes of ocean plastic are complex, but it is clear that urgent action is

needed on multiple fronts. One area of direct concern for Unilever is the fact that

just 14% of the plastic packaging used globally makes its way to recycling

plants, a third is left in fragile ecosystems and 40% ends up in landfill.

We want to lead the way towards a more circular plastics economy

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/rethinking­plastic­packaging/) – one which moves away from the

linear ‘take­make­dispose’ model of consumption, to one in which resources are

reused and recycled in a closed loop. As part of the systemic change this

transition will require, in 2017 we committed to ensuring that 100% of our plastic

packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by

2025.

This begins by making it technically possible for all our plastic packaging to be

reused or recycled – but it also means demonstrating that there are established,

proven examples of it being commercially viable for plastics re­processors to

recycle the material. Our plastic packaging commitment builds on our Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/waste­and­packaging/) target of increasing the recycled plastic content in

our packaging to 25% by 2025.

SDG15: Life on land

Globally, biodiversity is in decline. According to the  IUCN

(https://www.iucn.org/theme/species/our­work/iucn­red­list­threatened­species)

Red List, more than 23,000 species are threatened with extinction, including

41% of amphibians, 34% of conifers, 25% of mammals and 13% of birds.

Deforestation is a particular threat, as forests support 80% of terrestrial

biodiversity, and around 1.6 billion people worldwide depend on them for food,

medicines, fuel, shelter, jobs and livelihoods.

As one of the world’s largest users of agricultural raw materials including tea,

vegetables and vegetable oils such as palm and soy, we rely on the ecosystems

in which crops are grown – and on the prosperity of communities who are also

reliant on these ecosystems. So, the business case for protecting biodiversity is

quite simple: without biodiversity, there is no business. Yet agriculture is one of

the biggest drivers of deforestation. That means we need to change the way

agriculture works.

Protecting biodiversity is central to our Sustainable Agriculture Programme

(/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­

approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­programme/),

which drives our work with suppliers and farmers, and is at the heart of our

USLP commitment to source our agricultural raw materials sustainably. At the

same time, we've joined others in our industry in a commitment to zero net

deforestation associated with four commodities – palm oil, soy, paper and

board, and beef – no later than 2020. We have extended this commitment to our

tea businesses and supply chains.

Our particular focus is on palm oil sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/),

where we have the scale to make a difference – and where dedicated work with

suppliers and smallholders is at the heart of our commitment to source 100%

physically certified palm oil for our core volumes by 2019.

SDG16: Peace, justice and strong institutions

Peaceful and just societies are of course good for the people who live in them –

and they are also good for business, which flourishes when those around it

succeed. We have a shared responsibility to contribute to building and

maintaining inclusive, sustainable societies where human rights and the rule of

law are respected, and to act with integrity and within the law at all times, in

accordance with our principles and values (/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­

principles/).

We aim to have a positive influence across our value chain, working with

suppliers, distributors and all third parties to raise the bar on issues such as

human rights, anti­bribery and corruption. Our commitment to advancing human

rights (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/)

through our business is embedded in our USLP, supported by our transparent

approach to reporting through our Sustainable Living Report (/sustainable­

living/) and our  Human Rights Report (PDF | 10MB) (/Images/human­rights­

progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf).

But we believe we have a further responsibility – to show leadership where

systemic change is needed. In many parts of the world, for example, inequality

is widening, labour rights worsening, and bribery and corruption still all too

common. Globally there is an increasingly vulnerable migrant workforce,

potentially resulting in human trafficking and forced labour. We have a clear duty

to address these issues through partnership.

SDG17: Partnerships for the goals

The social and environmental change required to meet the SDGs cannot be

addressed by one business acting alone. Zero hunger, zero poverty, climate

action, eradicating modern slavery – these are transformational goals, and they

require transformational change, brought about by a concerted effort. Business,

governments and civil society all have a role to play.

We’re involved in a wide range of partnerships, which often include new types of

funding and new ways of working, whether with fellow companies or with other

agencies.  The Consumer Goods Forum

(https://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com/initiatives/environmental­

sustainability/key­projects/deforestation/)’s sector­wide commitment to zero net

deforestation by 2020, and the Unstereotype Alliance (/news/press­

releases/2017/launch­of­unstereotype­alliance­set­to­eradicate­outdated­

stereotypes­in­advertising.html), a partnership with UN Women and other

businesses aimed at eliminating gender stereotypes from advertising, are good

examples of what’s possible.

Our global partnerships (/sustainable­living/transformational­change/) with

NGOs and others address issues ranging from water and sanitation, to

sustainable sourcing, to improving health and nutrition. Many harness the

strength of our brands – such as the  Vaseline® Healing Project

(http://healingproject.vaseline.us/), a partnership with NGO Direct Relief which

aims to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020.

But we want to go much further – both in the impact of our partnerships, and in

their alignment with the SDGs. A good example is  TRANSFORM

(http://www.transform.global/Intro.aspx), our partnership with the UK

government's DFID, which uses a public–private finance model to address

persistent developmental challenges and aims to enable 100 million people in

sub­Saharan Africa and Asia to gain access to products and services that have

been shown to improve health, livelihoods, the environment or wellbeing.

External links



UN Sustainable Development Goals
(https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/topics/sustainabledevelopmentgoals)



Business and Sustainable Development Commission
(http://www.businesscommission.org/)



UN Global Compact Principles (https://www.unglobalcompact.org/)



World Business Council for Sustainable Development
(http://old.wbcsd.org/sdghub/toolsresources.aspx)



UN Secretary­General’s Advocacy Group for the Sustainable Development
Goals (http://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sdgadvocates/)



Previous

About our strategy

Embedding sustainability

Next 

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

Encouraging behaviour change
Inspiring people to adopt new behaviours is central to the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan. With our products touching the lives of 2.5 billion

people every day, even small changes to individual behaviour can make a

big difference.

Why is behaviour change important to us?
Creating a sustainable future will require fundamental changes in attitudes and

behaviours across society not just from governments and industry but individual

citizens too.

As one of the world’s leading consumer goods companies, we are constantly

researching the attitudes and needs of people around the world. Our expertise in

marketing and sustainability means that we can make a real contribution to inspiring

and enabling consumers to adopt more sustainable habits and products.

Behaviour change is fundamental to achieving the goals set out in the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan. Over two­thirds of our greenhouse gas impacts and 85% of

our water footprint is associated with consumer use. To tackle impacts across the

lifecycle of our products we have to understand and influence consumer behaviours.

Unilever's Five Levers for Change

Unilever's 5 Levers for Change
Unilever's 5 Levers for Change

 
Our Five Levers for Change is a practical tool that has been developed from our most

effective behaviour change campaigns. It is a set of principles which, if applied

consistently, will increase the likelihood of campaigns having a lasting impact. It is

published on our website to help others create successful campaigns.

When developing a behaviour change campaign we first look at:

Barriers – what are the things that stop people from adopting a new behaviour?

Triggers – how could we get people to start a new behaviour?

Motivators – what are the ways to help them stick with the new behaviour?

Next, we apply the Unilever Five Levers for Change:

Make it understood. Do people know about the behaviour? Do they believe it’s

relevant to them? This lever raises awareness and encourages acceptance.

Make it easy. Do people know what to do and feel confident doing it? Can they see

it fitting into their lives? This lever establishes convenience and confidence.

Make it desirable. Will doing this new behaviour fit with their actual or aspirational

self­image? Does it fit with how they relate to others or want to? This lever is about

‘self and society’ because humans are social animals.

Make it rewarding. Do people know when they’re doing the behaviour ‘right’? Do

they get some sort of reward for doing it? This lever demonstrates the proof and

payoff.

Make it a habit. Once people have made a change, what can we do to help them

keep doing it? This lever is about reinforcing and reminding.

What have we learnt?
We have learnt that marketing and market research can be powerful forces for

behaviour change. Many of our brands have run successful health and hygiene

behaviour change campaigns from reducing disease through regular hand washing

with soap (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/health­and­

hygiene/healthy­handwashing­habits­for­life/helping­people­get­into­healthy­hygiene­

habits/) to improving oral health (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­

being/health­and­hygiene/improving­oral­health/) through regular teeth brushing. We

are also starting to apply our approach to environmental challenges, such as the

Comfort One Rinse campaign to encourage people to use less water when rinsing

clothes.

We are working with authorities in the field to ensure that we are connected to the

latest behavioural change thinking and practice and we share what we learn to help

others.

Spotlight

Learning to listen - Naturals and Organics

We listen to consumers desires for what they want from us and, with an

increased desire for naturalness and authenticity, we respond.

We have a range of vegan and vegetarian products and actively endorse plant­

based lifestyles via positive, proactive consumer communication campaigns. By

the end of 2017, around 500 Unilever food products in Europe were endorsed

by the European Vegetarian Union and our global brands Hellmann’s and Ben

& Jerry’s now offer vegan and vegetarian variants. The category is also

encouraging more consumers and chefs to cook plant­based meals via our

Knorr and Unilever Food Solutions recipe hubs.

Between 2016 and 2017, we acquired Seventh Generation, Schmidt’s Naturals,

Mãe Terra, and Sir Kensington’s, supporting our expansion to naturals and

organics. Additionally, we launched natural extensions of Dove, Sunsilk and Dirt

is Good.

Related links

Downloads



Embedding sustainability
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/)



Inspiring Sustainable Living –
Expert insights into consumer
behaviour & Unilever’s Five
Levers for Change
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/unilever­project­
sunlight­inspiring­sustainable­
living­report_tcm244­
417252_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Five Lever’s for
Change
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/slp_5­levers­for­
change_tcm244­
414399_en.pdf)



Previous

Developing & engaging our people

Next 

Developing & engaging our people

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Developing & engaging our people
We are creating an organisation and culture where our employees are

empowered to act like entrepreneurs and business owners.

Unilever employs around 161,000 people. We are helping them people develop new

skills, new ways of working and new entrepreneurial leadership qualities within a

culture that values diversity in all its forms. In turn this helps us attract and retain the

best talent which is vital to accelerate long­term value creation.

The changing workplace
The macro forces described on page 8 of our Annual Report & Accounts have a

fundamental impact on the workplace. Competition for talent is intensifying. The

workforce is increasingly freelance and a job for life is no longer the norm. Once

employed, people require continuous learning to reinvent themselves and they expect

more flexibility in working practices.

The growth of artificial intelligence and robotics is disrupting work in ways that are still

being understood. Anxiety at work is on the rise and the composition of the workforce

is changing. Millennials will be 60% of Unilever’s own workforce by 2020. At the same

time the workforce is ageing and five generations may be working together in the same

company in the 18­80 workforce. In short, a one­size­fits­all human resource strategy

no longer works.

Our strategic approach to managing our workforce is: more simple, more human, more

impact. We want to reduce complexity, understand our people as individuals, not by

job titles or work levels, and personalise interventions to build the right leaders and

teams. We are taking action across a number of areas to make this happen.

Developing an owner's mindset
C4G, our largest organisational change programme in more than a decade, was fully

implemented during 2017 with the benefits to be realised progressively during 2018

and 2019. C4G encourages and equips people to adopt an owner’s mindset by giving

them more control through a simplified organisational and reward structure.

An owner’s mindset means more ownership and collaboration, clarity of purpose, more

test and learn, embracing failure to gain insight, and an obsession with customers and

consumers – ultimately driving long term value creation and financial rewards for our

employees. This mindset hands teams in local markets responsibility for business

results. They are encouraged to treat resources as if they were their own, helping

ensure we maintain the highest levels of efficiency.

Our C4G programme is the platform through which people are now empowered to

deploy our zero­based budgeting approach to allocating resources and our 5S

programme of supply chain margin improvement. This drives simplification,

partnerships with third parties, and smarter pricing policies in our channels. Part of

developing an owner’s mindset, and coping with the quicker pace of change in our

markets, is adopting an ‘always on’ learning culture. Learning and building capability is

critical in a hyper­connected world.

In 2017, we launched 'My Learning' powered by Degreed, a social learning platform

with a daily feed of materials customised to individual profiles, combining Unilever

content with external sources including TED Talks and MIT.

Spotlight

Linking reward to long-term sustainability performance

Behavioural change requires the right incentives. For 2,872 senior

management employees, incentives have been simplified to include fixed pay,

a bonus as a percentage of fixed pay and a long­term management co­

investment plan (MCIP) linked to financial and sustainability performance. The

sustainability dimension is based on progress against our USLP targets. In

addition, the long­term MCIP will be rolled out to the remainder of management

employees in 2018. For non­management employees, we have a share

purchase scheme so that everyone can have a stake in Unilever’s long­term

success.

See our Annual Report & Accounts for more details on how MCIP works

Gender diversity & inclusion
We are developing an inclusive culture, promoting gender balance and respecting the

contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual

orientation. Consistent with our  Code Policy (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­

business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf) on Respect, Dignity &

Fair Treatment, Unilever aims to ensure that applications for employment from

everyone are given full and fair consideration and that everyone is given access to

training, development and career opportunities.

The USLP sets out clear targets for expanding opportunities and enhancing access to

skills and training for women in our value chain. It also sets out our ambition to build a

gender­balanced workforce within Unilever, with 50% of women in management

positions by 2020. Our  Opportunities for Women white paper (PDF | 7MB)

(/Images/unilever­opportunities­for­women_tcm244­500987_en.pdf), published in

2017, contains more details on these targets.

We run programmes across Unilever aimed at attracting, retaining and developing

female talent. This includes developing candidates for potential future roles,

maintaining balanced slates, and practical help such as a minimum 16 weeks’ paid

maternity leave as a global standard – more than the regulatory requirement in over

50% of countries where we operate.

Pay and overall reward is intended to be gender neutral, with any differences between

employees in similar jobs reflecting performance and skill. Unilever has a long­

standing commitment to gender equality and fairness in the workplace based on equal

pay for equal work and achieving greater gender balance, particularly at management

levels. Gender pay gaps develop where there is a representational imbalance between

genders. Our Framework for Fair Compensation reviews average pay differences

between genders at each work level.

By the end of 2017, 47% of total management were women, up from 46% in 2016.

Among the top 93 executives, 22% were women (22% in 2016). Including employees

who are statutory directors of the corporate entities whose financial information is

included in the Group’s 2017 Annual Report & Accounts, the number increases to 510

males and 192 (27%) females. 38% (five out of 13) of the Board is female, compared

with 43% (six out of 14) in 2016. Of our total workforce of 160,566, 107,064 (67%)

were male and 53,502 (33%) were female at the end of 2017.

Our Human Resources metrics
We track a large number of HR related data to better understand our workforce. Some

of this information for the 1st January – 31st December for 2015­2017 can be found in

 Unilever HR Metrics (PDF | 83KB) (/Images/unilever­hr­metrics_tcm244­

523214_en.pdf). As some workforce data is classed as sensitive, we do not report

publicly on this.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Embedding sustainability
We are integrating sustainability into our brands, marketing and innovation

and exploring new ideas and approaches to achieve the goals in the

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Employees have a key role to play. We are giving them the knowledge and tools they

need to help drive our sustainable growth (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/about­our­

strategy/helping­our­people­drive­sustainable­growth/), particularly our marketing

teams who are central to developing brands with a sustainable living purpose. We aim

to use our marketing to encourage positive behaviour change and to share what we’ve

learnt in this area with others. See Encouraging behaviour change. (/sustainable­

living/our­strategy/embedding­sustainability/encouraging­behaviour­change/)

We are integrating sustainability into the way we engage, train and reward our people

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/embedding­sustainability/developing­and­engaging­

our­people/) and have embedded sustainability into our governance structures

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/our­sustainability­governance/). And we’re

collaborating with others in four areas where we’ve identified we can use our scale and

influence to bring about change to whole systems.

Purpose-led brands will drive growth
Putting sustainable living at the heart of our brands is inspiring our consumers and

growing our sales. The concept of ‘purpose­led’ brands is not new. Among our own

brands, Lifebuoy and Ben & Jerry’s have had a social or environmental purpose at

their heart since they were founded.

However, in today’s complex and interconnected world, a powerful purpose alone is

not enough and brands must look their impacts up and down the value chain and

across the public domain. Brands cannot do social good while harming the planet, or

improve the lives of women who buy our products while ignoring the working

conditions of the women who make them.

Purpose-led brands

Our Chief Marketing & Communications Officer, Keith Weed, leads our Marketing

function as well as our Sustainable Business & Communications team.

“By putting purpose at the heart of our brands we can move from marketing to

consumers to mattering to people. Purpose­led brands will drive growth for our

business, connect us with our consumers and deliver a positive social impact.”

Making purpose pay
In 2015, we carried out research to understand whether consumers’ views on

sustainability translate to actual purchasing choices . Our research revealed that over

1

50% of people want to buy brands that are more sustainable. It also revealed that

sustainability issues are relevant to consumers in both developed and emerging

markets. In 2017 we published the results of this research and our latest thinking on

how purpose­driven brands can drive growth in  Making Purpose Pay: Inspiring

Sustainable Living (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/making­purpose­pay­inspiring­sustainable­

living_tcm244­506468_en.pdf) to show how attitudes are changing.

We believe that if we want to effect change at scale, we will achieve this by making

large, successful, category­defining brands recognisably sustainable. Consumers are

becoming much more aware of the positive difference brands can make to social and

environmental issues, and also the difference they themselves can make through their

everyday shopping choices.

This has been fueled by the growth in social media and the opportunity it provides for

people to have closer, more intimate connections with brands. This in turn creates a

growing need for brands to generate content that resonates with their consumers’

values. Brands with a purpose help them do that.

 
We have created a definition of what makes a true ‘Sustainable Living’ brand. Such a

brand must not only have a clear purpose that, over time, helps to tackle a social or

environmental concern; the product itself must also contribute to one or more of the

targets we have set in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, which, in turn contribute to

the 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals.

To assess product and purpose, we developed a methodology to help us determine

how, and to what extent, each brand delivers against the two product and purpose

criteria. It enables brands to generate a systematic view of their progress across social

and environmental factors.

Our Sustainable Living brands include our six biggest brands –Knorr, Dove, Dirt is

Good (our laundry brands which have different names in different markets), Lipton,

Rexona and Hellmann’s. Since we started assessing Sustainable Living brands in

2015, they have consistently grown faster than our other brands every year. For

example, Domestos and Lifebuoy – two of our brands with purpose – grew 10% and

6% respectively in 2017.

1
 Unilever research in 2015 by Flamingo and Europanel

Related links

Downloads





Encouraging behaviour change
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/encouraging­
behaviour­change/)

Developing & engaging our
people (/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­
sustainability/developing­and­
engaging­our­people/)



About our strategy
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/)



Life cycle assessments
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/lifecycle­
assessments/)



Opportunities for women
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)





Making Purpose Pay: Inspiring
Sustainable Living
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/making­purpose­pay­
inspiring­sustainable­
living_tcm244­506468_en.pdf)

Inspiring Sustainable Living –
Expert insights into consumer
behaviour & Unilever’s Five
Levers for Change
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/unilever­project­
sunlight­inspiring­sustainable­
living­report_tcm244­
417252_en.pdf)



Annual Report and Accounts
2017
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/unilever­annual­
report­and­accounts­
2017_tcm244­516456_en.pdf)



Previous

UN Sustainable
Development
Goals

Our sustainability
governance

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­strategy/un­
sustainable­development­goals/)

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/our­sustainability­
governance/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Our sustainability governance
Strong governance structures and clear lines of accountability enable us to

deliver the commitments in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).

We also draw on insights from external experts to challenge our thinking.

Management structures
Our commitment to sustainable living is embedded into our business agenda through

our purpose, vision, business model and Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Our management structures for sustainable business are integrated into our

organisational framework. Key elements include:

Board level ­
governance
and oversight

The Boards of Unilever (Unilever PLC and N.V.)

The Boards (/investor­relations/agm­and­corporate­

governance/board­and­management­committees/) have the

ultimate responsibility for the management, general affairs,

direction, performance and long­term success of Unilever  

Corporate Responsibility Committee

Committee of Non­Executive Directors oversees Unilever’s

conduct as a responsible business and governance of our

conduct as a responsible company

Monitors the progress – and potential risk – of the USLP

and reports back on this to the Boards    

Audit Committee

Committee of Non­Executive Directors oversees Unilever's

approach to risk management, including the corporate risks

and related mitigation/response plans

Reviews significant breaches of the Code of Business

Principles as part of its remit to review risk management

Oversees the independent assurance programme for the

USLP

Unilever
Leadership
Executive
(ULE) ­
operational
leadership of
the business

The ULE (/about/who­we­are/our­leadership/), led by our

Chief Executive Officer (Alan Jope), is responsible for

managing profit and loss and delivering growth. It monitors

implementation and delivery of the USLP

At ULE level, sustainability and corporate responsibility are

championed and led by our Chief Marketing &

Communications Officer (Keith Weed)

 
 
Divisional and
function
leadership ­
strategic
development of
our goals

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Steering Team (USLP ST)

Supports the ULE and is accountable for ensuring our

sustainability goals are achieved. It meets five times a year

Chaired by Keith Weed, it includes a further 11 members of

ULE: our Chief Financial Officer (Graeme Pitkethly), our

Divisional Presidents (see below), President for Europe

(Hanneke Faber), President for N America & Global Head

of Customer Development (Amanda Sourry), Chief Supply

Chain Officer (Marc Engel), Chief R&D Officer (David

Blanchard), Chief HR Officer (Leena Nair) and Chief Legal

Officer (Ritva Sotamaa). It also includes senior

representatives from our Sustainable Business Team, Chief

Sustainability Office and Finance teams  

Foods and Refreshment (Nitin Paranjpe), Beauty &

Personal Care (Alan Jope) and Home Care (Kees

Kruythoff) Divisions

Our Divisional leadership and brand teams are responsible

for the strategic development of our sustainability goals

They work in conjunction with our Chief Supply Chain

Officer and Chief R&D Officer and the functions they lead

as well as our Chief Sustainability Office and Sustainable

Business team  

Chief Sustainability Officer (Jeff Seabright)

Leads the integration of sustainability into our business and

communications, working with our functions, divisions,

brands and country teams to open up opportunities for

business growth

Leads our external sustainability agenda to drive

transformational change across markets through advocacy

and partnerships

Member of our USLP Steering Team and supports our

Corporate Responsibility Committee

Unilever
operating
companies ­
responsible for
implementation

Our operating companies

Following the strategies of our divisions and functions, and

assisted by our Sustainable Business Team, our local

companies bring our sustainability goals to life as they drive

growth across the business

To ensure alignment between the different elements of our governance structure, ULE

member Keith Weed attends the Corporate Responsibility Committee meetings and

chairs the USLP Steering Team as well as our USLP Advisory Council (see External

insights below). Jeff Seabright reports to Keith Weed and supports him in these roles.

 
 
 
Specialist input and cross-team networks
We have a number of specialist groups in the business who provide input in key areas

and incorporate external advice from a variety of sources. Examples include:

Sustainable
Business
Team

Transforming our brands into purposeful brands and facilitating

the emergence of sustainable innovation. Headed by Karen

Hamilton, our Vice President, Sustainable Business and

member of the USLP Steering Team. The Sustainable Business

Team works alongside our R&D, Supply Chain and Marketing

and Divisional teams to embed sustainability into their market

development programmes and open up opportunities for

business growth. The team also leads on issues such as

circular economy

Energy Board

Drives delivery of our carbon positive ambition (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­

were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/) at corporate

and country level and leads strategic partnerships and policy on

renewables. Chaired by our Chief Supply Chain Officer, Marc

Engel

Water Board

Steers our strategy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/water­use/) and targets on Water, focusing on driving

water­smart innovations for business growth. Chaired by our

Home Care Category President, Kees Kruythoff

Sustainable
Packaging
Committee

Sustainable
Sourcing
Steering
Group

Steers our strategy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/waste­and­packaging/) and targets on sustainable

packaging, understanding stakeholder concerns and bringing in

new technologies and partnerships. Chaired by our Chief R&D

Officer David Blanchard

Supports our strategy (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/) by promoting

sustainable supply chains, focusing on long­term, sustainable

access to Unilever's key crops. Chaired by Dhaval Buch, our

Chief Procurement Officer

USLP Metrics
Team

A group of senior business leaders providing oversight and

governance of changes to USLP metrics including scope,

definitions and calculation methodologies. Chaired by Lysanne

Gray, our Executive Vice President Financial Control, Risk

Management, Pensions & Sustainability, who is also a member

of the USLP Steering Team

Safety &
Environmental
Assurance
Centre (SEAC)

Provides independent scientific evidence and guidance to

identify and manage risks relating to product safety and supply

chain technology as well as environmental impacts associated

with our brands, products and supply chain. SEAC’s expertise

in lifecycle assessment has been used to develop our

environmental metrics and approach to measuring our baseline

performance in greenhouse gases, water and waste. See Our

metrics (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/our­

metrics/)

Global Code &
Policy
Committee

Chaired by our Chief Legal Officer, Ritva Sotamaa, and

supported by our Chief Business Integrity Officer, Anny Tubbs.

Oversees the implementation of the Code of Business

Principles (/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­

principles/business­integrity/)

External insights
Our strategy benefits from insights and challenge from external stakeholders on an

ongoing basis through our day­to­day business operations, partnerships and broader

engagement.

In addition, we seek independent insights and counsel from external stakeholders, for

example the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Advisory Council, seven independent

external specialists in sustainability who guide and critique the development of our

strategy. ULE member and sustainability lead Keith Weed chairs the Council,

supported by Jeff Seabright, our Chief Sustainability Officer.

In 2018 we invited six new members to join the Council:

Professor Val Curtis, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine

Christiana Figueres, Mission 2020

Katja Iversen, Women Deliver

Bill McDonough, McDonough Innovation

Ricken Patel, Avaaz

Jonathon Porritt, Forum for the Future

Kavita Prakash Mani, WWF International.

Similarly, the role of our Sustainable Sourcing Advisory Board (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­

sustainable­sourcing/our­sustainable­agriculture­programme/) is to provide

independent advice and judgement and to strengthen policy­making within Unilever. It

comprises seven experts from not­for­profit organisations, impact investors,

companies and academia.

 
Related links



Our leadership (/about/who­we­are/our­leadership/)



Corporate governance (/investor­relations/agm­and­corporate­
governance/our­corporate­governance/)



Previous

Embedding
sustainability

Awards &
recognition

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/embedding­sustainability/)

(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/awards­and­recognition/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Awards & recognition
We participate in a number of specialist external corporate ratings and

rankings.

Highlights
Specialist agencies and organisations, including environmental groups, responsible

investment analysts, academics and institutes, publish a variety of ratings and

rankings of our global performance. Sometimes this is a result of our engagement with

them through questionnaires and in­depth discussions, and sometimes it is the

agencies' own research, in part analysing the data and information we disclose on our

website and through our annual online USLP Progress Report.

Here are some highlights of awards and recognition we have received from external

bodies on our social, economic and environmental performance since 2010:

2018

Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI)

Unilever increased its score to 6.7 and was named No 2 in 2018’s Global

Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition

programmes of the world’s largest food and beverage manufacturers. ATNI

commended our consistent focus on health and nutrition in the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), responsible approach to marketing, Global

Maternal Wellbeing Standard and efforts to address undernutrition.

 ATNI Global Index (https://www.accesstonutrition.org/)

DJSI 2018 results

Unilever was named leader of the Personal Products sector again in 2018.

Since partaking in the annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment, Unilever

has been top of its sector 19 times.

 DJSI 2018 results (https://www.robecosam.com/en/csa/csa­

resources/industry­leaders.html)

Dutch Transparency Benchmark

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the

content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch

companies. Unilever scored 185 points out of 200 in 2018.

 Dutch Transparency Benchmark ranking

(https://www.transparantiebenchmark.nl/en/scores­0#/survey/4)

Globescan/SusainAbility Survey results

Unilever was awarded the top corporate leadership ranking in the 2018

Sustainability Leaders survey, for the eighth consecutive year.

 GlobeScan/SustainAbility Leaders Report 2018 (PDF ­ 817kB)

(https://globescan.com/wp­content/uploads/2018/06/GlobeScan­SustainAbility­

Leaders­Survey­2018­Report.pdf)

Gartner Supply Chain leadership

In September 2018, Unilever was awarded the top ranking in the 2018 Gartner

Supply Chain Top 25 for the third year running.

 Gartner Supply Chain Leadership (https://www.gartner.com/en/supply­

chain/trends/supply­chain­top­25)

CDP Forests

In 2018, CDP recognised Unilever as one of it’s highest ranking companies, with

A­ performance grades on three of four commodities: timber, palm oil and cattle

products. Unilever scored a B for Soy.

CDP Climate

In 2018 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

climate change for the 14th consecutive year. Named in the 'A List', we achieved

a Performance Band A grade for the seventh year running.

 CDP Climate Leadership (https://www.cdp.net/en/climate)

CDP Water

In 2018, Unilever scored a Performance Band B for CDP Water Security.

2017

CDP Supplier Engagement Leadership

In 2017, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for supplier engagement.

We were one of only 58 companies to be awarded a Performance Band A rating

and named in the 'Supplier Engagament A List'.

 CDP Supplier Engagement Leadership (PDF | 5MB)

(https://b8f65cb373b1b7b15feb­

c70d8ead6ced550b4d987d7c03fcdd1d.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/cms/reports/documents

Supply­chain­report­2017.pdf?1490272235)

CDP Forests Leadership

In 2017, CDP awarded Unilever leadership and A performance grades on all

four assessed commodities: Timber, Palm Oil, Cattle Products and Soy.

 CDP Forests Leadership (https://www.cdp.net/en/forests)

CDP Climate Leadership

In 2017 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

climate change for the 13th consecutive year. Named in the 'A List', we achieved

a Performance Band A grade for the sixth year running.

 CDP Climate Leadership (https://www.cdp.net/en/climate)

CDP Water Leadership

In 2017, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

water. We were one of only 73 companies to be awarded a Performance Band A

rating and named in the 'Water A List'.

 CDP Water Leadership (https://www.cdp.net/water)

Dutch Transparency Benchmark ranking

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the

content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch

companies. Unilever scored 185 points out of 200 in 2017.

 Dutch Transparency Benchmark ranking

(https://www.transparantiebenchmark.nl/en)

DJSI 2017 results

Unilever was named leader of the Personal Products sector with a score of 89

out of 100.

 DJSI 2017 results (http://www.sustainability­indices.com/)

GlobeScan/SustAinability top ranking for seventh consecutive year

Unilever was awarded the top corporate leadership ranking in the 2017

Sustainability Leaders survey, for the seventh consecutive year.

GlobeScan/SustAinability asked over 1,000 expert stakeholders representing

business, government, NGOs and academia across 79 countries who they

considered to be the corporate leaders in sustainability.

 GlobeScan/SustAinability top ranking for seventh consecutive year

(https://www.globescan.com/news­and­analysis/globescan­sustainability­

survey.html)

Gartner Supply Chain leadership

In September 2017, Unilever was awarded the top ranking in the 2017 Gartner

Supply Chain Top 25 for the second year running.

 Gartner Supply Chain leadership

(https://www.gartner.com/technology/supply­chain/top25.jsp)

2016

CDP Forests Leadership

In 2016, CDP awarded Unilever leadership and A performance grades on all

four assessed commodities: Timber, Palm Oil, Cattle Products and Soy.

 CDP Forests (https://www.cdp.net/en/forests)

Dutch Transparency Benchmark ranking

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the

content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch

companies, scored Unilever in fourth place with 193 points out of 200. Unilever

achieved the highest ranking of all assessed multinational companies.

CDP Water Leadership

In 2016, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

water. We were one of only eight companies in the Consumer Staples sector to

be awarded a Performance Band A rating and named in the ‘Water A List.

 CDP Water (https://www.cdp.net/water)

CDP Climate Leadership

In 2016 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

climate change for the 12th consecutive year. Named in the ‘A List’, we

achieved a Performance Band A grade for the fifth year running.

 CDP Climate (https://www.cdp.net/en/climate)

DJSI 2016 results

Following 15 years of industry group leadership in the Foods, Beverage &

Tobacco Industry Group, Unilever was named leader of the Household &

Personal Products Industry Group with a score of 92 out of 100. We were also

selected as an index component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)

following our participation in the 2016 RobecoSAM Corporate Sustainability

Assessment.

 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (http://www.sustainability­indices.com/)

GlobeScan/SustainAbility top ranking for sixth consecutive year

Unilever was awarded the top corporate leadership ranking in the 2016

Sustainability Leaders survey (published in June 2016) from

GlobeScan/SustainAbility – and for the first time in partnership with Sustainable

Brands ­ for the sixth consecutive year. GlobeScan and SustainAbility asked

over 900 expert stakeholders representing business, government, NGOs and

academia across 84 countries who they considered to be the corporate leaders

in sustainability.

 GlobeScan/SustainAbility Survey (http://www.globescan.com/news­and­

analysis/globescan­sustainability­survey.html)

Gartner Supply Chain leadership

In May 2016, Unilever was awarded the top ranking in the 2016 Gartner Supply

Chain Top 25.

 Gartner Supply Chain Top 25 (http://www.gartner.com/technology/supply­

chain/top25.jsp)

Oxfam Behind the Brands leader

Unilever awarded top position with a 74% score in the latest Oxfam Behind the

Brands Scorecard, published in April 2016. The campaign assesses and rates

agricultural sourcing policies of the world’s ten largest food and beverage

companies.

CDP Supply Chain recognition

Unilever recognised as one of the leading 71 companies in CDP’s Supplier

Climate A List, published in January 2016.

 CDP (https://www.cdp.net/en/research/global­reports/global­supply­chain­

report­2016)

ATNI Global Index leader

Unilever scored 6.4 out of 10 to lead the second Global Access to Nutrition

Index (ATNI), a ranking of the world’s 22 largest food companies based on their

contribution to tackling obesity and undernutrition. We were commended in the

2016 Index for our work on product reformulation and nutrition labelling.

 Access to Nutrition Index (https://www.accesstonutrition.org/)

RobecoSAM Gold Class

Following RobecoSAM’s annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment, Unilever

received the Industry Leader, Gold Class Sustainability Award 2016 in January

for its ‘excellent sustainability performance’.

 RobecoSAM (http://www.robecosam.com/)

PwC Building Public Trust Award

Unilever was recognised for its transparent sustainability reporting at PwC's

Building Public Trust Awards in November 2016. The judges commented:

Winner of this award in 2012, Unilever regains top spot with a report that is

founded on a clear strategy, and which benchmarks the company’s entire value

chain against both short­ and long­term sustainability goals. The deep

integration of sustainability into the business strategy shines through, not least

in the excellent case studies, which show how Unilever is capitalising on the

opportunities presented by sustainability and how this contributes to its business

success. 

There is also detailed disclosure of the measures to incentivise employees to

deliver the company’s Sustainable Living Plan, including linking progress on

sustainability to executive remuneration. One judge commented: “This report

shows the potential for a truly global business to impact the world positively, by

acting in a responsible way that builds trust though a commitment to

sustainability.”

2015

CDP Forests leadership

In December 2015, CDP changed the scoring methodology for its Forests

information request that provided deforestation­risk related information to

investors. Unilever was placed in the Food and Beverage Processing sector,

and achieved leadership on three commodities: Timber, Cattle products and

Soy.

 CDP Forests (https://www.cdp.net/en/forests)

DJSI 2015 results

For the 15th time in 16 years, Unilever was named leader of the Food,

Beverage & Tobacco Industry Group with a score of 92 out of 100. We were also

selected as an index component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)

following our participation in the 2015 RobecoSAM Corporate Sustainability

Assessment.

 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (http://www.sustainability­indices.com/)

Dutch Transparency Benchmark ranking

The Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the content and

quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch companies, scored

Unilever in 3rd position with 194 points out of 200 (up from 5th in 2014)

CDP Climate results

In 2015 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on

climate change for the 11th consecutive year. Named in the ‘A List’, we

maintained Performance Band A for the fourth year running and scored 100 for

Disclosure, up from 99 in 2014 and 85 in 2013.

 CDP Climate (https://www.cdp.net/en/investor)

CDP Water results

Unilever was awarded a Performance Band B rating in the latest CDP Water

questionnaire, announced in October 2015.

 CDP Water (https://www.cdp.net/water)

Carbon Clear annual ranking

Carbon Clear’s annual ranking of carbon reporting performance of FTSE 100

companies placed Unilever in joint 4th, with a score of 82%.

 Carbon Clear (http://carbon­clear.com/)

FTSE4Good continued inclusion

Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series since its inception in 2001. Unilever

scored 4.9 out of 5 in the latest FTSE ESG Ratings Profile.

 FTSE4Good (http://www.ftserussell.com/)

GlobeScan/SustainAbility top ranking

Unilever was awarded the top ranking in the 2015 Sustainability Leaders survey

(published in May 2015) from GlobeScan/SustainAbility for the fifth consecutive

year. GlobeScan and SustainAbility asked over 800 expert stakeholders

representing business, government, NGOs and academia across 82 countries

who they considered to be the corporate leaders in the area of sustainability.

GlobeScan and SustainAbility said that: 'Consistent with the past four years,

Unilever's global reputation among corporations is judged by experts to be

unparalleled, with the leadership gap this year widening even further. This is a

remarkable achievement by the company, especially since past leaders have

tended to falter or be supplanted by others within a few years of claiming the top

of the ranking.'

 GlobeScan/SustainAbility Survey (http://www.globescan.com/news­and­

analysis/globescan­sustainability­survey.html)

Oxfam Behind the Brands leader

Unilever awarded top position with a 71% score in the latest Oxfam Behind the

Brands Scorecard, published in March 2015. The campaign assesses and rates

agricultural sourcing policies of the world’s ten largest food and beverage

companies.

 Oxfam Behind the Brands (http://www.behindthebrands.org/en/campaign­

news)

2014

CDP Forests ranking

Unilever ranked joint leader of the Packaged Foods & Meats / Brewers and Soft

Drinks sector for corporate action on tackling deforestation in CDP’s Global

Forests Report, published in November 2014. We have disclosed our forest

footprint since 2009.

 CDP Forests (https://www.cdp.net/en/forests)

Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development

The international 2014 Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development was

presented to our former CEO, Paul Polman. The judges cited his transformative

leadership, courage and commitment in a corporate world where environmental

and social values are often overshadowed by more short­term financial

interests.

DJSI 2014 results

Unilever recognised by RobecoSAM as being one of only 15 companies globally

to have participated in DJSI since it began in 1999

 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (http://www.sustainability­indices.com/)

ICAEW Award

Unilever was Large Business winner at the Institute of Chartered Accountants in

England and Wales’ (ICAEW) Finance for the Future Awards 2014 for the

development of a methodology and tool that ranks our products in both financial

and sustainability terms.

Porter Prize for HUL

In September Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) won the Porter Prize 2014 for

“Creating Shared Value” for its work on Project Shakti.

GlobeScan/SustainAbility top ranking

Unilever retains its top ranking in the latest 2014 Sustainability Leaders survey

from GlobeScan/SustainAbility for the fourth consecutive year.

 GlobeScan/SustainAbility Survey (http://www.globescan.com/news­and­

analysis/globescan­sustainability­survey.html)

Carbon Clear annual ranking

In 2014 Unilever was third in Carbon Clear's annual ranking of carbon

measurement and reporting practices of FTSE 100 companies, with a score of

82%, up from 77% in 2013.

 Carbon Clear (http://carbon­clear.com/)

Tomorrow’s Value Rating performance

Unilever was the top performer overall with a score of 96% and also led the

Food and Beverage sector for the second consecutive year in the Tomorrow’s

Value Rating (TVR) 2014 of corporate sustainability practices published by DNV

GL.

2013

ICSA Award

Unilever wins Best Sustainability and Stakeholder Disclosure FTSE 100 Award

from The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) in

November 2013.

 ICSA (https://www.icsa.org.uk/)

ATNI Global Index rating

Unilever was rated second overall in the first Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI)

Global Index 2013, with top rankings for undernutrition and also the Products,

Lifestyles and Engagement categories. ATNI publicly rates the world's largest

food and beverage manufacturers on their nutrition­related policies, practices

and performance.

 Access to Nutrition Index (https://www.accesstonutrition.org/)

WEC Gold Medal

In December the World Environment Center awarded Unilever its 2013 Gold

Medal for International Corporate Achievement in Sustainable Development.

Climate Counts ranking

Unilever ranked No. 2 in new science­based carbon emissions study published

by Climate Counts in December 2013.

2012

PwC Building Public Trust Award

Unilever was recognised for its transparent sustainability reporting at PwC's

Building Public Trust Awards in November 2012.

C K Prahalad Award

In 2012, Unilever and our former CEO Paul Polman received the C K Prahalad

Award from the Corporate Economic Forum (CEF) for matching a bold vision of

long term capitalism with impressive action on sustainability through our

Sustainable Living Plan.

WBDA winner

At the UN Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20), Unilever was a

winner of the 2012 World Business and Development Awards (WBDA) for our

efforts to improve living standards in some of the world's most disadvantaged

communities.

 World Business and Development Awards (http://www.iccwbo.org/training­

and­events/competitions­and­awards/institute­of­world­business­law/world­

business­and­development­awards/)

FTSE4Good Sir Mervyn Pedelty Award

Unilever won the first FTSE4Good Sir Mervyn Pedelty Award in 2012 which

recognises companies that integrate environmental and social performance into

business strategy.

 FTSE4Good (http://www.ftserussell.com/)

FT Boldness in Business winner

Unilever was named the Corporate Responsibility category winner at the FT's

Boldness in Business Awards.

BITC Platinum Plus

Unilever retains Platinum Plus status in Business in the Community's 10th

Corporate Responsibility Index, published in March 2012.

 Business in the Community (http://www.bitc.org.uk/#story1)

2011

WWF Palm Oil Scorecard

In 2011, we scored eight out of nine points in the second WWF Scorecard which

assesses the palm oil buying practices of 132 European, Australian and

Japanese companies. We scored 24.5 out of 29 in the first Scorecard in 2009

assessing 59 European companies.

 WWF (http://palmoilscorecard.panda.org/)

International Green Awards Grand Prix winner

At the International Green Awards 2011, Unilever was the overall Grand Prix

winner across 20 categories for our work on behaviour change. We were also

the Gold winner in the Best Green International Large Business category which

recognises organisations that have demonstrated true innovation, thought

leadership and a commitment to sustainability.

 International Green Awards (http://www.greenawards.com/)

Stoxx Europe 50 index

Unilever was named most advanced company for responsible governance in the

Stoxx Europe 50 index of companies by the French Social Investment Forum

(FIR) and corporate responsibility ratings agency, Vigeo.

Ethical Corporation Responsible Business Award

Unilever was awarded Ethical Corporation's top Responsible Business Award

2011.

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Our approach to reporting
We are committed to communicating our performance regularly and

transparently and have been reporting on our sustainability performance

since 1996.

We have two main channels for reporting on the commitments set out in the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan as well as wider topics of interest to our stakeholders:

Annual Report and Accounts 2017 (/investor­relations/annual­report­and­

accounts/): We include a summary of our sustainable living performance in our

Annual Report and Accounts 2017 published in February 2018

Online Sustainable Living Report 2017 (/sustainable­living/our­sustainable­living­

report­hub/): Located in the Sustainable Living section of the global Unilever

website, this is our primary sustainability report. The report was published in April

2018.

Find out more about our reporting on the following pages.

About our reporting

Defining our material
issues

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/about­our­reporting/)
We are committed to reporting a

transparent account of our progress

each year.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/about­our­reporting/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/defining­our­material­
issues/)
Materiality helps us identify and prioritise

the issues that matter most across our

value chain – to our business and our

stakeholders.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/defining­our­material­
issues/)

Engaging our
stakeholders

Independent
assurance

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/engaging­with­
stakeholders/)
Engaging with stakeholders improves

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/independent­
assurance/)
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC)

our decision­making and relationships.

provides independent assurance of the

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/engaging­with­
stakeholders/)

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/independent­
assurance/)

Our metrics

Interactive data charts

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/our­metrics/)
The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan is

underpinned by a number of metrics

which help us measure progress

towards our goals.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/our­metrics/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/interactive­data­
charts/)
View our sustainability performance data

in an interactive charting tool.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/interactive­data­
charts/)

UNGC index

GRI index

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/ungc­index/)
We are committed to UN Global

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/gri­index/)
Our reporting is prepared ‘in accordance’

Compact’s Ten Principles.

with the GRI G4 Reporting Guidelines.

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/ungc­index/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/gri­index/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

About our reporting
Our aim is to provide a transparent account of progress against the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan through engaging, insightful and evidence­based

reporting.

Our approach
Our online reporting details performance against our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

(USLP) targets for the period 1 January to 31 December 2017 (except where indicated

otherwise).

Since April 2014, our annual Sustainable Living Report has been published online in

the Sustainable Living section of our website as we want it to be accessible to as many

people as possible. As in previous years, we have published a USLP summary which

can be downloaded via Our Sustainable Living Report Hub. Sustainability information

can also be found in our  2017 Annual Report (PDF | 3MB) (/Images/unilever­

annual­report­and­accounts­2017_tcm244­516456_en.pdf).

Many Unilever operating companies around the world also produce their own country

specific content describing their actions in support of the Unilever Sustainable Living

Plan. Please visit local websites for more.

Who is our reporting for?
Our reporting is aimed at a broad range of audiences, including:

Specialists audiences, such as NGOs, investors, analysts, governments and

opinion former, who are typically interested in our performance, strategy, policies

and targets.

Generalists audiences, such as employees, job seekers and consumers, who are

interested in content relating to their personal interests.

Understanding our sustainability impacts and priorities enables us to address the

sustainability issues that matter most to our business strategy and to our stakeholders.

It also allows us to tailor our reporting so it is aligned with audiences’ interests and

needs. See Defining our materiality process (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/defining­our­material­issues/) for further information.

Stakeholder feedback on our reporting
As part of our reporting process, we receive feedback from our USLP Steering Team,

our Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee and the USLP Council of external

sustainability advisers, as well as our employees and opinion formers. Find out more

about our sustainability governance here. (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/our­

sustainability­governance/)

Please tell us what you think about our USLP and our progress in 2017 Contact us

(mailto:paul_polman@Sustainableliving.com) – we value your feedback and want to

know what matters to you.

External standards
We adhere to the principles of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and

many of the original GRI Framework indicators are embedded in our reporting. Our

2017 report has been prepared ‘in accordance’ with the GRI G4 standards.

We are a signatory to the  UN Global Compact principles

(https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what­is­gc/mission/principles). We provide an

annual update in our Communication on Progress on how we are living out the

Compact’s ten principles on human rights, labour, environment and anti­corruption in

our everyday business operations. We also report on our sustainability governance

and leadership, including ways in which we support broader UN goals.

Through our USLP, Sustainable Living brands and our transformational change

agenda we contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (/sustainable­

living/our­strategy/un­sustainable­development­goals/).

Boundaries and scope
Our impacts are far reaching, so we have identified and prioritised our most material

impacts to the business and to stakeholders across our value chain. See how we are

Defining our material issues. Our report includes performance data for our direct

operations and information on how we are managing the most material issues across

our extended value chain, which encompasses both our supply chain and how our

products reach our consumers.

Our online Sustainable Living Report 2017, including our USLP targets and metrics,

cover all entities in  Unilever’s Annual Report and Accounts (PDF | 3MB)

(/Images/unilever­annual­report­and­accounts­2017_tcm244­516456_en.pdf) unless

otherwise stated. Unilever consistently applies relevant metrics and targets to all

relevant parts of its business operations. Even where a metric and target is only

relevant to part of business operations, it still applies to 100% of those parts, globally.

A number of our targets and metrics also apply to relevant parts of our value chain.

Our manufacturing environmental and occupational safety indicators do not include

contract production or outsourced support services. Operations and sites where we do

not have management control and operations categorised as joint ventures or

investments are excluded from the scope of all performance indicators, unless

otherwise indicated in  Unilever’s Basis of Preparation – Annual Report &

Sustainable Living Report 2017 (PDF | 6MB) (/Images/unilevers­basis­of­preparation­

annual­report­­­sustainable­living­report­2017_tcm244­518699_1_en.pdf).

When setting our targets, we use our knowledge of our business, the markets where

we operate and the issues to determine the most relevant and materially impactful

scope for each target. We report the maximum material coverage for all our targets so

that our KPIs cover 100% of the material scope, unless specifically stated in our Basis

of Preparation.

In some cases, the material scope is the same as the total scope. In others it is less

because we have applied a management judgement as to what the scope should be.

Previous years’ Basis of Preparations are available in our Reports & Publications

archive.

Assurance and basis of preparation
External assurance of sustainability performance indicators is an important part of our

approach and our environmental reporting has been independently assured since

1996. Our social report was assured for the first time in 2004.

In 2017 we reappointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to provide independent

assurance of the USLP and Environmental and Occupational Safety (EOS)

performance indicators. PwC’s Assurance Report describes the work undertaken and

their conclusion for the reporting period to 31 December 2017. Documents relating to

independent external assurance in the years prior to 2017 are available in our Reports

& Publications section.

Please see Independent assurance (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/independent­assurance/) for further information about our assurance

process.

External recognition
In 2017 Unilever was named leader of the Personal Products sector in the Dow Jones

Sustainability Index (DJSI), a global sustainability performance benchmark. Up until

2015, we were in the Food Products industry sector, which we led for 15 years, which

sat within the Food, Beverage & Tobacco Industry Group, which we led for 13 years.

In 2017 we were also listed on the CDP Climate, Water, Forest and Supplier

Engagement A Lists.

See Awards & Recognition (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/awards­and­recognition/)

for further information.



Previous

Reports & publications archive

Next 

Defining our material issues

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Defining our material issues
We live in an uncertain and constantly changing world. Materiality helps us

identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter most to our

business and stakeholders.

An issue is material to Unilever if it meets two conditions. Firstly, it impacts our

business in terms of growth, cost, risk or trust. And secondly, it is important to our

stakeholders – such as consumers, customers, employees, governments, investors,

NGOs and suppliers. In determining if an issue is material, we also consider whether it

is aligned with our Vision and Purpose (/about/who­we­are/our­vision/), brand portfolio

and geographical footprint; its potential impact on  our value chain (PDF | 635KB)

(/Images/materiality­and­value­chain­210218_tcm244­518982_en.pdf); and the degree

to which we can affect change.

We use our materiality assessment to identify priority sustainability issues across our

value chain. Materiality helps to inform the development of the Unilever Sustainable

Living Plan (USLP) and ensures we report on the issues of most interest. We update

our assessment every two years to make sure it reflects changes in our business and

the external environment.

Find out more in our interactive materiality matrix, which shows the results from our

2017 assessment.

View topics by:

Focus Area

Select one of the Focus Areas below to view the topics and issues within it.

Improving Health & Well-being

Reducing Environmental Impact

Enhancing Livelihoods

Responsible Business Practices

Wider Sustainability Topics

The forces that shape our world
Every business is impacted by macro forces. These are the trends and events that are

shaping our world. We monitor these trends to make sure our strategy and plans are fit

for the future and to assess their impact on our material issues. Our latest macro

forces analysis shows four distinct, but overlapping, shifts that will affect business and

society over the next decade:

Multi-polar world

Slow growth and volatility are creating a world where international growth and political

leadership fragment. Income and political polarisation within countries is set to

increase, threatening the progress of globalisation and free trade.

Environment under stress

The impact of water scarcity and climate change will be increasingly visible.

Momentum for action will gather pace, building on the Paris Agreement.

Digital and technology revolution

The rapid development of new technologies – such as artificial intelligence (AI),

robotics, voice technology and virtual reality – will open further opportunities for

connection, automation and value creation, and pose new risks around security and

privacy. Data and the Internet of Things will continue to disrupt traditional business

models, using technologies such as blockchain and increasingly sophisticated smart

devices.

Living differently

Societies are becoming more diverse with fragmented identities, changing lifestyles

and new everyday behaviours. Millennials and Generation Z are having a powerful

influence on cultural norms, such as diversity and gender. Older generations have a

strong economic influence, and this will increase as the population ages. Migration is

having a profound effect on national identity.

This year, we have not presented specific macro forces – such as demographics,

emerging markets and the global economy – in our materiality matrix, as they cut

across multiple issues. We believe this gives greater focus to the issues that Unilever

can directly influence. Many of the macro trends that were in our 2015 materiality

matrix are captured as Principal Risks in our 2017 Annual Report and Accounts.

How we use our materiality assessment
Every two years, we conduct a materiality assessment to help ensure our strategy is

focused in the right areas, to assess the changing sustainability landscape and to

understand and prioritise the issues that matter to our business and our stakeholders.

We use our materiality assessment to help us to evolve our strategy and tailor our

reporting so that it aligns with the interests and needs of our stakeholders, as well as

those of the company.

We have used our materiality process to inform the development of the USLP from its

inception:

2009–2010: when we first developed the USLP, our materiality assessment helped

determine which issues to include, set targets for and report on.

2013: our in­depth  materiality review (PDF | 327KB) (/Images/unilever­material­

issues­and­opportunities_tcm244­423632_en.pdf) resulted in significant changes in

the USLP, expanding our commitments on labour rights, women, inclusive business

and smallholder farmers. Forum for the Future – the non­profit organisation –

updated our external trends analysis, which we reviewed against our current and

future business growth strategies. The results of this exercise identified 15 material

issues.

2015: our  materiality review (PDF | 137KB) (/Images/unilever­materiality­matrix­

final_tcm244­476008_en.pdf) validated that we had the most important issues

reflected in the USLP. It revealed an increasing number of material issues due to

rising stakeholder expectations and a growing business case.

The performance targets and indicators that we include in our online Sustainable

Living Report reflect the outcomes of our materiality process. We don’t have targets or

external performance indicators for every material issue. Some are addressed outside

of the USLP, such as Ethics, Values & Culture (/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­

principles/business­integrity/) which we manage through our  Code of Business

Principles and Code Policies (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­

code­policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf), and Animal Testing & Welfare (/sustainable­

living/what­matters­to­you/developing­alternative­approaches­to­animal­testing.html)

which is managed through our Safety & Environmental Assurance Centre

(/about/innovation/safety­and­environment/leading­safety­and­environmental­

sustainability­sciences/) (SEAC).

We also report on some material issues that are not contained in our USLP but are of

interest to stakeholders, such as Trusted Products & Ingredients which is managed at

a category level and through our Trust in Ingredients initiative (/news/press­

releases/2017/Unilever­announces­new­ingredient­transparency­initiative­for­home­

and­personal­care­brands.html). As we have various audiences and communications

channels, we address many of these issues outside of our annual reporting cycle.

Our 2017 materiality assessment
Our most recent materiality assessment was designed to inform the development of

the USLP beyond 2020. It highlighted new and emerging issues, and provided a fresh

check on whether we are focusing on the right areas.

To ensure a best practice approach and objectivity, the assessment was supported by

 Corporate Citizenship (http://corporate­citizenship.com/) – a global business

consultancy specialising in sustainability. It included an in­depth analysis of business

impacts, and used data and insights to gauge the relative importance of each issue to

our stakeholders. Our six­stage process is detailed below:

Phase 1: Issue identification

We refreshed and consolidated the list of sustainability issues and topics deemed to

be directly relevant to Unilever across our value chain. We identified a long list of 177

sustainability topics, which were categorised into 24 distinct issues as shown on our

matrix. We define an ‘issue’ as a risk or opportunity to Unilever from the internal or

external operating environment.

Where appropriate, we updated the labelling of certain issues and topics to provide

clarity and to reflect commonly accepted language. You can find more detail on the

issues and topics in the following PDFs:

A  full list of the 177 topics (PDF | 241KB) (/Images/materiality­matrix­

200218_tcm244­518983_en.pdf) which underpin the 24 issues.

A graphic showing the relevance of material issues across different stages of

 our value chain (PDF | 635KB) (/Images/materiality­and­value­chain­

210218_tcm244­518982_en.pdf).

Our long list included new issues and topics, reflecting changes to the sustainability

landscape over the past two years. These were identified by researching emerging

sustainability trends, macro forces, competitor practices and global standards.

We subsequently categorised the issues according to our USLP Big Goals: Improving

Health & Well­being (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/), Reducing

Environmental Impact (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/protecting­our­forests/) and Enhancing Livelihoods (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/). Issues that did not align with our Big Goals were either

categorised as Responsible Business Practices or Wider Sustainability Topics.

Issue identification aligns with our yearly review of Principal Risks which we include in

our Annual Report and Accounts. All issues that are captured on our materiality matrix

relate to one or more of our Principal Risks:

Principal Risks

Relevant material issues

Sustainability

Packaging & waste, women’s rights & opportunities, water,

sanitation & hygiene, human rights, nutrition & diets,

deforestation, economic inclusion, communicable diseases,

animal welfare & testing

Climate change

Climate action, water, deforestation

Ethical

Ethics, values & culture, governance & accountability,

responsible marketing & advertising, responsible use of

innovation & technology

Talent

Talent, human rights, fair compensation, employee wellbeing

Supply chain

Agricultural sourcing, non­agricultural sourcing, human rights

Brand preference

Consumers & sustainability, trusted products & ingredients

Safe and high­

Trusted products & ingredients

quality products

Legal and

regulatory

Tax & economic contribution

Systems and

Data security & privacy

information

Phase 2: Issue prioritisation

We assessed each topic’s impact on the business and importance to our stakeholders.

Impact on the business (X­axis) was determined using Unilever’s Sustainable

Business Value Framework (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/about­our­strategy/).

Each topic was assessed according to its potential to positively or negatively impact

on growth, cost, risk and trust – with a corresponding score awarded depending on

whether this was deemed to be high, medium or low. We also looked at the

relevance of an issue to the  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

(PDF | 501KB) (/Images/materiality­and­sdgs­210218_tcm244­518999_en.pdf)

(SDGs), particularly those where we can make the greatest contribution.

Stakeholder importance (Y­axis) was determined using research and analytics on

consumers, customers, NGOs, investors, suppliers and employees. Each topic was

analysed according to its importance to stakeholders, with a corresponding score

awarded depending on whether this was deemed to be high, medium or low.

The prioritisation exercise resulted in two scores for each issue – one for impact on the

business and one for stakeholder importance. These were plotted on a draft materiality

matrix which formed the basis for the engagement during Phase 3.

Phase 3: Stakeholder engagement

The draft materiality matrix was reviewed and refined through a series of interviews

with a cross­section of external and internal stakeholders.

External interviews were conducted with a small group of Unilever stakeholders

including WWF, WBCSD, The Climate Action Group, Natural Capital Coalition,

UNPRI and SYSTEMIQ.

Internal interviews were conducted with Unilever employees across a range of

global functions (Sustainable Business, Risk Management, Supply Chain, R&D,

Finance, Investor Relations, Customer Development) and our Divisions (Beauty &

Personal Care, Home Care, Foods and Refreshment).

Phase 4: Internal validation

The matrix was reviewed by the Sustainable Business Team and presented to our

USLP Steering Team (/sustainable­living/our­strategy/our­sustainability­governance/)

for validation and approval. The Steering Team includes nine members of the Unilever

Leadership Executive.

Phase 5: Strategic alignment

Our 2017 materiality assessment confirmed that there is strong alignment between our

most material issues and those which are addressed through the USLP. All but two of

our nine most material issues – Ethics, Values & Culture and Trusted Products &

Ingredients – are directly addressed by commitments in the USLP. While targets on

these issues are not explicit in the USLP, both are managed as part of company and

category strategies.

The insights gathered from the materiality assessment – including rising public

concern on issues such as climate change, packaging & waste and nutrition & diets –

were used as an input to a number of internal conversations on the future of the USLP

beyond 2020.

We commissioned further desk­based research into our nine most material issues to

understand how our current USLP might develop in the future in line with science­

based limits and social norms. We are using the insights from this work to inform the

future development of the USLP.

This year, for the first time, we mapped our material issues to the UN Sustainable

Development Goals (SDGs). This shows where we are taking action on the SDGs

through the USLP. The relevance of our material issues to the SDGS can be seen in

 this graphic (PDF | 501KB) (/Images/materiality­and­sdgs­210218_tcm244­

518999_en.pdf).

Phase 6: Reporting on outcomes

We communicate the outcomes of the assessment on our 2017 materiality matrix,

highlighting our most material issues and their relative significance to the business and

our stakeholders.

Related links

Downloads



Material issues & opportunities
2013
PDF | 327KB
(/Images/unilever­material­
issues­and­
opportunities_tcm244­
423632_en.pdf)



Our materiality matrix
PDF | 137KB
(/Images/unilever­materiality­
matrix­final_tcm244­
476008_en.pdf)

Next 



About our strategy
(/sustainable­living/our­
strategy/about­our­strategy/)



Engaging with stakeholders
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/engaging­with­
stakeholders/)



Transformational change
(/sustainable­
living/transformational­
change/)

Annual Report & Accounts 2017



What Matters To You
(/sustainable­living/what­
matters­to­you/)

Reports & publications archive



Previous

About our reporting

Engaging with stakeholders

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

Engaging with stakeholders
Stakeholder engagement is essential to grow our business and to reach the

ambitious targets set out in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

To succeed in our purpose of making sustainable living commonplace, we need to

engage and work in partnership with a wide range of stakeholders. These include

NGOs, investors, customers, consumers, suppliers, governments and regulators, and

other businesses through trade associations.

Our biennial materiality assessment (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­

reporting/defining­our­material­issues/) helps us to understand which issues are

important to the business and our stakeholders, and therefore where and how to focus

our engagement. By defining the needs and interests of our stakeholders, we can also

evolve our strategy to better meet their expectations and focus our reporting on the

issues that they care about.

We seek to understand the issues of concern and to respond openly and transparently

to any questions raised about our products and the way we run our business. Our

What Matters to You (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/) section contains our

responses to a range of topics. They are updated regularly in line with any key

developments and the emergence of new topics.

Stakeholder engagement is a crucial part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

(USLP). It also underpins our external advocacy and joint working with governments,

NGOs and others, to achieve ‘transformational change’ – that is, fundamental change

to whole systems, not simply incremental improvements.

Our policies for transparent and responsible
engagement
Our reputation for doing business with integrity and respect for others is an asset, as

valuable as our people and brands. To maintain our reputation requires the highest

standards of behaviour. Our Code of Business Principles and Code Policies

(/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­principles/), set out the standards expected from

all our employees. We also require third­party business partners to adhere to business

principles consistent with our own.

Our Code of Business Principles and Code Policies (/about/who­we­are/our­values­

and­principles/) underpin how we interact with governments, regulators, legislators and

NGOs – as well as with Unilever employees.

In the area of Public Activities, our Code of Business Principles states that Unilever

companies are encouraged to promote and defend their legitimate business interests;

Unilever will co­operate with governments and other organisations – both directly and

through bodies such as trade associations – in the development of proposed

legislation and other regulations, which may affect legitimate business interests; and

that Unilever neither supports political parties nor contributes to the funds of groups

whose activities are calculated to promote party interests.

The Code Policy on Engaging Externally includes two important sections covering

'Contact with Government, Regulators and Non­Governmental Organisations' and

'Political Activities and Political Donations'. They state that only authorised and

appropriately trained employees or representatives can engage with these groups

(governments, regulators, legislators and NGOs) and that all interactions must be

conducted:

In a transparent manner with honesty, integrity and openness;

In compliance with local and international laws;

In accordance with Unilever’s Values.

Employees must:

Be courteous, open and transparent in declaring their name, company, role, status

and, for any enquiry or ‘representation’, the nature of the subject matter;

Take all reasonable steps to ensure the truth and accuracy of their information;

Keep a record of all contacts and interactions.

Compliance with the Code of Business Principles and Code Policies is an essential

element in ensuring Unilever’s continued business success. The Chief Executive

Officer is responsible for implementing these principles, supported by the Global Code

and Policy Committee which is chaired by the Chief Legal Officer and Group

Secretary.

The Committee is responsible for the oversight of the Code and Code Policies,

ensuring that they remain fit for purpose and are appropriately applied. It maintains

close scrutiny of the mechanisms for implementing the Code and Code Policies. This

is vital as compliance is essential to promote and protect Unilever’s values and

standards, and hence the good reputation of the Group. At each meeting, the

Committee reviews an analysis of investigations into non­compliance with the Code

and Code Policies and is alerted to any trends arising from these investigations.

How we engage with our stakeholders
Unilever interacts with a huge range of stakeholders on a daily basis. Some of our

stakeholders are direct participants in our value chain and are integral to our ability to

deliver sustainable growth. Others influence how we do business by setting the laws

and norms within our countries of operation.

Below we broadly outline how we engage with our most important stakeholders.

Further information on stakeholder engagement at a local level can be found on

Unilever’s country websites.

Engaging with governments
We co­operate and engage with governments, regulators and legislators – both

directly and through trade associations – in the development of proposed legislation

and regulations which may affect our business interests.

Many of the key topics we engage on are captured in our biennial materiality

assessment (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/defining­our­material­

issues/). Our participation in policy discussions are varied, covering macro topics like

climate change, through to detailed product safety standards. We also proactively

publish many of our company stances in the Our position on (/about/our­position­on/).

They are updated regularly in line with any key developments and the emergence of

new topics of importance to the business.

We engage with stakeholders directly as Unilever or through membership of

representative organisations, including trade associations. All employees involved in

political engagement must promote our corporate principles and comply with our Code

of Business Principles and Code Policies (/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­

principles/).

We do not support or fund political parties, candidates or any groups that promote

party interests. No political contributions were made in 2017. We also publish this

position in our Annual Report and Accounts. Our employees may offer support and

contributions to political groups in a personal capacity.

When recruiting employees from the public sector, it is important to ensure that the

right balance is struck between the benefit from such recruitment and avoiding

potential conflicts of interest with previous employers. As such, we follow the following

three principles when recruiting from the public sector;

For any new employees we will respect confidentiality obligations and restrictive

covenants included in all contracts with previous employers.

Unilever will agree appropriate and reasonable restrictions for new employees

recruited directly from the public sector on a case by case basis. This may involve a

“cooling off” period where an employee will be restricted from contacting previous

colleagues.

These principles are in addition to Unilever’s current Code Policy on Avoiding

Conflicts of Interest.

The above principles were adopted in 2017. During 2018 they are being included in

recruitment training programmes.

Unilever is registered in the Transparency Register of the European Union. Our entry

is available here. We comply with the US Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA). The LDA

website provides a searchable database of disclosure filings.

Engagement with NGOs
We are building transformational partnerships in collaboration with NGOs and other

stakeholders who share our vision for a more sustainable future. This model of

partnership is instrumental in improving the quality of people’s lives, achieving our

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets and driving the growth of our business. These

partnerships are often led by our Global Partnerships & Advocacy team.

In collaboration with NGOs, we build programmes on the ground to implement our

brands’ social missions, in addition to advancing our efforts in areas such as

sustainable sourcing and distribution – often in partnership with governments and

other private sector organisations. We drive scale through new business models,

digital technologies and external financing.

We recognise that our actions alone cannot achieve the system change necessary to

overcome the world’s major challenges, such as climate change and poverty. Our

leadership engages with stakeholders through platforms such as the World Economic

Forum, UN Global Compact, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development

and the Consumer Goods Forum. This helps us in championing a more inclusive

model of capitalism and the pursuit of long­term value creation for the benefit of

multiple stakeholders.

Further details on our transformational change can be found in the relevant goal pages

for Greenhouse gases (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­

gases/), Water use (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/water­use/),

Waste & packaging (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/waste­and­

packaging/) and Sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/).

Engaging with suppliers
Every day, we work with thousands of suppliers who are helping us achieve success in

the countries where our products are sold. They help us: develop new products; drive

market transformation; deliver quality and service; and create value, capacity and

capability.

A significant portion of our growth comes from innovation, delivering leading­edge

products into the marketplace. We anticipate that around 70% of our innovations are

linked to working with our strategic suppliers. That's why we invest in long­term,

mutually beneficial relationships with our key suppliers through our Partner to Win

programme, so we can combine capabilities and co­innovate for shared growth.

Partner to Win is about shaping the next horizon together and is a unique opportunity

to unlock value for Unilever and our partners. It helps us strengthen supplier and

customer collaboration, it enables improved overall end­to­end operational efficiency

and mutual capability building and sharing.

Engaging with customers
In a fragmented channel landscape, those companies that best serve their shoppers

and customers with bespoke solutions will benefit most. Unilever serves consumers

through ten different channels: hyper and supermarkets, e­commerce, out­of­home,

drug stores, small stores, discounters, Food Solutions, Unilever International, prestige

and global retail. We supply around 25 million retail stores globally, of which we cover

8 million directly and another 17 million indirectly through wholesale and cash & carry.

Our ambition is to be the top ranked supplier to all our customers across the markets

we operate in with clear action plans. We monitor quantitative customer satisfaction

results on an annual basis. Unilever is ranked as a top third or mid third supplier in

87% of markets*.

We work directly with our customers, such as large retail chains, to generate insights

about who visits their stores using technology that creates detailed shopper profiles.

This allows us to target and personalise campaigns and develop shopper engagement

programmes. Our engagement with consumers is guided by our  Personal Data &

Privacy Code Policy (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­

policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf) which sets out the steps employees must take to

ensure personal data is handled appropriately.

We also use Customer Engagement Surveys, which allow us to benchmark against

our industry peers and direct competition. Having the ability to measure our customers’

feedback in a consistent manner allows us to make sharper decisions on resource

deployment and identifying market opportunities.

Unilever also actively supports its customers in achieving their sustainability goals. We

share our expertise in areas such as sustainable agriculture and life­cycle analysis, as

well as working with them on initiatives such as shared transport networks which

improve efficiency.

Engaging with consumers
Unilever’s Consumer and Market Insights (CMI) group has created People Data

Centres which analyse data from social media, consumer carelines and digital

marketing to respond directly to consumer feedback.

Our ambition is to build a billion one­to­one consumer relationships, leveraging our in­

house People Data Centres and the opportunity they give us to connect with

consumers in a meaningful way through real­time analytics.

Our engagement with consumers is guided by our  Personal Data & Privacy Code

Policy (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­

409220_en.pdf) which sets out the steps employees must take to ensure personal

data is handled appropriately.

Engaging with scientists
We have specific guidance on how we work with the scientific community outlined in

our  Position on Science and Integrity (PDF | 73KB) (/Images/cobp_positon­

scientific­research­0616_tcm244­483851_en.pdf). We are committed to investing in

science and scientific research that enhances our understanding of how our products

can benefit public health and wellbeing, and also how we can improve their

environmental, societal and economic impact.

We adhere strongly to principles for scientific research, including scientific robustness,

objectivity of scientific evidence and transparent engagement with external parties. We

do not publicly report the research organisations that we fund. However, as mandated

by our Position on Science and Integrity, we disclose research funding where required,

for example in scientific journals which require this level of disclosure.

Engaging with communities
Our business contributes to the economic livelihoods of many people and communities

across our value chain. We create direct and indirect employment opportunities; we

pay taxes to governments for reinvestment in infrastructure and communities; and we

make direct contributions through our corporate community investment activities in

support of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Our approach to community engagement is framed by the  Unilever Code of

Business Principles (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­

policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf) which sets out our commitment to fulfil our

responsibilities to the societies and communities in which we operate. Our community

engagement strategy is owned and driven by our local businesses which are closest to

communities and their needs.

Sometimes, business decisions or activities can affect local communities. In such

cases, we are guided by a number of policies and standards. These reflect issues that

can impact communities such as human rights and safety, for example ensuring

communities are adequately protected in the event of a safety incident where we

would identify relevant stakeholders and/or their representatives and run various

community outreach activities and communications.

A recent example of our approach to community engagement is in Rwanda where we

are setting up a tea processing factory and commercial tea estates. We have taken

action (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/understanding­our­human­rights­impacts/) (see ‘respect for land rights’) to

ensure that potentially affected persons and communities were identified and engaged,

including vulnerable groups.

Engaging with peer companies
We engage with peer companies, both individually, in coalitions, and through trade

associations on issues of mutual interest. This includes working together to implement

sustainable business strategies and drive policy agendas which contribute to systems

change.

Engaging with trade associations
We aim to use our scale and influence to help bring about transformational change in

areas where we can make the biggest difference and which are aligned with our

business activities. We see trade associations as a valuable resource for increasing

knowledge of industry practices and trends, as well as engaging on policy topics.

We are a member of many associations around the world, reflecting our global scale

and presence across several product divisions. In 2017, we paid approximately €8.9

million in fees to around 650 trade associations. Our memberships cover category­

specific, cross­category and horizontal business associations at country, regional and

global level. Association fees are most often set by the associations and are usually

based on turnover. In 2017, our top five membership fees (in terms of spend) were:

Personal Care Product Council (PCPC): €797,120

Grocery Manufacturers Association (GMA): €303,888

Cosmetics Europe: €265,000

Food and Drink Federation (FDF): €212,244

Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association (CTPA): €184,185

Our internal Standard on Trade Association Memberships provides the internal

governance and framework for our interactions with trade associations and similar

groups. It helps to ensure compliance with our Code of Business Principles and Code

Policies. The Standard applies to our membership of any organisations whose

principal function is to advocate to government and other stakeholders on behalf of the

business, or any subsidiary company or that provides platforms for industry and other

stakeholders to discuss issues of common concern, or that provides opportunities for

our business to engage with our customers and/or competitors on industry issues.

The Standard sets out the internal governance for the approval to join or leave an

association and the factors we consider, including their strategic fit with our corporate

purpose, values and positions. The Standard also stipulates the role and requirements

related to Unilever representatives in trade associations, for example all staff

participating in association meetings are required to complete a competition law

training module. We appoint trade association co­ordinators in each country to ensure

the Standard is followed.

Trade Association Memberships

Our main global, European and US trade associations are listed below.

Unilever is also registered in the Transparency Register of the European Union.

 Our entry is available here

(http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/consultation/displaylobbyist.do?

id=6200524920­25), which includes a list of trade associations with whom Unilever is

affiliated. We comply with lobbying disclosure requirements, including the US Lobbying

Disclosure Act (LDA). The  LDA website (https://lobbyingdisclosure.house.gov/)

provides a searchable database of lobbying disclosure filings.

American Cleaning Institute

American Logistics Association

Association of National Advertisers

Business Action to Stop Counterfeiting and Piracy (BASCAP)

Business and Industry Advisory Committee to the OECD (BIAC)

Centre of European Policy Studies (CEPS)

Consumer Goods Forum (CGF)

Cosmetics Europe

Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association (CTPA)

Culinaria Europe

European Brands Association [Association des Industries de Marque] (AIM)

European Centre of Public Affairs (ECPA)

European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing (EPAA)

European Organisation for Packaging and the Environment (EUROPEN)

Euroglaces Ice Cream Associations

FoodDrinkEurope (FDE)

Food and Drink Federation (FDF)

Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN)

Global Social Compliance Programme (GSCP)

International Association for Soaps, Detergents and Maintenance Products (AISE)

International Food & Beverage Alliance (IFBA)

International Margarine Association of the Countries of Europe (IMACE)

Organization for International Investment (OFII)

Personal Care Products Council (PCPC)

Scaling Up Nutrition (SUN)

Society of European Affairs Professionals (SEAP)

Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Platform (SAI)

Sweetener Users Association (SUA)

Tea Association of the USA

The Kangaroo Group

Tropical Forest Alliance 2020

United Nations Global Compact

World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

World Economic Forum (WEF)

World Environment Center (WEC)

World Federation of Advertisers (WFA)

*Based on Advantage Report® ­ Global across 32 developed markets

Related links

External links



Transparency Register of the
European Union
(http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregi
id=6200524920­25)



Lobbying Disclosure US
(https://lobbyingdisclosure.house.gov



Code of business principles
and code policies
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/code­of­business­
principles­and­code­
policies_tcm244­
409220_en.pdf)



What matters to you
(/sustainable­living/what­
matters­to­you/)



Our position on (/about/our­
position­on/)



Science with objectivity and
integrity
PDF | 73KB

(/Images/cobp_positon­
scientific­research­
0616_tcm244­483851_en.pdf)



Defining our material issues
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/defining­
our­material­issues/)



Greenhouse gases
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Water use (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/)



Waste & packaging
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)



Sustainable sourcing
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Science with objectivity and
integrity
PDF | 73KB
(/Images/cobp_positon­
scientific­research­
0616_tcm244­483851_en.pdf)



Defining our material issues
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/defining­
our­material­issues/)



Previous

Defining our material issues

Next 

Independent assurance

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Independent assurance
Our environmental reporting has been independently assured for over 20

years. In 2017 we continued to attain limited assurance of selected USLP

and Environmental and Occupational Safety performance indicators.

Our approach to assurance
Independent external assurance helps us to drive continuous improvement in

performance and in the quality, rigour and credibility of our data. We need accurate

and robust data on our sustainability performance to help us make decisions, monitor

performance and report progress to our stakeholders.

Our Environmental and Occupational Safety performance measures have been

independently assured since 1996 by globally recognised providers. In 2011 we began

to assure selected key performance measures in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

(USLP). Assurance of the Unilever Green Sustainability Bond started in 2014.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) provide independent assurance of the USLP, and

DNV GL and KPMG LLP provide independent assurance in relation to our Green

Sustainability Bond.

We operate a wide range of processes and activities across our operations covering

strategy, planning, execution, and performance management. It is the responsibility of

Unilever’s management to ensure that:

Appropriate arrangements are in place to prepare our performance information.

Reported information reflects our performance.

Data is meaningful and consistent with stated definitions, scope and boundaries.

Any specific exclusions are stated clearly and explained.

We describe openly any assumptions we make as well as our accounting and

calculation methods.

We aim for transparency to enable users to have confidence in the integrity of our

reporting.

Risk management is integrated into every stage of our activities, processes and

systems to ensure we mitigate accuracy and reliability risks. Our Corporate Audit

function provides us with an objective and independent review of the effectiveness of

risk management and internal control systems throughout Unilever. External

independent assurance from globally recognised assurance service providers supports

our internal controls.

We have developed a phased approach to assurance that will enable us to obtain

limited assurance over our 9 pillar commitments that are central to the USLP by the

target completion deadlines – with the aim of assuring each pillar metric and selected

underlying metrics at least every two years.

External assurance in 2017
We reappointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to provide independent

assurance for the seventh consecutive year. PwC’s assurance engagement is in

accordance with ISAE 3000 and they apply the Institute of Chartered Accountants in

England & Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics. The Unilever Board's Audit Committee

oversees the USLP assurance programme.

In 2017, PwC’s scope was to provide limited assurance of selected Environmental and

Occupational Safety (EOS) performance measures and three USLP pillar

commitments: Nutrition, Greenhouse Gases, and Water, as well as selected Fairness

in the Workplace, Opportunities for Women and Inclusive Business metrics.

We plan to assure our Health and Hygiene, Waste, Sustainable Sourcing, Fairness in

the Workplace, Opportunities for Women and Inclusive Business pillar commitments in

2018, as well as selected EOS metrics.

 Unilever’s Basis of Preparation 2017 (PDF | 6MB) (/Images/basis­of­preparation­

2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf) contains a full description of all the USLP and EOS

performance measures – including the definition, scope and data preparation and

assumptions – and the three pillar commitments that have been subject to limited

assurance by PwC’s work.  PwC’s Limited Assurance Report 2017 (PDF | 281KB)

(/Images/pwc­limited­assurance­report­2017_tcm244­519550_1_en.pdf) concludes

their work for the 2017 reporting year.

There are currently no industry norms or globally recognised practices for evaluating

and measuring many of the performance indicators in the USLP. We have developed a

phased approach that will enable us to obtain limited assurance over the nine

commitments which are central to our USLP.

The environmental performance indicators assured were chosen because they reflect

the main environmental aspects for our manufacturing sites, including utilities

consumption, and waste, air and water pollution. Occupational safety indicators were

chosen because a safe workplace environment is always a top priority for our

business.

As we incorporate more sustainability data in our Annual Report and Accounts, we are

aligning our assurance process with our financial reporting timetable. As a result,

independent assurance was provided in our Annual Report and Accounts 2017 in

February 2018, apart from our Sustainable Sourcing metrics. These were assured in

time for publication of the online Unilever Sustainable Living 2017 Report in April 2018.

The documents relating to independent external assurance in the years prior to 2017

are available in Reports & Publications.

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond Report and
assurance
In March 2014 Unilever issued a £250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting

investors to support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit.

The four­and­a­half year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the

first green bond in the sterling market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG

company. Proceeds are being used on projects linked to greenhouse gases, water and

waste targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We worked with independent sustainability service provider DNV GL to develop a

Green Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around

the Environmental and Use of Proceeds criteria. Together these criteria meet the

guidance given in the Green Bond Principles (comprising Voluntary Process

Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds dated 13 January 2014) that there should be a

robust process and disclosure by an issuer to facilitate understanding of the

characteristics of a bond by investors and others in this area.

This is the fourth Unilever Green Sustainability Bond Report for the year to 31st

December 2017.

Projects benefiting from proceeds of the Bond

Spreads: An extension to our existing factory in Johnson County, Kansas, US. The

design for this site introduces many eco­efficiency features such as energy efficient

drives and lighting, heat recovery from steam and refrigeration systems and LEED

building certification. In the early operational phase.

Home Care: Our factory at Anderbold, Johannesburg, South Africa produces home

care brands for the domestic market. The site design employs eco­efficiency

improvements including rainwater harvesting, water recycling, daylight harvesting

and LEED building certification. In the early operational phase.

Home Care: An investment in Chengdu, Sichuan, China is Unilever’s eighth factory

in the country. The site, which produces laundry powders, brings eco­efficiency

improvements including water recycling, a biomass furnace, LED lighting and LEED

building certification. In the early operational phase.

Home and Personal Care: A new multi­category factory in Selçuklu­Konya, Turkey

will produce brands employing eco­efficiency measures such as rainwater

harvesting, water recycling, solar water heating and LEED building certification. In

the construction phase during 2016.

Refreshment: This project further strengthens the environmental credentials of our

ice cream cabinets at the point of sale through the purchase of HFC­free freezer

cabinets using natural hydrocarbon refrigerants (HC). Freezers have been

purchased for distribution and operation and this project is completed.

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond assurance
statements
The 3 factories in the operational phase (Spreads factory in the US, Home Care

factory in China, Home Care factory in South Africa) have each achieved all of the

relevant environmental criteria. The Home and Personal Care factory in Turkey is in

the early operational stage, and meets all the criteria other than: (1) full water

performance per tonne of production. We continue to evaluate the performance of all

of the factories and are taking steps to further enhance the environmental performance

to meet and exceed environmental criteria.

These statements have been independently assured by DNV GL – see  DNV GL

Independent Limited Assurance Statement – Unilever Green Bond 2018 (PDF |

553KB) (/Images/dnv­gl­independent­limited­assurance­statement­­­unilever­green­

bond­2018_tcm244­520356_1_en.pdf) to read the DNV GL assurance statement

and which also lists the relevant environmental criteria.

In the report on the Green Sustainability Bond as at 31 January 2015, Unilever

confirmed that all of the net proceeds of our Green Sustainability Bond:

1. Have been managed according to the Use of Proceeds Criteria*; and

2. Have been spent with the above projects to fund actual project expenditure*. In

addition in the previous report on the Green Sustainability Bond as at 31 December

2015, Unilever confirmed that the HFC freezer cabinets meet the relevant

environmental criteria for such freezers.

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond assurance to
2018
We will continue to report annually on our progress.

* KPMG LLP provided limited assurance in accordance with ISAE 3000 ­ see Downloads to read the KPMG

LLP assurance report.

Related links

Downloads



About our reporting
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/about­
our­reporting/)

Reports & publications





Unilever’s Basis of Preparation
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/basis­of­preparation­
2017_tcm244­519548_en.pdf)

DNV GL Independent Limited
Assurance Statement –
Unilever Green Bond 2018
PDF | 553KB
(/Images/dnv­gl­independent­
limited­assurance­statement­­­
unilever­green­bond­
2018_tcm244­
520356_1_en.pdf)



Previous

Engaging with
stakeholders

Our metrics

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/engaging­with­
stakeholders/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/our­metrics/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Our metrics
Our metrics enable us to measure and report progress on our Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan.

Our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) has three big goals: to improve health

and well­being (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/), reduce our

environmental impact (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/) and

enhance livelihoods (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/). Supporting these

goals are nine commitments, which are underpinned by metrics and targets spanning

social, environmental and economic performance in our value chain. We have a clear

methodology for each metric which we have kept under regular review since launching

the USLP in 2010.

Improving health and well-being metrics
By 2020 our goal is to help more than 1 billion people take action to improve their

health and well­being.

The main way we assess progress on health and hygiene is to track the cumulative

number of people reached by an intervention from one of our programmes such as

handwashing, self­esteem, oral health and sanitation.

Health & hygiene

Our oral health target measures the number of people reached through oral health

improvement programmes educated to change their tooth brushing habits.

For our safe drinking water target we measure the litres of drinking water provided,

rather than the number of people reached, aiming for 150 billion litres of safe drinking

water by 2020. This target focuses our efforts on what matters most for health – the

ongoing consumption of safe drinking water.

Improving nutrition

For our target on improving nutrition we track the percentage of products which meet

our  highest nutritional standards (PDF | 144KB) (/Images/unc­external­

2018_tcm244­510082_en.pdf) based on globally recognised dietary guidelines for salt,

saturated and trans fat, added sugar and kilocalories. Since 2012, we have measured

progress by volume rather than by product. The majority of our products meet, or are

better than, benchmarks on national nutritional recommendations.

In 2013 we reviewed the nutrient levels derived from globally recognised dietary

guidelines, which form the basis of our highest nutritional standards. We adapted the

criteria underlying the highest nutritional standards and these are product­focused and

align with our category­specific programmes. This enables us to prioritise the nutrients

that matter most for a particular product.

Reducing environmental impact metrics
By 2030 our goal is to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our

products compared to 2010 as we grow our business. We aim to halve the waste and

water impact related to the consumer use of our products by 2020 and the greenhouse

gas (GHG) emissions across the lifecycle of our products by 2030.

Greenhouse gas, water use and waste & packaging

To measure waste and GHG impacts we carry out a detailed analysis for over 3,000

products in 14 countries. For water, our analysis covers over 600 water using products

across seven water­scarce markets.

The products we analyse are chosen because they share similar relevant

characteristics with a wider group of products (known as a ‘product cluster’). We

extrapolate the results from representative individual products to their product cluster

so our final analysis covers most of our sales volume by category in each of the in­

scope markets studied.

Most Unilever products are in scope for the footprint calculation. We exclude product

groups for which it is not possible to acquire the required data with sufficient accuracy.

For example, partnership products, Food Solutions, bulk and export items, and tools

and devices. We don’t include products that have an exceptionally high number of

uses per consumer unit (eg hundreds of cotton swabs in a box of Q Tips) because this

would distort the per­consumer­use performance measure. These exclusions are

applied consistently across all footprint performance measures.

We take the following approach to measuring our environmental impacts:

Greenhouse gas emissions are measured in CO  equivalent emissions across six

2

phases of the lifecycle: raw materials (primary packaging, secondary packaging

and ingredients), manufacturing, distribution, retail, consumer use and disposal.

Water use is measured as the water in litres in our products (as an ingredient) plus

the water used by consumers for our products in water using sub­divisions in seven

water­scarce countries (China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and

the USA). Agricultural water and water use related to non­renewable materials (raw

material phase) are not included as these data are not available at the necessary

quality or accuracy.

Waste is measured in grams from disposal (after use by our consumers) of our

primary and secondary packaging where this has not been recycled, reused, or

recovered, plus product left behind in the primary pack at disposal (“leftover”).

The GHG and waste generated and water abstracted by our manufacturing operations

is measured separately as part of our eco­efficiency programme (/sustainable­

living/reducing­environmental­impact/eco­efficiency­in­manufacturing/).

In January 2017, we announced a new target (/news/press­releases/2017/Unilever­

commits­to­100­percent­recyclable­plastic.html): to ensure all of our plastic packaging

is designed to be reusable, recyclable, or compostable by 2025. Our performance for

2017, can be found in the Waste and Packaging (/sustainable­living/reducing­

environmental­impact/waste­and­packaging/) section of our Sustainable Living Report

for 2017.

Sustainable sourcing

Sustainable sourcing is measured as the percentage (by weight) of raw or packaging

material sourced from verifiable sustainable renewable sources or made from recycled

materials. To assess progress we work with suppliers and their farmers on self­

assessment against the requirements of the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code.

Details of how this programme works, and when we consider a raw material to be

“sustainably sourced” can be found in the  Scheme Rules (PDF | 859KB)

(/Images/scheme­rules­sac­2010_tcm244­502686_1_en.pdf).

We use an independent verifier to check whether self­assessments are robust and

credible. When deviations are found ­ where suppliers and farmers thought they were

in full compliance whereas in reality they were not ­ we have applied an adjustment

factor to our sustainably sourced volumes.

In addition to this self­assessment process against our Sustainable Agriculture Code,

we also rely on the certification of our suppliers who are certified to external

sustainability standards such as the  Rainforest Alliance (http://www.rainforest­

alliance.org/), the  Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (http://www.rspo.org/about)

or the  Round Table on Responsible Soy (http://www.responsiblesoy.org/?lang=en).

Enhancing livelihoods metrics
By 2020 our goal is to enhance the livelihoods of millions of people as we grow our

business, through our commitments on Fairness in the Workplace (/sustainable­

living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­workplace/), Opportunities for Women

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/opportunities­for­women/), and Inclusive

Business (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/inclusive­business/). We report our

progress against metrics that we designed in consultation with external stakeholders,

and continually assess them to ensure they remain relevant.

To support our work, we have developed an Electronic Measurement, Analytics and

Reporting Solution (ELMA) which is enabling us to more robustly track and evidence

our results. In 2017, ELMA was deployed for all metric initiatives, which previously

depended on paper to record progress. ELMA enables us to have a secure audit trail

with records and results all in one place.

Assurance and independent review

In 2011 a panel of lifecycle analysis experts led by Professor Roland Clift (University of

Surrey, UK) conducted a scientific review of our approach to measuring and reducing

our environmental impacts and concluded it to be sound and appropriate.

They looked at the scope and boundaries of the metrics, the validity of calculation

methods, assumptions and data sources. The Panel’s full report can be found  here

(PDF | 98KB)

(/Images/peer_review_panels_comments_on_unilevers_less_environmental_impact_programme_tcm244­

409762_en.pdf). They concluded:

“We consider Unilever’s approach to be sound and appropriate. Unilever has selected

a set of impacts which are relevant to describing the lifecycle environmental impacts of

the company’s businesses and products. The baseline data provide a representative

picture of current performance in terms of these impacts, and consistent application of

the approach should give a sound indication of progress towards the targets the

company has set.”

Related links

Downloads



Peer Review Panel’s
comments on Unilever’s ‘Less
Environmental Impact’ (LEI)
Programme
PDF | 98KB
(/Images/peer_review_panels_comm
409762_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation
2016
PDF | 693KB
(/Images/unilever­basis­of­
preparation­uslp­reporting­
2016_tcm244­504821_en.pdf)



Health & hygiene (/sustainable­
living/improving­health­and­
well­being/health­and­
hygiene/)



Improving nutrition
(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­
being/improving­nutrition/)



Greenhouse gases
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/greenhouse­gases/)



Water use (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/water­use/)



Waste & Packaging
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)



Sustainable sourcing
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)



Fairness in the workplace
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/fairness­in­the­
workplace/)



Opportunities for women
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)



Inclusive business
(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/inclusive­business/)



Our strategy for sustainable
business (/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/)



Our approach to reporting
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­reporting/)



Independent assurance
(/sustainable­living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/independent­
assurance/)



Lifecycle assessments
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/lifecycle­
assessments/)



Previous

Independent
assurance

Interactive data
charts

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/independent­
assurance/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/interactive­data­
charts/)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

Interactive data charts
Use these charts to view environmental, social and economic data from our

online Unilever Sustainable Living Report 2017.

16 Charts

Reducing Environmental Impacts

Climate and Energy



Energy ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Energy ­ total load (1995­2017)



CO₂ from energy ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



CO₂ from energy ­ Total emissions load (1995­2017)



Sources of CO₂ emissions by different energy sources (1995­2017)

Water



Water ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Water ­ Total load (1995­2017)

Waste and Effluents



Total waste sent for disposal ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Total waste sent for disposal ­ Total load (1995­2017)



Disposed hazardous waste ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Hazardous waste ­ Total load (1995­2017)



Disposed non­hazardous waste ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Non­hazardous waste ­ Total load (1995­2017)



Waste material reused, recycled and recovered (1995­2017)



Chemical Oxygen Demand ­ Load per tonne of production (1995­2017)



Chemical Oxygen Demand ­ Total load (1995­2017)

Health and Safety



Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) (1998­2003)



Accident total recordable frequency rate (TRFR) (2003­2017)



Fatal accidents (1998­2017)

Economic Impacts



Unilever Group ­ Distribution of value added (2017)

Local Communities



Community spend by motivation (2017)



Community spend by type of contribution (2017)

3 Charts

1 Charts

2 Charts



Previous

Our metrics

GRI index

Next 

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/our­metrics/)

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­
to­reporting/gri­index/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

GRI index
We compile an index that provides an overview of our reporting against the

GRI G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines

The Global Reporting Initiative
The Global Reporting Initiative's (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines provide a

comprehensive set of indicators covering the economic, environmental and ethical

impacts of a company's performance. These reporting principles have informed our

reporting for many years and we assess our performance against the GRI guidelines.

Our 2017 Sustainable Living Report has been prepared ‘in accordance’ with the core

option of GRI G4 Reporting Guidelines.

Our 2017  GRI index (PDF | 462KB) (/Images/unilever­gri­index­2017_tcm244­

523514_en.pdf) is available for download.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) has provided independent assurance

(/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­assurance/) of the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) and Environmental and Occupational Safety (EOS)

performance indicators.



Previous

Interactive data
charts

UNGC index

Next 

UNGC index
As a founding signatory of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we

are committed to living out the Compact's principles on human rights, labour

standards, environment and anti­corruption in everyday business

operations.

Communication on Progress
We report on our activity around the ten UN Global Compact’s Principles covering

human rights, labour standards, environmental responsibility and business integrity

(anti­corruption) in our annual Global Compact Communication on Progress (COP).

This is an index that cross­references the Ten Principles to our approach and how the

Principles are integrated into our business as well as our commitments as a Business

for Peace signatory. It also provides links to the relevant sections of our online Unilever

Sustainable Living Report and meets the requirements of the Advanced COP criteria.

Our 2018 Global Compact Communication on Progress (COP) self­assessment is

available here:  Unilever 2018 UNGC Index (PDF | 720KB) (/Images/unilever­ungc­

cop­2018_tcm244­523696_en.pdf).

Our  UN Global Compact CEO Leadership Statement (PDF | 371KB)

(/Images/unilever­ungc­cop­2018­leadership­statement_tcm244­523697_en.pdf) is

available for download.

Extending our support

We have been signatories to  Global Compact LEAD

(https://www.unglobalcompact.org/take­action/leadership/gc­lead) for 8 years. LEAD is

a group of sustainability leaders that aim to achieve higher levels of environmental,

social and governance performance, tackle corporate sustainability issues and

encourage greater action by the corporate sector.

Companies joining LEAD commit to work towards implementation of the Blueprint for

Corporate Sustainability Leadership, a comprehensive roadmap outlining around 50

actions businesses can take to achieve greater sustainability. The Blueprint was first

introduced by the Global Compact in June 2010. It provides an action plan in three

core areas, identifying best practices in each and a total of 50 criteria for leadership.

The core areas focus on integrating the Global Compact’s Ten Principles into

strategies and operations; taking action in support of broader UN goals and issues;

and engaging with the Global Compact. See  UNGC

(http://www.unglobalcompact.org/take­action/leadership/gc­lead) for more detail.

LEAD actively engaged with global policy makers on the post­2015 development

agenda. Following the adoption of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in

2015, LEAD is working to shape the tools and standards that will guide business action

on the SDGs for the next fifteen years and will showcase examples of how business

strategies and goal setting can fully align with global sustainable development

priorities.

LEAD companies continue to share their knowledge and report on their activities and

collaboration with United Nations agencies, funds and programme to tackle

sustainability challenges.

Unilever is also a signatory to UNGC’s  Business for Peace initiative

(https://www.unglobalcompact.org/take­action/action/peace). Business for Peace is a

platform of over 130 leading companies from 37 countries dedicated to catalysing

collaborative action to advance peace. Companies who join Business for Peace

commit to:

Paying heightened attention to the implementation of the UN Global Compact Ten

Principles in high­risk and conflict­affected areas

Take action to advance peace, either individually or in collaboration with others

Annually communicate on progress

In 2012, our Chief Executive Officer, Paul Polman, joined the Board of the UN Global

Compact.

Related links

Downloads

External links



Our governance
(/sustainable­
living/our­
strategy/our­



Unilever 2018
UNGC Index
PDF | 720KB



UN Global
Compact
Principles
(https://www.unglobalc





(/Images/unilever­
ungc­cop­
2018_tcm244­
523696_en.pdf)

UN Global
Compact COP
Leadership
Statement
PDF | 371KB
(/Images/unilever­
ungc­cop­2018­
leadership­
statement_tcm244­
523697_en.pdf)

Code of
Business
Principles and
Related Code
Policies
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/code­
of­business­
principles­and­
code­
policies_tcm244­
409220_en.pdf)

sustainability­
governance/)



About our
reporting
(/sustainable­
living/our­
approach­to­
reporting/about­
our­reporting/)



Code of
Business
Principles
(/about/who­we­
are/our­values­
and­principles/)

Reports & publications

archive



Previous

GRI index

Next 

Reports & publications archive

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

Reports & publications
This archive contains our sustainability publications and key policy

documents.

Each year we produce our comprehensive Sustainable Living Report (/sustainable­

living/our­sustainable­living­report­hub/) detailing progress against the Unilever

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP). It is published online only.

To complement the wealth of detail in our Sustainable Living Report, we produce

overviews of our performance against our USLP targets, see our one­page  USLP

Performance Summary 2017 (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­sustainable­living­plan­

2017_tcm244­521742_en.pdf) or our  USLP Summary of Progress 2015­2017 (PDF

| 212KB) (/Images/uslp­targets­­­3­year­progress_tcm244­523202_1_en.pdf). Our

Annual Report & Accounts also features our progress against the USLP.

The archive below lists our sustainability reports back to 1999 and the assurance

reports for our sustainability metrics. We’ve also included other important documents,

such as our Code of Business Principles, Human Rights Report, Sustainable

Agriculture Code and studies of our economic footprint.

In About our reporting (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/about­our­

reporting/) we detail our approach to reporting including the standards we

follow, assurance (/sustainable­living/our­approach­to­reporting/independent­

assurance/) and how we define the material issues (/sustainable­living/our­approach­

to­reporting/defining­our­material­issues/) for our business.

Sustainability summaries and reports



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Performance Summary 2017
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­sustainable­living­plan­2017_tcm244­521742_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Summary of Progress 2015­2017
PDF | 212KB
(/Images/uslp­targets­­­3­year­progress_tcm244­523202_1_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Summary of Progress 2016
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/uslp­summary­of­progress­2016_tcm244­525708_1_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, Mobilising Collective Action: Summary of
progress 2015
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/uslp­mobilising­collective­action­summary­of­progress­
2015_tcm244­424809_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan 2014: Scaling for Impact
PDF | 9MB
(/Images/uslp­unilever­sustainable­living­plan­scaling­for­impact­summary­
of­progress­2014_tcm244­481642_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan 2013: Making progress, driving change
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/slp_unilever­sustainable­living­plan­2013_tcm244­409814_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan: Progress Report 2012
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/uslp­progress­report­2012­fi_tcm244­409862_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Progress Report 2011
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/uslp­
unilever_sustainable_living_plan_progress_report_2011_tcm244­
409863_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (November 2010)
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/unilever­sustainable­living­plan_tcm244­409855_en.pdf)



Sustainable Development Overview 2009: Creating a better future every day
PDF | 8MB
(/Images/sd_unileversdreport170310_amended_tcm244­409789_en.pdf)



Sustainable Development Overview 2008
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/unilever_sustainable_development_overview2008_v3_tcm244­
409843_en.pdf)



Sustainable Development Overview 2007

PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­sd­2007­final_tcm244­409832_1_en.pdf)



Sustainable development report 2007: Introduction & Our business and
impacts
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/es_intro_tcm244­409737_en.pdf)



Sustainable development report 2007: Nutrition, hygiene & well­being
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/es_nutrition_tcm244­409739_en.pdf)



Sustainable development report 2007: Environmental sustainability
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/es_environmental_tcm244­409733_en.pdf)



Sustainable development report 2007: Economic development
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/es­economic_tcm244­409732_en.pdf)



Sustainable development report 2007: People & partners
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/es_people_tcm244­409740_en.pdf)



Sustainable Development Report 2006
PDF | 8MB
(/Images/es_sustainable­development­report­2006_tcm13­387392_tcm244­
409744_en.pdf)



Environmental & Social Report 2005
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/environmental­and­social­report­bkmks_tcm244­409721_en.pdf)



Environmental Report 2004
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/enviro­report­2004_tcm244­409720_en.pdf)



Social Report 2004
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/es_social_report_2004_tcm244­409743_en.pdf)



Environmental Report 2003
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/environmental­report­2003_tcm244­409722_en.pdf)



Summary Social Review 2003
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/summary­social­review­2003_tcm244­409825_en.pdf)



Unilever Environmental Performance Report (2003 Report on 2002 data)
PDF | 608KB
(/Images/2003­environmental­performance­report_tcm244­409705_1_en.pdf)



Global Challenges: Local Actions (English)
PDF | 545KB

(/Images/global­challenges­local­actions_tcm244­409749_en.pdf)



Unilever Environmental Performance Summary Report (2002 Report on 2001
data)
PDF | 721KB
(/Images/2002­environmental­performance­summary­report_tcm244­
409701_en.pdf)



2002 Social Review of 2001 Data
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/2002­social­review­of­2001­data_tcm244­409702_en.pdf)



2001 Unilever Environmental Performance Summary Report (covering data
in 2000)
PDF | 550KB
(/Images/2001­unilever­environmental­performance­summary­
report_tcm244­409700_en.pdf)



2000 Social Review of 1999 Data
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/2000­social­review­of­1999­data_tcm244­409696_en.pdf)



Unilever Environmental Performance 2000, How We Care For The
Environment (covering data in 1999)
PDF | 429KB
(/Images/2000­unilever­environmental­performance­how­we­care­for­the­
environment_tcm244­409698_en.pdf)

Assurance



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation ­ Annual Report & Sustainable Living Report
2017
PDF | 6MB
(/Images/unilevers­basis­of­preparation­annual­report­­­sustainable­living­
report­2017_tcm244­518699_1_en.pdf)



PwC’s Assurance Report ­ Annual Report & Sustainable Living Report 2017
PDF | 270KB
(/Images/pwcs­assurance­report­annual­report­­­sustainable­living­report­
2017_tcm244­518701_1_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation ­ Annual Report & Sustainable Living Report
2016
PDF | 693KB
(/Images/unilevers­basis­of­preparation­annual­report­­­sustainable­living­
report­2016_tcm244­498753_1_en.pdf)



PwC’s Assurance Report ­ Annual Report & Sustainable Living Report 2016
PDF | 226KB

(/Images/pwcs­assurance­report­annual­report­­­sustainable­living­report­
2016_tcm244­498752_1_en.pdf)



Unilever's Basis of Preparation 2015
PDF | 324KB
(/Images/unilever­s­basis­of­preparation­2015_tcm244­515005_1_en.pdf)



PwC's Assurance Report 2015
PDF | 251KB
(/Images/uslp­pwc­s­independent­limited­assurance­report­2015_tcm244­
515003_1_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation 2014
PDF | 433KB
(/Images/unilevers­basis­of­preparation­2014_tcm244­423310_en.pdf)



PwC's Assurance Report 2014
PDF | 250KB
(/Images/pwc­independent­limited­assurance­report­2014_tcm244­
414398_1_en.pdf)



Unilever's Basis of Preparation 2013
PDF | 982KB
(/Images/unilevers_basis_of_preparation_2013_ar13_tcm13­
387186_tcm244­409852_en.pdf)



PwC's Assurance Statement 2013
PDF | 248KB
(/Images/pwc_independent_limited_assurance_report_ara13_04032014_tcm13­
386990_tcm244­409765_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Basis of Preparation 2012
PDF | 728KB
(/Images/unilever_basis_of_preparation_2012_tcm244­424791_en.pdf)



PwC's Assurance Report 2012
PDF | 196KB
(/Images/pwcs­assurance­report­2012_tcm13­387368_tcm244­
409767_en.pdf)



Unilever's Basis of Preparation 2011 (Oct 2012)
PDF | 204KB
(/Images/unilever­s­basis­of­preparation­2011­october­2012_tcm244­
409854_en.pdf)



PwC's Independent Assurance Report 2011 (Oct 2012)
PDF | 147KB
(/Images/pwcassurance­report_unilever_30­oct­2012_tcm244­
424793_1_en.pdf)



Unilever's Basis of Reporting 2011 for ten assured Environmental and
Occupational Safety (EOS) indicators (Aug 2012)
PDF | 333KB
(/Images/unilever­s­basis­of­reporting­2011­for­ten­assured­environmental­
and­occupational­safety­­eos­­indicators_tcm13­387410_tcm244­

409849_1_en.pdf)



Independent Assurance Report by Deloitte 2011 (Aug 2012)
PDF | 39KB
(/Images/deloitte­independent­assurance­statement­2011_­01­_tcm244­
409718_1_en.pdf)

Key policies and documents



Code of Business Principles
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­
409220_en.pdf)



Unilever Responsible Sourcing Policy
PDF | 8MB
(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­eng_tcm244­
508791_en.pdf)



Responsible Business Partner Policy
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/responsible­business­partner­policy­may­2017_tcm244­
504807_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­agriculture­code­­sac­­­2017_tcm244­
515371_1_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Principles on Responsible Food and Beverage Marketing
PDF | 461KB
(/Images/unilevers­principles­on­responsible­food­and­beverage­marketing­
july­2017_tcm244­424772_en.pdf)



Human Rights Policy Statement
PDF | 609KB
(/Images/unilever­human­rights­policy­statement_tcm244­422954_en.pdf)



Unilever Human Rights Report 2017
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/human­rights­progress­report_tcm244­513973_en.pdf)



Unilever Human Rights Report 2015
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­human­rights­report­2015_tcm244­437226_en.pdf)



Labour Rights in Unilever's Supply Chain ­ From compliance towards good
practice. An Oxfam study of labour issues in Unilever's Vietnam operations
and supply chain (February 2013)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/rr­unilever­supply­chain­labour­rights­vietnam­310113­en_tcm244­
409769_en.pdf)



Exploring the links between wealth creation & poverty reduction: a case
study of Unilever in Indonesia (2005)
PDF | 259KB
(/Images/es­exploring­the­links­executive­summary_tcm244­409734_en.pdf)



Exploring the links between international businesses and socio­economic
development of Vietnam ­ A case study of Unilever in Indonesia (2009)
PDF | 836KB
(/Images/sd_exploring_the_links_between_international_businesses_and_socio­
economic_development_of_vietnam­­­a_case_study_of_unilever_vietnam­
­2009­_tcm13­387467_tcm244­409772_1_en.pdf)



Measuring Unilever’s Economic Footprint: The Case of South Africa
PDF | 8MB
(/Images/es_insead­report220208_tcm244­409736_en.pdf)



Opportunities for Women: Challenging harmful social norms and gender
stereotypes to unlock women’s potential
PDF | 7MB
(/Images/unilever­opportunities­for­women_tcm244­500987_en.pdf)



Making Purpose Pay ­ Inspiring Sustainable Living
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/making­purpose­pay­inspiring­sustainable­living­170515_tcm244­
506419_en.pdf)



Unilever's Five Levers for Change (November 2011)
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/slp­5­levers­for­change_tcm244­409796_en.pdf)

Sustainable sourcing



Unilever Responsible Sourcing Policy

PDF | 8MB
(/Images/responsible­sourcing­policy­interactive­eng_tcm244­
508791_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (2017)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­agriculture­code­­sac­­­2017_tcm244­
515371_1_en.pdf)



Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (2010)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­2010­spread_tcm244­423998_en.pdf)



Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy
PDF | 407KB
(/Images/unilever­sustainable­palm­oil­sourcing­policy­2016_tcm244­
507621_en.pdf)



Sustainable Paper and Board Packaging Policy
PDF | 168KB
(/Images/unilever­paper­and­board­packaging­policy­2018_tcm244­
529491_en.pdf)



The Farmer Field School project: Growing sustainable tea in Kenya (2009)
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/sd_the­farmer­field­school­project­growing­sustainable­tea­in­
kenya_tcm244­424147_en.pdf)



Sustainable Palm Oil: Unilever takes the lead (2008)
PDF | 273KB
(/Images/es_unilever_palmoil_v71_tcm244­409745_en.pdf)



Sustainable winter oilseed rape (2007)
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/sustainable­winter­oilseed­rape­good­agricultural­practice­
guidelines­2007_tcm244­409828_en.pdf)



The Colworth Farm Project: Putting Sustainable Agriculture to the Test
(2005)
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/es­unilevers­colworth­farm­project­2005_tcm244­409747_en.pdf)



Growing for the Future: Unilever and Sustainable Agriculture. 3rd edition
(2005)
PDF | 4MB
(/Images/es_growing_for_the_future_3rd_ed_tcm13­27805_tcm13­
387447_tcm244­409735_en.pdf)



Sustainable fishing off the coast of South Africa ­ Fishing for a future (2005)
PDF | 728KB
(/Images/south­african­cape­hake­fishery_tcm244­424821_en.pdf)



Unilever & Sustainable Agriculture: Water (2009)
PDF | 4MB

(/Images/sd_unilever_and_sustainable_agriculture­water_tcm244­
409786_en.pdf)



Sustainable Tomatoes – Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (2004)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/2004­sustainable­tomatoes­good­agricultural­practice­
guidelines_tcm244­409709_en.pdf)



Sustainable Spinach – Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (2003)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­spinach­good­agricultural­practice­guidelines­
­2003_tcm244­409827_en.pdf)



Growing For The Future – Tomatoes: For a Sustainable Future (2003)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/es­2003­tomatoes­for­sustainable­future­brochure_tcm244­
424301_en.pdf)



Sustainable Vining Peas – Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (2003)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/2003­sustainable­vining­peas­good­agricultural­practice­
guidelines_tcm244­409707_en.pdf)



Unilever’s Fish Sustainability Initiative (2003)
PDF | 207KB
(/Images/unilevers­fish­sustainability­initiative_tcm244­424822_en.pdf)



Fishing For The Future II: Unilever's Fish Sustainability Initiative (FSI) (2003)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/2003­fishing­for­the­future­ii­unilever­s­fish­sustainability­
initiative_tcm244­409706_en.pdf)



Growing For The Future – Spinach: For a Sustainable Future (2003)
PDF | 758KB
(/Images/spinach­for­a­sustainable­future­2003_tcm244­409823_en.pdf)



Sustainable Palm Oil: Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (2003)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­palm­oil­good­agricultural­practice­guidelines­
2003_tcm244­409829_en.pdf)



Tea ­ A Popular Beverage (2003)
PDF | 721KB
(/Images/es_2003_tea­a­popular­beverage_tcm244­409725_en.pdf)



Sustainable Tea – Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (for large tea
estates) (2003)
PDF | 924KB
(/Images/es­2003­sustainable­tea­good­agricultural­practice­guidelines­for­
large­tea­estates_tcm244­409723_en.pdf)



Sustainable Tea – Good Agricultural Practice Guidelines (for small farmers)
(2003)
PDF | 353KB

(/Images/es_2003_sustainable_tea_good_agricultural_practice_guidelines_for­
small­farmers_tcm244­409724_en.pdf)



Palm Oil: A sustainable future (2002)
PDF | 442KB
(/Images/palm­oil­a­sustainable­future­2002_tcm244­409761_en.pdf)



In pursuit of the sustainable pea (2002)
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/2002­in­pursuit­of­the­sustainable­pea_tcm244­409704_en.pdf)



Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Special Report: Cultivating Sustainable
Agriculture (2001)
PDF | 815KB
(/Images/2001­cultivating­sustainable­agriculture_tcm244­409699_1_en.pdf)



Growing for the Future: Unilever and Sustainable Agriculture (1999)
PDF | 3MB
(/Images/1999­sustainable­agriculture­brochure­growing­for­the­
future_tcm244­409695_en.pdf)

*In 2015, Unilever started to publish its Sustainability Report online and provide summary documents instead of a

full PDF version of the report.



Previous

UNGC index

About our reporting

Next 

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Transformational change
We have set out to make a difference to those big issues that matter most

to our business and to the world.

Our goal: transformational change at system
level
Our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan is a bold ambition to achieve change within our

company ­ through our brands, innovation, sourcing and operations. But the stark truth

is that we are just one company among many and the problems our society faces –

climate change, inequality, hunger ­ are urgent, large and complex. Change in our own

business is not enough. Incremental improvements beyond our business are not

enough.

We need fundamental change to whole systems if we are to make a genuine

difference on the issues that matter for our business and the world. We call this

transformational change. It combines our own actions with partnerships and external

advocacy on public policy to create change on a systemic scale, which contributes to

the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Increasingly, we’re finding new ways to help bring about these systemic changes. This

is a responsibility but also an opportunity, because resilient societies and economies

are ones in which businesses such as Unilever can flourish. We are working on four

main areas where we believe we can make the biggest difference:

Taking action on climate change and forests

Improving livelihoods and creating more opportunities for women

Improving health & well­being – particularly in water, sanitation and hygiene

Championing sustainable agriculture, focused land use and food security

Our approach
At the heart of our transformational change agenda are the twin goals of combating

climate change and promoting human development. Across all of the four main areas

that we’re working on, the role of women is crucial, both as partners and beneficiaries.

Women are also critical to eradicating poverty and accelerating global development, so

we’re creating more opportunities for women across our value chain.

Transformational change means using our scale and influence to alter the systems

we’re part of so positive change becomes possible. It is about making our voice heard

through advocacy on policy and regulation; collaborating with others to extend our

reach and impact and; convening progressive businesses with specific expertise to

tackle multi­faceted issues.

We are stepping up our engagement with governments, NGOs and others in our

industry. We are developing a range of partnerships that will catalyse new solutions to

complex problems. And we’re continuing to test new solutions in our business to

demonstrate that change at scale is achievable.

Explore how we’re taking action to achieve
transformational change

Taking action on
climate change and
forests

Improving livelihoods
and creating more
opportunities for
women

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­
gases/protecting­our­forests/)
Our ambition is to combat the threat

from climate change – working to

achieve a shift in food, agriculture and

consumption systems and the

elimination of deforestation from the

world’s commodity supply chains.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/greenhouse­

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)
Empowering women is critical to

eradicating poverty and accelerating

global development.

(/sustainable­living/enhancing­
livelihoods/opportunities­for­
women/)

gases/protecting­our­forests/)

Improving health &
well-being

Championing
sustainable
agriculture, focused
land use and food
security

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­and­
hygiene/)
Access to safe drinking water, sanitation

and hygiene lifts people out of poverty,

improves health and changes lives. By

partnering with others, we can speed up

progress towards universal access.

(/sustainable­living/improving­
health­and­well­being/health­and­
hygiene/)

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)
We want to bring about a world where

sustainable agriculture is the only type of

agriculture. This is the best way to end

hunger, achieve food security and

improve nutrition.

(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/sustainable­
sourcing/)

What matters to you
Unilever's commitment to winning with integrity is enshrined in our company values and underpins the

way we do business.

Our Code of Business Principles (/about/who­we­are/our­values­and­principles/index.html) commits us to running our

operations with honesty, integrity and openness. Our approach is always to understand issues of concern and

respond.

To find out more about some of the topics we are asked about most, please select from the list below.

Farm animal welfare

Human rights

Sustainable
sourcing

Tax

A-Z listing

Advertising & marketing

We use advertising and marketing as a way to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

Marketing and advertising have many benefits. They help us tell people about our latest innovations, inform

consumers about what’s in our products and recommend how they should be used. They can even help us

change society for the better: Dove’s Campaign for Real Beauty, for example, challenges stereotypes about

the way people look.

However, the very power of marketing communications means that they must be used responsibly. We have

signed up to, and helped to define, global standards for the industry, centred on the promise that our

advertising and marketing will always be “legal, decent, honest and truthful”. Independently, we have also

made landmark decisions about our own practices. For example, we do not target children under six years old

and we never use ‘size zero’ models in our advertising.

 Find out more about advertising & marketing (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/advertising­and­

marketing.html)

Biofuels

We believe society should promote sustainable renewable energy that protects food supplies, rather than that

which may erode them.

The production of ‘first generation’ biofuels, made from crops or animal by­products, is rising as government

policy stimulates alternatives to fossil fuels. As crops are increasingly used for biofuels rather than food, food

supplies could be jeopardised, prices rise and biodiversity suffer. What’s more, biofuels made from vegetable

oils can actually create more greenhouse gases than fossil fuels.

With 34% of Unilever’s energy coming from renewable sources, we support the move to more sustainable

biofuels. But we believe society must work at developing sustainable alternatives for renewable energy

production including ‘second generation’ biofuels made from materials such as wood, straw and waste, which

do not erode food stocks. Switching to electric cars is another beneficial option. Governments, meanwhile,

need to consider the all­round impact of their renewable energy policies.

 Download the Biofuels Position Statement (PDF | 230KB) (/Images/unilevers­position­on­biofuels_tcm244­

423095_en.pdf)

 Find out more about biofuels (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/greenhouse­gases/how­

were­becoming­carbon­positive­in­our­operations/)

Bioplastics

We are working with bioplastics suppliers to find sustainable forms of packaging that do not threaten food

stocks.

Bioplastics are plant­based plastics made largely from staple food stocks, such as sugar beet and corn starch.

We are concerned that the rising demand for bioplastics could lead to food scarcity or higher prices. Reducing,

reusing and recycling packaging waste, including plastics, is one of the key Unilever Sustainable Living Plan

priorities.

We believe bioplastics should have a comparable or better impact on the environment than petroleum­based

plastic, and should not compromise recycling processes by contaminating traditional materials. We are working

with the bioplastics industry to explore new technologies and materials that are sustainably sourced and which

reflect social, economic and environmental factors. We are also on the steering team of the World Wildlife

Fund­led Bio Feedstock Alliance, which encourages the sustainable development of bioplastics.

 Download the Bioplastics Position Statement (PDF | 175KB) (/Images/bioplastics­position­statement­typo­

amends­nov­2015_tcm244­423101_en.pdf)

Biotechnology

Biotechnology can be described as the application of biological systems to develop ingredients and products.

We believes that biotechnology offers important opportunities to help us meet our Unilever Sustainable Living

Plan commitments both in sustainable sourcing of ingredients and the development of innovative products

which offer benefits to our consumers. We have been safely using biotechnology in our Homecare business for

decades and more recently started using algal oil in our Personal Care soap bars.

Our approach to biotechnology reflects the way we use science and innovation responsibly to drive sustainable

living. Here we outline our position on Biotechnology with respect to production of new ingredients and

products in a contained and controlled process through fermentation. Our position on the use of GMOs and

genetically modified crops can be accessed separately (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/genetically­

modified­crops.html).

 Find out more about biotechnology (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/biotechnology.html)

Conflict minerals

We aim to not use conflict minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries that

have been mined in support of armed conflict in any products. Our suppliers may continue to source minerals

from this region so long as they are sourced from mines or smelters that are verified as conflict­free. We are

committed to conducting ongoing due diligence and setting clear expectations from our suppliers.

Under certain US and EU regulations, companies are required to report whether they import conflict minerals

or if their products contain conflict minerals, such as tin or gold, from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or

its adjoining countries.

We buy raw materials from thousands of sources to supply Unilever factories based in more than 100

countries. We have conducted in­depth reviews of our suppliers and their supply chain; the results of our

review are disclosed in our Specialized Disclosure (SD) Form, filed with the United States Securities and

Exchange Commission. Our Responsible Sourcing Policy also covers the use of conflict minerals from this

region.

 Find out more about conflict minerals (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/conflict­minerals.html)

Developing alternative approaches to animal testing

We do not test our products on animals and are committed to ending animal testing wherever we operate. We

use a wide range of non­animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers and have

complied with the EU animal testing bans for cosmetics since 2004. We support calls for similar bans to be

introduced globally.

Our leading­edge research has one clear purpose: to continue to develop new non­animal approaches that

can guarantee that our products are safe, without any need for animal testing.

We’re proud that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) lists Unilever as a ‘company working for

regulatory change’ in recognition of our ongoing work on alternatives to animal testing and our commitment to

promoting their adoption worldwide.

Information about our research strategy and partners is available on our  Safety Science in the 21st Century

(http://tt21c.org/) website.

 Download the Animal Testing Position Statement (PDF | 387KB) (/Images/animal­testing­position­

statement_tcm244­526667_en.pdf)

 Find out more about developing alternative approaches to animal testing (/sustainable­living/what­matters­

to­you/developing­alternative­approaches­to­animal­testing.html)

Eliminating deforestation

As part of our commitment to tackling climate change, we are working to help end deforestation.

Deforestation is a major contributor to climate change, accounting for up to 15% of global greenhouse gas

emissions. More than half of the world’s deforestation arises from land clearance for growing just four raw

materials: palm oil, soy, beef, and paper and pulp. As buyers of nearly 3% of the world’s palm oil and 1% of its

soy, we have a significant role to play, but we cannot end deforestation alone.

In 2014 we announced that deforestation would become one of our three priorities for transformational change

and, as part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, committed to work with our supply chain, the wider

industry, governments and civil society to drive deforestation out of commodity supply chains and to implement

solutions at scale.

 Download the Eliminating Deforestation Position Statement (PDF | 167KB) (/Images/eliminating­

deforestation­position­statement_tcm244­423148_en.pdf)

 Find out more about eliminating deforestation (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/greenhouse­gases/protecting­our­forests/)

Farm animal welfare

We take animal welfare very seriously and have the ambition to purchase all our animal­derived ingredients

from sustainable sources by 2020.

A number of our products include ingredients from animals, such as the eggs in mayonnaise, dairy products in

ice cream and meat in bouillons and soups. Farm animal welfare is one of Unilever’s core sustainable

agriculture indicators and is part of our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC).

We believe good farm animal welfare schemes include issues such as housing and stocking density, hygiene,

feeding and feed, water supply, health management and the responsible use of antibiotics, the avoidance of

mutilations, transport, traceability and slaughtering methods. We require our suppliers to comply with legal

requirements and we help them to improve their performance in order to meet our SAC standards. Unilever will

report on a regular basis about the standards used for our animal­derived ingredients and the progress made.

 Download the Farm Animal Welfare Position Statement (PDF | 338KB) (/Images/unilever­s­position­on­

farm­animal­welfare_­updated­17­august­2015_tcm244­423150_en.pdf)

 Find out more about farm animal welfare (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/farm­animal­welfare.html)

Genetically modified crops

We support responsible use of science and technology in agriculture as it may help meet long­term food needs

more sustainably.

Genetically modified (GM) crops are widely used by farmers in many countries. There is a broad scientific

consensus that currently marketed GM crops and food ingredients produced from them are safe for people and

the environment. However, GM crops and GMOs (genetically modified organisms) prompt lively debate and

views differ from country to country.

Our commitment to safety, quality and sustainable agriculture covers all our food ingredients, whether from

conventional crops or GM crops authorised by regulatory bodies. Where feasible we offer products that meet

the preference for foods that do not use ingredients from GM crops. We also support the provision of

information to consumers who want to know about the use of ingredients produced from GM crops.

 Download the Genetically Modified Crops Position Statement (PDF | 519KB) (/Images/unilevers­position­

on­genetically­modified­crops_tcm244­424496_en.pdf)

 Find out more about genetically modified crops (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/genetically­

modified­crops.html)

Human microbiome

The human body contains trillions of micro­organisms. They are present all over the body including on the skin

and in the digestive system. The collection of these organisms is called the microbiome and it is unique to each

of us.

The microbiome is an exciting area of scientific discovery and understanding. A balanced microbiome

containing a diversity of organisms helps to maintain health and is essential for human development, immunity,

health and wellbeing. Each of our individual microbiomes adapts throughout our lifetime and people can

achieve a healthy microbiome in different ways.

Find out more about the human microbiome (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/the­human­

microbiome.html)

Human rights

We are committed to ensuring that human rights are respected, upheld and advanced across our operations

and value chain, wherever we do business.

We respect all internationally recognised human rights that are relevant to our operations. We prohibit

discrimination, forced, trafficked and child labour. We are committed to safe and healthy working conditions,

the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining, and to effective information and consultation

procedures. We expect our partners to adhere to business principles consistent with our own. We recognise

the importance of dialogue with employees, workers and external stakeholders who are, or could potentially

be, affected by our actions.

We continue to build our employees’ and workers’ awareness and knowledge of human rights, encouraging

them to speak up, without retribution, about any concerns they may have, including through our grievance

channels. We continually evaluate and review how best to strengthen our approach to addressing human

rights.

 Download the Human Rights Policy Statement (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/unilever­human­rights­report­

2015_tcm244­437226_en.pdf)

 Find out more about human rights (/sustainable­living/enhancing­livelihoods/fairness­in­the­

workplace/advancing­human­rights­in­our­own­operations/)

Kericho Tea Estates

Unilever has been growing tea in Kenya since 1924. The estate in Kericho covers over 8,700 hectares and is

Rainforest Alliance certified. Unilever offers many benefits including housing, free health care, nursery and

primary school education, clean potable drinking water and free meals during working hours. As with any

society where work and private lives are tightly intertwined, there are particular challenges that we are working

hard to address.

In 2013 allegations of sexual harassment of female workers were investigated and an independent review

made six recommendations, which were fully accepted and implemented immediately.

Progress is monitored monthly by our Leadership Team and has focused on prevention through increased

education and awareness whilst improving grievance and reporting procedures.

 Find out more about Kericho Tea Estates (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/kericho­tea­estates.html)

Kodaikanal, India

In 2001, after becoming aware of an environmental breach at our former factory in Kodaikanal, we took swift

action.

Glass scrap with residual mercury was sold to a local scrap dealer, in breach of guidelines. We immediately

closed the factory and retrieved glass scrap with residual mercury and soil from the scrap yard.

In 2003, we sent all mercury­bearing material to the US for recycling. In 2006, plant, machinery and materials

used in thermometer manufacturing were decontaminated and disposed of to industrial recyclers. An

independent environmental impact and risk assessment commissioned by us concluded that there was no

adverse impact on the environment in Kodaikanal, except in some areas of the factory premises.

Several expert studies have been conducted since the factory’s closure and all have concluded that our former

employees did not suffer ill­health due to the nature of their work. In 2016 we reached a settlement with our

former workers on a humanitarian basis at the suggestion of the Madras High Court – putting an end to a

matter which had been outstanding since a petition was filed in 2006.

 Find out more about Kodaikanal, India (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/kodaikanal­india.html)

Microplastics

To help protect the oceans from micro­plastics, we don’t use plastic scrub beads in Unilever products.

Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic which can end up in the seas, causing potential damage to the

environment. Most come from the breakdown of larger plastics in the ocean but some can come from their use

in consumer and industrial products.

An example of one possible source is the use of plastic scrub beads as an exfoliating material in some face

and body scrub washes. We formerly used plastic scrub beads in some of our exfoliating products but realised

we could make products that work just as well without using them. So, in 2014, we stopped using plastic scrub

beads in these products.

We now use alternative exfoliating ingredients, such as apricot kernels, cornmeal, ground pumice, silica and

walnut shells giving consumers confidence that using a Unilever face or body wash is not contributing to the

accumulation of micro­plastics in the world’s oceans.

 Find out more about microplastics (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/Microplastics.html)

Minimising pesticide use

To reach our goal of using only sustainably grown raw materials, we minimise use of pesticides.

Our priority is to provide safe products that meet consumer preferences. Pesticides can help defend against

harmful insects, weeds and diseases but we recognise concerns about their potential effects. In line with our

Sustainable Agriculture Code, we limit the use of pesticides via integrated pest management (IPM). IPM uses a

range of different ways to control pests, including mechanical, physical, biological and cultural methods.

We also work with independent certification agencies for sustainable agricultural practices, such as the

Rainforest Alliance, Fair Trade and the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil. These always require curbs on

pesticides. We also monitor pesticide residues in the raw materials we buy and work with suppliers to ensure

they meet regulations. For more details about how we use pesticides when growing tea and tomatoes, see:

 Unilever Global Guidelines on Use of Pesticides in Sustainable Tea Sourcing (PDF | 482KB)

(/Images/unilever_guidelines_on_use_of_pesticides_in_sustainable_tea_sourcing_2014_tcm244­

424148_en.pdf)

 Sustainable tomatoes (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/2004­sustainable­tomatoes­good­agricultural­practice­

guidelines_tcm244­424300_en.pdf)

 Find our more about our approach to sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/)

Nutrient profiling

We are leaders in ‘nutrient profiling’ – that is, evaluating the nutritional content of food and drink.

Understanding the nutrient levels in our products is vital for our business. Consumers rely on pack labels to

help them make healthy choices and we need to know nutrient levels to assist with product reformulation and

for marketing and advertising our products. There is no global standard for agreeing nutrient profiles. Different

schemes are being set up around the world.

In 2003, we developed our own global principles on nutrient profiling – aiming to make sure that what we do is

based on sound science. As part of these principles, we seek to reflect international guidelines, while taking

into account how people eat around the world. We aim to encourage innovation and food reformulation but

focus on the key nutrients of concern in our products such as sugar, salt, and saturated and trans fats.

 Download the Nutrient Profiling Position Statement (PDF | 314KB) (/Images/unilevers­position­on­nutrient­

profiling_tcm244­423159_en.pdf)

 Find out more about nutrient profiling (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/reducing­our­environmental­impact­in­foods­and­refreshment/)

Nutrition labelling

Providing clear nutrition labelling is vital in the fight against obesity and other dietary­related chronic diseases.

That is why we have developed a clear and global approach to nutrition labelling and we are transparent about

the nutritional composition of our products, enabling consumers to make better informed choices about the

food they eat.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, Unilever is committed to providing details about the ‘Big 8’

nutrients (energy, protein, carbohydrates, sugars, fat, saturated fat, fibre, sodium or salt, and nutrients for

which a claim is made) on the back of most packs – along with an energy icon on the front. Our products in

Europe and the US carry full nutritional information and we are committed to extend this to all our products

globally. In many countries, our labelling exceeds legal requirements. We also publish nutritional details via

websites and consumer care lines.

 Unilever's position on nutrition and health claims (PDF | 243KB) (PDF | 87KB) (/Images/unilever­position­

nutrition­health­claims_tcm244­508774_en.pdf)

 Find out more about nutrition labelling (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/informed­choices/nutrition­labelling/)

Packaging and the circular economy

We are working to improve the resource efficiency of packaging.

Packaging helps keep products fresh and safe but when it ends up in landfill, it is a lost resource and can

create environmental challenges. That’s why we’ve set targets to reduce the environmental impact of our

packaging, as part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan. We aim to reduce the weight of packaging, make it

more recyclable, and use more recycled materials.

In some countries, we may support ‘extended producer responsibility’ (EPR) schemes, where we share

packaging waste management costs. That said, we think there’s no ‘one size fits all’ model. In other countries,

we support efforts to promote recycling. In the emerging markets, where we now sell half our products, some

people make a living collecting waste from rubbish dumps. We support schemes that help these workers

become part of a safe, formal recycling system.

 Download the Packaging and the Circular Economy Position Statement (PDF | 310KB) (/Images/packaging­

and­the­circular­economy­position­statement_tcm244­423161_en.pdf)

 Find out more about packaging and the circular economy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­

impact/waste­and­packaging/rethinking­plastic­packaging/)

Palm oil

We are leading efforts to transform the palm oil industry – helping to eliminate deforestation and fight climate

change.

As one of the world’s largest buyers of palm oil our scale is both a challenge and an opportunity. We use the

ingredient in products such as ice cream, soap and shampoo. Palm oil production is historically linked with

tropical deforestation so we work hard to transform the industry in a way that allows palm oil production to

continue while protecting the forests and the livelihoods of those who depend on its production.

That’s why we believe governments, NGOs and business must work together to ensure the palm oil industry

finds the right balance between economic, social and environmental objectives, and why we have helped lead

efforts to change the way the industry works. We will continue to work with our stakeholders to eliminate

deforestation, protect peat lands, and drive positive impacts for people and local communities.

 Download the Palm Oil Position Statement (PDF | 167KB) (/Images/unilever­palm­oil­policy­2016_tcm244­

479933_en.pdf)

 Find out more about palm oil (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/transforming­the­palm­oil­industry/)

Product safety and quality

Our products are designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended use.

Unilever’s Code of Business Principles sets out our commitment to provide products and services that are safe

and to innovate based on sound science. We have mandatory policies and standards in place to ensure that

we meet this commitment. Safety and quality are an important and integral part of our product design.

Our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre works with teams across Unilever to assess the safety and

environmental sustainability of our products and manufacturing processes. We use internationally recognised

external certification standards across our entire supply chain to ensure our management and control

processes are robust. We monitor and track consumer and customer feedback to proactively address potential

product quality or safety issues. Such instances are investigated fully to establish the root cause, with

learnings shared globally to prevent recurrence.

 Find out more about product safety and quality (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/product­safety­and­

quality.html)

Research with stem cells

We never use embryonic stem cells and all our stem cell research meets the highest ethical and regulatory

standards.

Stem cells are indefinitely self­renewing and able to differentiate into many different types of cells. Stem cell

technology has the potential to offer treatments for conditions such as leukaemia and tissue damage, as well

as offering health and beauty benefits. Stem cells are also important research tools used to model aspects of

human biology.

We want to develop personal care products that bring real health and beauty benefits to our consumers, and

work in partnership with leading scientific experts to investigate the potential applications of stem cell

technology. We support research with adult human stem cells and plant stem cells only, never stem cells taken

from embryos. All our research is conducted responsibly, and in full compliance with the highest safety, ethical,

legal and regulatory standards.

 Download the Research with Stem Cells Position Statement (PDF | 467KB) (/Images/research­with­stem­

cells­position­statement_tcm244­423163_en.pdf)

 Find out more about research with stem cells (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/research­with­stem­

cells.html)

Salt reduction

To help people eat healthily, we are significantly reducing the amount of salt in our products.

A diet containing excess salt (sodium) can lead to raised blood pressure, increasing the risk of heart disease

and stroke. The World Health Organization recommends adults limit their daily salt intake to 5g. We believe we

have a responsibility to offer healthy eating choices, and by the end of 2010 had met our target of decreasing

salt levels to enable daily intakes of 6g.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we are cutting levels still further, by enhancing taste with other,

healthier ingredients such as herbs and spices, and by using salt substitutes such as potassium salt. As a

result, in 2017, 63% of our Foods portfolio already have salt levels that enable a daily intake of 5g. In the near

future, we plan to reduce salt levels in even more of our products.

 Download the Salt Reduction Position Statement (PDF | 241KB) (/Images/salt­reduction­position­

statement_tcm244­414411_1_en.pdf)

 Find out more about salt reduction (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/more­taste­less­salt/)

Saturated fats reduction

We are significantly reducing the amount of saturated fats in our products, and increasing the amount of

healthy unsaturated fats.

Unsaturated fats, found in nuts, seeds, fish and vegetable oil­based spreads, are good for us, but too much

saturated fat – found mostly in dairy and meat products – is a risk factor for heart disease. We believe we have

a responsibility to offer healthy eating choices to our consumers.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we are committed to reducing saturated fats as much as

possible and increasing levels of good unsaturated fats, without compromising on taste and quality.

 Download the Saturated fats reduction position statement (PDF | 369KB) (/Images/saturated­fats­position­

statement_tcm244­423166_en.pdf)

 Find out more about fats (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­nutrition/health­

and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/good­fats­and­oils­from­plants/)

Science with integrity

Robust and high­quality science is key to understanding how Unilever’s products can benefit consumers and

make a positive impact on both society and the environment.

Investing in science with objectivity and integrity is important to build our knowledge and understanding of how

food, nutrition, home and beauty & personal care products can benefit public health & well­being and improve

the environmental, social and economic impact of our products.

The world of scientific research is collaborative and we increasingly work with external partners, often in multi­

stakeholder partnerships. We are committed to transparency with our collaborations and research findings.

Whether conducting research internally or externally, we always adhere to robust standards and hold our R&D

leaders accountable for ensuring these are applied.

These science standards form a key foundation to Unilever’s approach to Responsible Innovation and are

intrinsically linked to Unilever’s business values.

 Find out more about science with objectivity and integrity (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/science­

with­objectivity­and­integrity.html)

Sugar reduction

We’re cutting the level of sugar in many products, to help towards improving consumers’ health.

Many people enjoy the sweet taste that sugar brings. It also gives texture, structure, flavour and colour to

many products, as well as helping to preserve them. However, health authorities recommend people limit their

sugar consumption to reduce the risk of excessive energy intake, as this can lead to obesity, which is a risk

factor for heart disease and diabetes.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan therefore includes firm sugar and calorie reduction targets in products

ranging from our ready­to­drink teas to our ice creams. We focus on beverages and ice creams because that is

where we can have the biggest impact and so make the greatest contribution to public health. Of course, our

products need to meet consumers’ acceptance for sweetness. That’s why, in many products, we use approved

low­calorie sweeteners to fully or partially replace sugar.

 Download the Sugar Reduction Position Statement (PDF | 424KB) (/Images/unilever­position­on­sugar­

reduction_tcm244­423167_en.pdf)

 Find out more about sugar reduction (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/less­sugar­fewer­calories/)

Sustainable sourcing

We believe sustainable farming is the best way forward to meet the world’s demand for food.

The global population is growing fast; so fast, in fact, that by 2030 as much as 50% more food will need to be

produced. Yet climate change, water shortages and biofuel demands are all putting pressure on food

resources. That’s why we’re working with our supply chain partners to promote sustainable farming.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we aim to source all our agricultural materials sustainably,

without increasing costs to the consumer. We are focusing first on our main crops, such as palm oil, tea, soy

and sugar. We plan to put a stop to deforestation, to help fight climate change, which is damaging to farming

communities. At the same time, we aim to champion smallholder farmers – to help produce enough food and

lift people out of poverty.

 Download the Sustainable Sourcing Position Statement (PDF | 420KB) (/Images/unilevers­position­on­

sustainable­sourcing_tcm244­423168_en.pdf)

 Find out more about sustainable sourcing (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­

sourcing/)

Tackling obesity

As one of the world’s largest food producers, we are committed to playing a part in helping to tackle obesity.

More than 1.9 billion adults – 39% of the global population – are overweight and 13% are obese. This obesity

epidemic must be addressed.  There is no one solution but evidence shows that solutions need to be holistic

and take a multi­stakeholder approach with governments, NGOs, civil society and business working together to

deliver a robust programme of interventions at country level.

We have a multi­faceted approach based on: reformulating our products, by reducing levels of sugar and

calories in certain products; providing clear nutrition labelling, so that consumers can make informed food

choices; offering lower and zero calorie choices to consumers and encouraging them to eat and live healthily;

responsible marketing for all ages but especially towards children, and encouraging the wider food industry to

establish global best practice.

 Download the Tackling Obesity Position Statement (PDF | 498KB) (/Images/tackling­obesity­position­

statement­update­nov­2015_tcm244­423169_en.pdf)

 Find out more about tackling obesity (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/nutritious­cooking/)

Tax

The tax we pay plays a key part in our wider economic impact and in developing the countries where we

operate.

We are supportive of international tax reform and believe public trust in national tax systems is essential. We

have published a set of global tax principles covering such issues as transfer pricing, use of tax havens and

relationships with tax authorities that represent good corporate practice in the area of tax management and

transparency. They also balance the interests of our various stakeholders, including consumers, investors and

the governments and communities in the countries in which we operate.

Our commercial activity generates considerable tax income for the governments in countries in which we

operate. In 2016, we paid €2.3 billion in corporation taxes. In addition, we pay and collect numerous other

taxes, such as employee taxes, sales taxes, and customs duties.

 Find out more about tax (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/tax.html)

Trans fats reduction

To help promote heart health, we are removing trans fats from our products.

There are two kinds of trans fats: one type occurs naturally in butter, cheese and some meat, and the other is

created during food production when vegetable oils are ‘partially hydrogenated’ to turn them into solid fats.

Both kinds adversely affect blood cholesterol.

The World Health Organization says consumers should limit their levels of trans fats, and manufacturers

should not use them in foods. We have been reducing our use of trans fats from partially hydrogenated

vegetable oils (PHVO) for 20 years. In 2010, as part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we committed to

stop using them. By September 2012, 100% of our Foods and Refreshment portfolio by volume did not contain

trans fats originating from PHVO. We support health initiatives to reduce intake of trans fats.

 Download the Trans Fats Reduction Position Statement (PDF | 800KB) (/Images/tfa­position­october­

2016_tcm244­423170_en.pdf)

 Find out more about trans fats reduction (/sustainable­living/improving­health­and­well­being/improving­

nutrition/health­and­well­being­in­our­kitchen/good­fats­and­oils­from­plants/)

Wipes

Wipes offer a quick, effective and convenient cleaning solution for our consumers. There are lots of different

types available ­ from face cleansing wipes to kitchen surface or bathroom cleaning wipes.

 Find out more about wipes (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/wipes.html)

Advertising & marketing
Advertising helps inform people about the benefits of our products and innovations. It is also a way for

us to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

Communicating with consumers
We have four clearly defined principles that guide our communications

with consumers:

We are committed to building trust through responsible practices

and through transparent communication – both directly to

consumers and indirectly through other key stakeholders and

thought­leaders.

It is our responsibility to ensure that our products are safe and that

we provide clear information on their use and any risks that are

associated with their use.

We fully support a consumer's right to know what is in our products

and will be transparent in terms of ingredients, nutrition values and

the health and beauty properties of our products.

We will use a combination of channels, which includes product

labels, websites, careline phone numbers and/or consumer leaflets

to communicate openly with our consumers.

Responsible marketing and advertising

We are committed to responsible marketing and advertising. As a

leading global consumer goods company, we promote the benefits of

our products using many different channels of brand communication.

Marketing and advertising can be a powerful force for behaviour

change. They help inform people about the benefits of our products

and innovations. It is also a way for us to engage with consumers on

issues that matter to them. For example:

Related links



Responsible labelling &
Marketing (/sustainable­
living/improving­health­and­
well­being/improving­
nutrition/reducing­our­
environmental­impact­in­foods­
and­refreshment/)

Downloads



Unilever Global Principles for
Responsible Food & Beverage
Marketing (July 2017)
PDF | 461KB
(/Images/unilevers­principles­
on­responsible­food­and­
beverage­marketing­july­
2017_tcm244­424772_en.pdf)

Dove's Campaign for Real Beauty challenges current stereotypes

about beauty.

Omo/Persil's 'Dirt is good' campaign promotes getting dirty as a

natural and positive part of growing up for children – all part of their

learning and development.



Advertising & Marketing
Communication Practice ­
Consolidated ICC Code
(August 2011) (PDF | 600KB)
(https://cdn.iccwbo.org/content/upload
Consolidated­Code­of­

With less saturated fat than butter, Flora/Becel helps people look

after themselves by offering healthy, nutritious, and great tasting

Advertising­and­Marketing­
2011­English.pdf)

products that can be enjoyed at any meal time.

Comfort One Rinse’s campaign explains to consumers that they

only need one bucket of water for rinsing their clothes rather than

External link

three, helping them to save water.

At the same time, we recognise the influence of marketing and

advertising on consumers and take our responsibilities seriously. We

apply the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) code ‘Advertising

and Marketing Communication Practice’ as the basis for all our

communications. The ICC code stipulates that all marketing and

advertising must pass the baseline test of being 'legal, decent, honest

and truthful’ and that we must ensure that all the claims we make have

a sound scientific basis.



International Food & Beverage
(IFBA) Alliance on Responsible
Marketing & Advertising to
Children
(https://ifballiance.org/commitments/r
marketing­to­children#)



EU Pledge (http://www.eu­
pledge.eu/)

Brand and Marketing Investment (2005 - 2016)

8800

8000

7200

6400

5600

4800

4000

3200

2400

1600

800

n
o

i
l
l
i

M
€

Key

2
0
0
5

2
0
0
6

2
0
0
7

2
0
0
8

2
0
0
9

2
0
1
0

2
0
1
2

2
0
1
3

2
0
1
4

2
0
1
5

2
0
1
6

2
0
1
7

2
0
1
1

Year

Advertising and promotion investment

Brand and Marketing investment *

International self-regulatory codes

We support the development of international self­regulatory codes for all marketing and advertising and apply these

across our business.

 
 
Working through our industry trade bodies, such as the World Federation of Advertisers and the International

Chamber of Commerce, we have supported the development of general principles in this area and their integration

into advertising and marketing self­regulatory codes and systems around the world.

Unilever’s global Principles for Responsible Food and Beverage Marketing

In 2003, we were one of the first companies to apply our own principles to the marketing and advertising of all our

food and beverage products. These global Food and Beverage Marketing Principles were rolled out by our Marketing

Lawyers Network, our global network of marketing legal experts, in collaboration with our marketing teams. The

Principles have been reviewed regularly since 2003 and updates published, the latest being in July 2017.

The Principles require, for example, that our marketing messages are appropriate in the light of obesity issues (such

as avoiding the depiction of over­sized portions) and that our marketing materials exclude anything that undermines

the promotion of healthy, balanced diets and healthy, active lifestyles, or misrepresents snacks as meals. The

Principles are applicable to ALL of Unilever’s food and beverage marketing activities and communications globally.

See Unilever's Global Principles for Responsible Food and Beverage Marketing in Downloads.

Marketing foods & beverages to children

The Principles also contain additional requirements for marketing foods and beverages directed at children. They

require that our marketing practices:

do not convey misleading messages

do not undermine parental influence

do not encourage 'pester power'

do not suggest a time/sense of urgency or a price minimisation pressure

do not exploit a child’s imagination or inexperience

do not encourage unhealthy dietary habits

do not blur the boundary between programme or editorial content and commercial promotion.

We have committed to voluntarily restrict all marketing communications directed primarily at children under the age of

six years. We applied this measure because of increasing evidence showing that children below six do not have the

cognitive ability to distinguish between advertising/marketing and programming.

For children under 12 years of age, research has also established a causal relationship between marketing and

advertising and their purchasing behaviour and short­term consumption. For children aged 12 and over, this

relationship is much less clear.

For this reason, starting 1 January 2018, we restricted marketing and advertising to children from the ages of six to

under 12 for all products except those that meet  Unilever’s Highest Nutritional Standards (PDF | 149KB)

(/Images/hns­external­2018_tcm244­510083_en.pdf), and, where applicable, nutrition criteria of locally agreed

pledges (i.e. EU Pledge) or any binding criteria set by public authorities. Where differences in criteria exist, Unilever

will apply the strictest criteria.

This is applicable to all forms or marketing and advertising, which include but are not limited to: packaging and

labelling, television and radio advertising, consumer promotions, in­store activities, PR materials, online activity

(including both company­owned websites and third party websites), all forms of social media and digital advertising,

apps, online games and direct marketing; and all other forms of communication (e.g. cartoon characters, product

placements, advergaming, free gifts/toys, etc.)

This commitment applies all forms of marketing communication, where 35% or more of the audience is under the age

of 12. This age limit is in line with the definition of a child in the majority of advertising standards in EU member

states.

Our principles also include that we only use cartoon characters and celebrities on and in association with products

that meet Unilever’s Highest Nutritional Standards.

We do not engage in the promotion of brands or products in primary schools. Where specifically requested by, or

agreed with the relevant health or education body and the school administration, Unilever may participate in

campaigns for educational purposes with branding levels agreed with the education body to ensure transparency.

This will only apply to brands and products which fulfil our Highest Nutritional Standards.

Voluntary industry initiatives on responsible marketing ('pledge programmes')

In addition to our Global Principles work, since 2008 Unilever has played a major role in promoting industry­wide

voluntary initiatives to advocate responsible marketing of foods and beverages to children below 12 years of age.

These initiatives, called 'Pledge Programmes', have now been launched in many countries and regions across the

world. As of July 2017, 24 Pledge Programmes have been implemented globally, namely Australia; Belgium; Brazil;

Canada; Columbia; the EU; Gulf States; Hungary; India; Malaysia; Mexico; New Zealand; Peru; Poland; the

Philippines; Portugal; Romania; Russia; Singapore; South Africa; Switzerland; Thailand; Turkey; and the United

States.

In 2008, with other member companies of the International Food and Beverage Alliance (IFBA), we committed to the

World Health Organization (WHO) that third­party auditors would monitor the IFBA members’ marketing and

advertising principles. See Downloads for the IFBA Monitoring Report.

Promoting healthy body images

There is much debate around the fashion and marketing industries' portrayal of unrealistic images of beauty through

media and advertising. Unilever brands are free to choose the type of model and actor that fits best with the image of

the brand. However, they are always bound by Unilever’s standards on healthy body images.

In 2007, we adopted a global guideline to prevent the use of 'size zero' models or actors in our advertising to ensure

that our advertising does not promote 'unhealthy' slimness. All brand directors and agencies are expected to use

models and actors with a Body Mass Index (BMI) of between 18.5 and 25 as a guideline. This is in line with the World

Health Organization’s guidance on what level of BMI can be considered healthy.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Unilever’s position on biotechnology
As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), we are committed to helping one billion people

improve their health and hygiene, halving the environmental impact of our products and sourcing

100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Unilever believes that Biotechnology offers important opportunities to help us meet our USLP commitments both in

sustainable sourcing of ingredients and the development of innovative products.

Biotechnology can be described as the application of biological systems to develop ingredients and products.

Humankind has used biotechnology in agriculture, food production, and medicine. Biotechnology has applications in

four major industrial areas, including health care (medical), crop production and agriculture, non­food (industrial) uses

(e.g. biodegradable plastics, vegetable oils, biofuels), and environmental uses.

Biotechnology has a history of use to modify crops for agriculture. For our position on use of GMOs and genetically

modified crops, our communication can be accessed here (/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/genetically­

modified­crops.html).

Below we outline our position on Biotechnology with respect to production of new ingredients and products in a

contained and controlled process through fermentation.

Context
Biotechnology is becoming increasingly applied and explored as a production route to sustainably produce

ingredients at scale.

The biotechnology techniques – combined with traditional fermentation processes, such as that used to make bread

and cheese – are now widely used to create everyday materials and products, ranging from pharmaceuticals and

skin cleansers to enzymes. As these biotechnology approaches become increasingly commonplace, it is possible to

produce a diverse range of more sustainable, functional and cost effective ingredients to benefit consumers.

Traditional genetic modification can be used in biotechnology to make ingredients at scale and the resulting products

are free of any GMO. This is a well­established process and the materials that result from this activity can be referred

to as ‘biotechnology derived ingredients’. These ingredients are free of any genetically modified organisms (GMO).

Unilever's position
As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), we are committed to helping one billion people improve their

health and hygiene, halving the environmental impact of our products and sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw

materials sustainably.

Unilever believes that biotechnology can play an important role in product innovation by making products more

effective when they are used ­ benefitting the consumer, the environment, and helping us meet our USLP

commitments. Such benefits can be seen, for example, in the enzyme containing products that can improve cleaning

performance across different water qualities and temperatures in homecare, through to personal care delivering

better hygiene and provide improved health benefits.

Biotechnology has historically been used in agriculture, food production, and medicine. It has applications in four

major industrial areas, including health care (medical), crop production and agriculture, non­food (industrial) uses

(e.g. biodegradable plastics, vegetable oils, biofuels), and environmental uses.

Biotechnology also has a history of use in modifying crops for agriculture. See  Genetically Modified Crops

(https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/what­matters­to­you/genetically­modified­crops.html) for Unilever’s

position on Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs).

Commitment to safety
We are already safely using biotechnology derived ingredients. For decades, biotechnology produced enzymes have

been applied in our Homecare business. More recently, we started developing algal oils for Beauty & Personal Care

soap bar products and future innovations using biotechnology derived ingredients are being explored.

Our priority is to provide products that are safe and which meet our own strict safety standards and the regulatory

requirements of the countries in which they are marketed. The decision to use new technologies in our products will

always be taken on the basis of comprehensive safety and environmental evaluations and risk assessments carried

out by our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC). See  Safety and environmental science

(https://www.unilever.com/about/innovation/safety­and­environment/index.html) for more information.

Unilever only use biotechnology­derived ingredients and processes if they meet the latest scientific and technological

standards for safety and environmental stewardship. This applies to all our biotechnology supplier partnerships. We

use controlled and contained production methods for all biotechnology­derived ingredients: this means that after

fermentation no active ingredients are released into waste streams.

At Unilever, we actively apply and support a robust regulatory framework for our operations and for our suppliers.

Our approach to biotechnology reflects the way we use science and innovation responsibly to drive sustainable living.

Commitment to sustainability
In our application of biotechnology, we aim to use sustainably sourced materials as feedstock for production of the

ingredients and apply methods, which have a superior life cycle assessment, LCA. See  Lifecycle assessments

(https://www.unilever.com/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/lifecycle­assessments/index.html) for

more information.

Unilever remains firmly committed to improving the lives of smallholder farmers. There is no conflict in our

commitment to smallholder farmers and our support for biotechnology. We assess the risks and challenges to

smallholder farmers on a case­by­case basis. In doing so, we take into consideration the competition for land use to

generate food versus the land use for chemicals and assess the pressures on supply and demand.

We turn to waste streams from agriculture, industry and society as a means to support biotechnology. In addition,

efforts are made to ensure alternative sourcing of ingredients through biotechnology that does not disadvantage

smallholder farmer practices that may make similar ingredients in markets today.

Stakeholder engagement

Unilever works with biotechnology industry partners such as Novozymes and the wider chemical industry in bringing

new opportunities for materials to use in consumer products. Our partners use established and proven biotechnology

methods in a controlled and contained environment.

We are open, transparent and committed to engaging with stakeholders to promote the responsible development of

new biotechnology approaches for our products. We comply with regulatory requirements on disclosure and provide

information to our consumers about our processes in a way that is meaningful and enables them to make informed

choices.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Conflict minerals
We aim to not use conflict minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining

countries that have been mined in support of armed conflict in any products. Our suppliers may

continue to source minerals from this region so long as they are sourced from mines or smelters that

are verified as conflict­free. We are committed to conducting ongoing due diligence and setting clear

expectations from our suppliers.

Conflict minerals disclosure
Unilever and other public companies listed in the US are required to

disclose information about products they manufacture that may contain

conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of the

Congo or adjoining countries.

Copies of such disclosures on Form SD, filed with the United States

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), are available to read in

the Downloads.

Downloads





Form SD 2017 ­ Unilever PLC
PDF | 250KB
(/Images/form­sd­­­conflict­
minerals­2017­­plc­_tcm244­
522775_1_en.pdf)

Form SD 2017 ­ Unilever NV
PDF | 175KB
(/Images/form­sd­­­conflict­
minerals­2017­­nv­_tcm244­
522774_1_en.pdf)

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

share an interest in a sustainable future.

CONTACT US

Developing alternative approaches to animal testing
We use a wide range of non­animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers.

We are committed to ending animal testing. Our leading­edge research has one clear purpose: to

continue to develop new non­animal approaches that can guarantee that our products are safe,

without any need for animal testing.

Our commitment & progress
Our commitment to ending animal testing is under­pinned by our work

since the 1980s in developing and using alternatives to animal tests for

assessing safety, e.g. computer­based modelling and cell­based ‘in

vitro’ methods. Unilever’s framework for safety assessment is risk­

based rather than hazard­based. This enables us to use a wide range

of non­animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for

consumers. We review all of the available data, including how

consumers use the product and safety information on the ingredients it

contains.

We are making good progress in developing next generation (non­

animal) risk assessment approaches for assessing new ingredients. To

encourage acceptance of these new approaches we continue to

present and publish our results externally, and are working with

international research and policy groups to share our experience. We

share our scientific research on a dedicated  Safety Science in the

21st Century (http://tt21c.org/) website.

In 2017 the risk­based non­animal approaches we developed for

assessing consumer safety were discussed with leading scientists,

policy­makers, regulators and animal welfare organisations at key

meetings in the EU, US and China. Unilever scientists were major

contributors at the 10th World Congress on Alternatives, where we

shared progress on our next generation non­animal safety science,

including a collaborative research programme with US Environmental

Protection Agency (EPA) scientists to advance in vitro and in silico

approaches for chemical risk assessment.

Unilever experts continue to play an active role in China in training

programmes on non­animal safety assessment approaches, such as

those involving the China Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and

Shanghai FDA.

External links



European Centre for the
Validation of Alternative
Methods (ECVAM) (http://eurl­
ecvam.jrc.ec.europa.eu/)



European Partnership for
Alternative Approaches to
animal testing (EPAA)
(http://ec.europa.eu/growth/sectors/ch



EU Commission Horizon 2020
project (EU­ToxRisk)
(http://www.eu­toxrisk.eu/)



Human Toxicology Project
Consortium
(http://humantoxicologyproject.org/)



OECD Adverse Outcome
Pathways
(http://www.oecd.org/chemicalsafety/t
outcome­pathways­molecular­
screening­and­
toxicogenomics.htm)

Our position
We do not test our products on animals and are committed to ending

animal testing. Unilever has complied with the EU animal testing bans

for cosmetics since 2004 and supports calls for similar bans to be

introduced globally.

Occasionally, across our portfolio, some of the ingredients we use

have to be tested by our suppliers to comply with legal and regulatory

requirements in some markets; and some governments test certain

products on animals as part of their regulations.

As part of our commitment to ending animal testing, we have a growing

number of brands that ensure that neither their products – nor the

ingredients they use – are subject to animal testing by suppliers or by

regulatory authorities. These brands’ commitment to no animal testing

is certified by animal welfare groups.

We use a wide range of non­animal approaches to assess the safety of

our products for consumers and continue to develop new ‘next

generation’ approaches. Our team of internationally recognised leaders

in non­animal safety science work with regulatory authorities, NGOs,



Safety Science in the 21st
Century (http://tt21c.org/)



US National Research
Council's report 'Toxicity
Testing in the 21st Century: A
Vision and a Strategy'
(http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?
record_id=11970)

Downloads



Animal Testing Position
Statement
PDF | 387KB
(/Images/animal­testing­
position­statement_tcm244­
526667_en.pdf)

our suppliers and other scientists across the world to share these approaches, to promote their broader use and

acceptance by authorities. Our leading­edge research has one clear purpose: to continue to develop new non­animal

approaches that can guarantee that our products are safe, without any need for animal testing.

Unilever's research focus
For over 30 years, scientists at our Safety & Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC) have played a leading role, in

partnership with academic researchers, other companies, industry groups and government bodies, in the

development, validation and subsequent regulatory acceptance of several non­animal methods for use in safety

assessments. These include methods for assessing skin penetration, phototoxicity, skin corrosion and skin irritation.

We have published more than 450 scientific articles on the development and application of alternative non­animal

approaches, and regularly present our research at scientific conferences.

In the past 30 years, we have invested about 1 million hours of Unilever experts’ time, and more than 100 million

Euros, in research into non­animal approaches for assessing consumer safety. Our current research focuses on

developing next generation (non­animal) safety risk assessment approaches, incorporating computational toxicology

models, for assessing the potential for chemicals to cause skin allergy and adverse effects following systemic

exposure. During 2017, SEAC’s research on risk assessment approaches for assuring consumer safety without

animal testing resulted in the publication of 10 scientific papers.

Partnerships
SEAC scientists are working with over 50 partners across the world on non­animal approaches to safety assessment,

building the capability needed to implement the strategic framework proposed in the US National Research Council’s

report ‘Toxicity Testing in the Twenty­First Century: A Vision and a Strategy’. To progress these next generation

approaches, Unilever is actively involved in relevant  OECD (http://www.oecd.org/env/ehs/testing/adverse­

outcome­pathways­molecular­screening­and­toxicogenomics.htm) and other global activities, such as those on

applying the adverse outcome pathway framework for assessing chemical safety.

Unilever’s safety scientists are playing a leading role in an EU Horizon 2020 research & innovation programme,

 EU­ToxRisk (http://www.eu­toxrisk.eu/), to help drive the required paradigm shift in toxicological testing to non­

animal, mechanism­based, chemical safety assessment.

Unilever was a founding member of the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to animal testing (EPAA), a

voluntary collaboration between the European Commission, trade associations and companies from seven industry

sectors. It promotes the development and implementation of alternative methods for safety testing. Unilever scientists

are also involved in research on alternatives to animal testing conducted under the auspices of Cosmetics Europe

(the European cosmetics trade association).

Over the past two years, one of Unilever’s science leaders has co­chaired the joint regulators & industry working

group of the International Cooperation on Cosmetics Regulation (ICCR) on integrated strategies for safety

assessments of cosmetic ingredients. In their  2017 report (PDF| 700KB) (http://www.iccr­

cosmetics.org/files/4715/0824/0761/ICCR­

11_JWG_Integrated_Strategies_Integrated_Strategies_for_Safety_Assessments_of_Cosmetic_Ingredients_­

_Part_I.pdf), the expert group outlines the principles that underpin the integration of novel (non­animal) methods and

data in an exposure­led approach for the safety assessment of cosmetics ingredients.

In 2018 we announced a multi­year strategic partnership with Humane Society International (HSI), the global animal

protection organisation. The partnership’s aims are twofold: to develop capability across companies and regulatory

authorities so safety decisions for cosmetics are based on non­animal approaches; and to build capability for the

long­term by investing in the training of our future safety scientists in non­animal ‘next generation’ risk assessments.

Information about our research strategy and partners is available on our  Safety Science in the 21st Century

(http://tt21c.org/) website.

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Farm animal welfare
Animal welfare is an issue of frequent concern appearing on the agendas of consumers and NGOs as well as in government regulations.

Background
A number of our products include ingredients that come from farm animals, such as eggs in

mayonnaise, dairy products in ice cream and meat in bouillons and soups. Farm animal welfare

has been one of Unilever’s core sustainable agriculture indicators for many years and is part of

our  Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/sustainable­agriculture­code­­

sac­­­2017_tcm244­515371_1_en.pdf) launched in 2010 and updated in 2017.

The approach taken towards monitoring and improving animal welfare is based on the five

'freedoms':

freedom from thirst, hunger and malnutrition

freedom from discomfort

freedom from pain, injury and disease

freedom to express normal behaviour

freedom from fear and distress.

Related links



Sustainable Sourcing (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/)

Unilever is not a leading buyer of animal­derived ingredients and our approach requires

successful implementation by our supply chain partners. Based on the volumes we purchase,

our major focus has been on sourcing cage­free eggs and on our dairy supply chain, where we

have made significant progress in partnerships with suppliers.



Sustainable Dairy (/sustainable­
living/reducing­environmental­
impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­approach­
to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­dairy/)

In 2017, 61% of our global egg supply was cage­free and 74% of our dairy ingredients were from



sustainable sources.

Sourcing of cage-free eggs
Unilever was one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to start providing cage­

free eggs for our products. In Western Europe, our Hellmann’s, Amora and Calvé brands have

used 100% cage­free eggs since 2009.

We are making significant progress in our commitment to convert 100% of our egg supply to

cage­free eggs by 2025. In 2017, 61% of our global egg supply was cage­free. Through our

supply partners, we have created additional capacity to source cage­free eggs, and we have set

a goal of completing this conversion by 2020 for Europe and North America. For other regions

we will engage in industry initiatives to support the transition to cage­free egg production with

expected conversion in the timescale of 2020 to 2025.

We are aware of the concerns about the practice whereby breeders of egg­laying hens eliminate

male chicks, following methods that are included in EU Directives and American Veterinary

Medical Association guidelines. While this is standard practice in egg production, and although

Unilever uses only a small percentage of eggs produced in the market, we take these concerns

seriously.

Compassion in World Farming special
recognition Knorr
12/06/2015
(/news/news­and­features/Feature­
article/2015/knorr­commended­for­its­
commitment­to­advancing­animal­welfare­
globally.html)



Breyers® brand commitment to only sourcing
milk and cream from cows not treated with
artificial growth hormones
(https://www.unileverusa.com/news/press­
releases/2015/breyers­now­only­sourcing­
milk­cream­from­cows.html)



Caring Dairy Programme – End Tail Docking
(http://www.benjerry.com/whats­
new/2015/caring­dairy­end­tail­docking)



Caring Dairy latest updates
(https://www.benjerry.com/caringdairy)

We are closely involved in the development of alternative options to current practice and are

Downloads

committed to providing support to the market introduction of these technologies once available to

our suppliers. Therefore, we welcomed the June 2016 announcement from the United Egg

Producers in the US that they are aiming to eliminate the culling of male chicks by 2020, through

the introduction of in­ovo sexing of eggs, allowing gender identification before hatching.

Welfare of dairy cows
Our ambition, as set out in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, is to purchase all our dairy

ingredients from sustainable sources by 2020. This is in accordance with our updated

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC). We are well on our way to achieving this target, with 74%

of our dairy ingredients being from sustainable sources in 2017. You can find out more on our

Sustainable Dairy (/sustainable­living/reducing­environmental­impact/sustainable­sourcing/our­

approach­to­sustainable­sourcing/sustainable­dairy/) page.

Through the SAC, we require producers to work with veterinary experts to develop health plans

to ensure cattle are monitored to prevent or treat any illness and disease. The aim is to protect

cattle from physical discomfort, enable natural behaviour and encourage suppliers to allow cows



Farm Animal Welfare Position Statement
PDF | 338KB
(/Images/unilever­s­position­on­farm­animal­
welfare_­updated­17­august­2015_tcm244­
423150_en.pdf)



Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­agriculture­code­­sac­­
­2017_tcm244­515371_1_en.pdf)



Unilever Livestock ­ Transport & Slaughter
Implementation Guide
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/unilever­livestock­transport­and­
slaughter­implementation­guide_tcm244­
424311_en.pdf)

to graze outside.

In January 2016 we banned tail docking for cows in our Caring Dairy Programme in the US. This

also became a legal requirement in the US in January 2017. In Europe, tail docking is illegal.

Likewise, the artificial growth hormone r­BGH (recombinant Bovine Growth Hormone) is illegal in

Europe. However, in the US r­BGH is still used in the production of milk.



Unilever Sustainable Livestock
Implementation Guide
PDF | 2MB
(/Images/sustainable­livestock­
implementation­guide_tcm244­
424266_en.pdf)

Ben and Jerry’s has been opposed to the use of rBGH since 1989 and all farmers in the Caring



Dairy programme have pledged not to use it. In 2015, our Breyers® brand in the US is also

committed to only sourcing milk and cream from cows not treated with artificial growth

hormones.

Unilever's position on Halal for Foods,
Cosmetics & Home Care products
PDF | 270KB
(/Images/unilever­position­on­halal­for­foods­
july­2016_tcm244­484654_en.pdf)

All farmers in the Caring Dairy programme in Europe need to graze their dairy cows and can

receive additional payments if they graze youngstock and achieve a higher longevity. The Caring

Dairy programme has also developed the Cow Compass programme that monitors animal health and welfare (based upon the EU welfare quality

programme). This programme has been rolled out to all Dutch dairy companies and will be introduced in Germany during 2018. For more detail please see

the  Cow Compass (https://www.zuivelplatform.nl/over­koe­kompas) website (Dutch only).

Knorr: 100% good animal welfare chicken, pork and beef by 2024
Knorr believes in good quality ingredients which are responsibly sourced. They are one of our brands that is driving the animal welfare effort for meat at

Unilever.

We have already made progress by sourcing 99% of our top 13 vegetables and herbs sustainably. In 2015 we committed to getting 100% of the chicken,

pork and beef that we use in Knorr soups, sauces, bouillon cubes and bouillon powder to good animal welfare standards.

In 2015, we were presented with Compassion in World Farming’s first Special Recognition Award (/news/news­and­features/Feature­article/2015/knorr­

commended­for­its­commitment­to­advancing­animal­welfare­globally.html) for our ambition to advance animal welfare practices in our supply chain and

raise standards across the industry. Since then we have been working with the industry, particularly in North America, where we helped to organise a forum

to bring together meat buyers and accelerate change.

More recently, we have decided to join the industry­level group –  The Global Coalition for Animal Welfare (http://www.gc­animalwelfare.org/) – to work

together with others to try to accelerate the transition to higher welfare systems and generate greater supply of higher welfare meat products in the supply

chain.

In 2017 we committed to achieving good animal welfare standards across our chicken, pork and beef everywhere in the world by 2024, and updated the

specific standards we will follow to achieve that for broiler chickens in North America and Europe. As a brand, we buy the largest quantity of chicken, so this

is where we are starting. Knorr are responsible for around 80% of the volume of chicken used by Unilever.

With no global common standard on animal welfare available, and standards varying across species and regions, we have been working with

 Compassion in World Farming (http://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/) – the leading international farm animal welfare charity – since 2015 to

develop global criteria for good animal welfare and a framework to start transforming our supply chain.

Knorr's global commitment to good animal welfare standards

As part of Knorr’s commitment to the ‘five freedoms’, we focus on four elements that apply to farmed animals.

1. Natural light: Animals must have access to natural light.

2. Enrichment: Animals can be raised indoors but must have an enriched environment which lets them express natural behaviour. For chickens, this can

mean they have deep litter which lets them dust­bathe, and objects to perch on.

3. Enough space: For chickens, for example, this means a stocking density of no more than 30kg / m².

4. Healthy animals: Fast growing breeds of chicken can suffer from difficulty walking and poor leg health. We will only use meat from slower growing

breeds of chicken in the US and EU. For other regions, our minimum standard is that suppliers using faster growing breeds must have a leg health plan

in place for their chickens.

We have committed to these standards of animal welfare globally, and the commitment is based on the ‘better’ standard of Compassion in World Farming’s

more detailed welfare matrix for  pigs (PDF | 518KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7425698/welfare­potential­matrix­sows­and­

meat­pigs.pdf),  broiler chickens (PDF | 236KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/6887904/welfare­potential­matrix­broilers.pdf) and

 beef cattle (PDF | 387KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7426680/welfare­potential­matrix­beef­cattle.pdf), which has been

benchmarked and codified by Compassion in World Farming. We will implement our commitment through equivalent local third­party certification schemes,

or where these don’t exist, use third­party auditors to ensure that our suppliers meet the detailed welfare requirements.

We have worked with independent external experts to assess current practices in our supply chain and, with the help of Compassion in World Farming and

other expert consultants, we have started engaging supplier partners on improvements needed to bring consistent and positive change across our supply

chain.

Our regional targets

USA: Knorr and Lipton soups commit to good animal welfare standards for broiler chickens by 2024

For 100% of the chicken we use in the US, we will:

a) Transition to strains of birds accepted for use by Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) or Global Animal Partnership (GAP)

based on measurably improved welfare outcomes.

b) Reduce stocking density to a maximum of 6 lbs./sq. foot and prohibit broiler cages.

c) Provide birds enriched environments including litter, lighting, and enrichment that meets  GAP’s new standards (PDF | 595KB)

(http://gapstaging.blob.core.windows.net/standards/5%E2%80%90Step%C2%AE%20Animal%20Welfare%20Rating%20Standards%20for%20Chickens%20Raised%20fo

d) Process chickens in a manner that avoids pre­stun handling and instead utilises a multi­step controlled atmosphere processing system that induces an

irreversible stun.*

e) Demonstrate compliance with the above standards via third party auditing.

f) In line with our existing global commitment, we will also require that chickens have access to natural light.

In addition, we will meet good animal welfare requirements for pork and beef by 2024, based on the ‘better’ standard of Compassion in World Farming’s

detailed welfare matrix for  pigs (PDF | 518KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7425698/welfare­potential­matrix­sows­and­meat­

pigs.pdf) and  beef cattle (PDF | 387KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7426680/welfare­potential­matrix­beef­cattle.pdf). We will

use recognised certification schemes which ensure good animal welfare standards to ensure compliance.

Europe: Knorr and Unox commit to good animal welfare standards by 2024

By 2024, 100% of the chicken meat used for Knorr and Unox will: 

i. Comply with all EU animal welfare laws and regulations, regardless of country of production

ii. Reduce Stocking Density to 30 kg/m2, no cages or multi­tier systems

iii. Adopt breeds that demonstrate higher welfare outcomes that meet the criteria of the RSPCA Broiler Breed Welfare Assessment Protocol

iv. Provide enrichment that meets the following standards (natural light, perches and pecking substrates)

v. Multi­step or inert gas, Controlled Atmosphere processing system or effective electrical stunning without live inversion*

vi. Demonstrate compliance via third party auditing and annual public reporting.

In addition, we will meet good animal welfare requirements for pork and beef by 2024, based on the ‘better’ standard of Compassion in World Farming’s

detailed welfare matrix for  pigs (PDF | 518KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7425698/welfare­potential­matrix­sows­and­meat­

pigs.pdf) and  beef cattle (PDF | 387KB) (https://www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com/media/7426680/welfare­potential­matrix­beef­cattle.pdf). Where

geographically available, we will use recognised certification schemes which ensure good animal welfare standards to ensure compliance.

We have also co­invested with one of our pork suppliers to pilot a new pigsty design which keeps the temperature right for piglets and reduces their stress.   

*Our  guidelines with regard to Halal products (PDF | 270KB) (/Images/unilever­position­on­halal­for­foods­july­2016_tcm244­484654_en.pdf) include our

commitment to offer Halal products based on market demands. We respect the preference of our Muslim consumers for products meeting Halal

requirements. From an animal welfare perspective Unilever requires stunning to be carried out prior to slaughter, whenever permitted under local

regulations.

We need partners to transform the industry

Traditional meat stock or bouillon has always been made by simmering down meat and bones to bring out rich, flavourful juices. We use a very small part of

the animal to make our stocks and bouillons. To meet higher animal welfare standards for all of the chicken that we use in our products, we need to change

the welfare conditions of 102 million chickens, even though we only buy a tiny proportion of their meat.

Because we have a relatively small influence over the market, we need other companies to join us in requiring the same standards. As previously stated,

Unilever has decided to join with others in the Global Coalition for Animal Welfare.

Since 2011 we have been co­investing with suppliers to support the transition to sustainable agriculture using our Knorr Sustainability Partnership Fund, a 1

million Euro fund to co­invest in projects that promote sustainable sourcing. We are making the fund available to suppliers who need support for projects to

transition to better animal welfare chicken, pork or beef, and we welcome applications from our suppliers –  apply here (PDF | 2MB) (/Images/fund­

proposal_tcm244­409228_en.pdf).

Reporting progress
As part of our commitment to be more transparent about our animal welfare progress we are now publicly reporting our purchase of ingredients from higher

animal welfare systems. All percentages below are based on total global volumes purchased for use in Unilever products for the calendar year shown.

2016 (% global volume)

2017 (% global volume)

Cage free eggs

Sustainable dairy

53%

70%

Animals free from confinement

Animals subject to pre­slaughter stunning

Pork from sow­stall free supply

Milk from non­tethered dairy cows

Dairy cows free from tail docking

61%

74%

16%

33%

94%

1
9.6%

79%

 
 
 
 
 
 
The volume increase of cage free eggs in the Unilever supply base is due to the continued effort in working with our suppliers in the USA and the expansion

of our conversion programme into Latin America.

External recognition
Unilever achieved Tier 2 (Integral to Business Strategy) for the sixth consecutive year in the  'Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare 2017 Report'

(PDF | 9.9MB) (https://www.bbfaw.com/media/1506/bbfaw­report­interactive­amended­21st.pdf). This report was published in January 2018 and is supported

by Compassion in World Farming and World Animal Protection (formerly known as the World Society for the Protection of Animals).

It provides an objective account of the state of farm animal welfare as a business issue. Unilever’s position reflects the fact that farm animal welfare is

integral to our business strategy through commitments made both in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, and as separate brand commitments.

Our efforts in relation to animal welfare have also been recognised with a number of successes at the Good Farm Animal Welfare Awards, organised by

Compassion in World Farming.

In the period 2008­2013, Unilever won 14 awards: 4 Good Egg Awards for Hellman’s in Europe and the US; 2 Good Egg Awards for Ben & Jerry's in Europe

and the US; 2 Good Egg Awards for Unilever Spreads and Dressings; 1 Good Egg Award for Amora; 1 Good Egg Award for Calve; 1 Good Dairy Award for

Ben and Jerry’s; 1 Good Chicken Award and 1 Good Calf Commendation for UNOX (Netherlands); and the European Leader Award for Unilever.

1
 In addition to this a further 15.1% comes from schemes where there are additional requirements for tethered is used, e.g. daily exercise in Caring Dairy US programme, or where the supplier has a

commitment to phase out tethering.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our

in a sustainable future.

headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

      

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

 
Genetically Modified Crops
Here we present Unilever’s position on genetically modified crops.

Background
Genetic modification has been widely used in agriculture for more than

20 years to make food crops more resistant to pests, more tolerant to

herbicides and more resilient against diseases.

Farmers in many countries around the world, including the US, Brazil,

Argentina, Canada, India, China and South Africa, now grow

genetically modified (GM) crops that have been approved by local

authorities.

A large proportion of some of the world’s major agricultural food

commodities, such as soy, maize and rapeseed are now grown as GM

crops. Other crops with significant GM­production are cotton and sugar

beet.

Nevertheless, the use of GM technology in agriculture continues to be

the subject of lively debate. Supporters of its use point to the fact that

GM crops have repeatedly been declared safe for use, that they are

easier to manage, more cost­effective, and often more productive,

which could play an important role in feeding the planet’s growing

population.

Downloads



Genetically Modified Crops
Position Statement
PDF | 519KB
(/Images/unilevers­position­on­
genetically­modified­
crops_tcm244­424496_en.pdf)

Opponents express concerns about the impact of GM crop farming on biodiversity and the environment, and the

leading position of a few seed companies. They also worry about the dependency of smallholder farmers on these

seed companies, and their ability to compete in a global market.

Context

A number of leading scientific bodies and regulatory agencies (such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),

the US Department of Agriculture (USDA), the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the European Food

Safety Authority (EFSA) and Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ)) have concluded that from a human

and environmental perspective, authorised GM crops and food ingredients produced from them are safe.

However, consumer views and acceptance differ. Concern is often higher in Europe and some parts of Asia

compared to the US or Latin America, where the use of food ingredients produced from GM crops is common.

Next to that, the global regulatory environment is increasingly complex as different rules apply, not only to the

authorisation of GM crops (in terms of both cultivation and their use in food products), but also to the provision of

information to the consumer.

For instance, approaches to the labelling of food ingredients produced from GM crops vary greatly. It is mandatory in

about 60 countries, including the European Union, Russia, Turkey, Australia or Brazil. In the US, attempts to enact

such a requirement in some states triggered a federal law about the mandatory disclosure of information to

consumers.

Unilever’s position

In line with our aspiration to make sustainable living commonplace, we believe that science and technology, used in a

responsible manner in agriculture, hold the potential to help meet the world’s long­term food needs more sustainably.

Commitment to safety

As one of the largest consumer goods companies in the world, Unilever’s priority is to provide consumers with

products that are safe, meet all regulatory requirements and fulfil our high standards for quality.

Our commitment to safety and quality includes all of our food ingredients, whether produced from conventional crops

or from GM crops authorised by regulatory bodies. We believe that these GM crops are as safe as their traditional

counterparts and fully support regulatory control of the use of GM technology and continued scientific review in this

area.

Commitment to sustainable sourcing

We have committed to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably by 2020. Whether the crops we

use are conventional or genetically modified, all have to conform to the Unilever  Sustainable Agriculture Code

(PDF | 3MB) (/Images/ul­sac­v1­march­2010­spread_tcm244­464943_en.pdf), which requires our suppliers to protect

farmland biodiversity and minimise chemical inputs.

We believe the use of responsibly­grown GM crops in markets where there is regulatory and consumer approval can

sit alongside our sustainability ambitions.

We are also committed to improving the lives of smallholder farmers (/sustainable­living/enhancing­

livelihoods/inclusive­business/connecting­with­smallholder­farmers­to­enhance­livelihoods/). Since 2010 we have

helped more than 800,000 gain access to training and support – often including the provision of seeds – as part of

our commitment to make a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people in our value chain by 2020.

Commitment to transparency

Unilever fundamentally supports the principle of transparency and the provision of information to consumers who

want to know about the use of ingredients produced from GM crops.

In markets where there is a labelling requirement, Unilever will provide on­pack information in full compliance with the

relevant legislation. In markets where there is no regulatory framework for mandatory labelling, Unilever will work with

industry stakeholders to support the voluntary provision of information via websites or consumer carelines to disclose

the use of ingredients produced from GM crops in food products.

Commitment to meeting consumer preferences

At the heart of our business and our brands is a deep commitment to consumers. We recognise some have a

preference for foods made to specific production standards, such as processes that do not use ingredients produced

from GM crops. Where feasible we offer products that meet these preferences.

Kericho Tea Estates
Unilever has been growing tea in Kenya since 1924. The estate in Kericho covers over 8,700 hectares

and is Rainforest Alliance certified. There are 12,000 permanent workers and 4,000­5,000 seasonal

workers

Responding to challenges
In Kericho, Unilever provides workers with pay and working conditions

significantly above the agricultural workers’ norm ­ approximately two

and a half times the statutory minimum agricultural income in Kenya.

Unilever also offers housing, annual leave pay, transport allowances,

paternity and maternity leave, free health care, nursery and primary

school education, clean potable drinking water and free meals during

working hours. As with any society where work and private lives are

tightly intertwined, there continue to be particular challenges that we

are working hard to address.

In December 2013, Unilever published an update on working

conditions at our tea estates in Kericho. This followed allegations of

sexual harassment of female workers in an August programme by

ARTE (a Franco­German TV channel). These allegations were

investigated and an extensive independent review made six

recommendations to improve the gender balance within the Team

Leader community and the grievance handling system. Unilever fully

accepted these recommendations which were implemented

immediately.

Update on working conditions at Kericho
Since December 2013 progress has focused on the prevention of

incidents through increased education and awareness, as well as

improving the grievance and reporting procedures. We continue to be

committed to sharing our learnings and actions. We present our update

below:

1. Strengthening the management team

Downloads





Kericho Tea Estates: Working
Conditions
PDF | 82KB
(/Images/kericho­tea­estates­
december­2013_tcm244­
424953_en.pdf)

Unilever Human Rights Report
2015
PDF | 5MB
(/Images/unilever­human­
rights­report­2015_tcm244­
437226_en.pdf)

In 2013 three significant female appointments were made with a new Code Compliance Officer, Human

Resources Manager and Welfare Officer joining the team. The team has now been expanded to include four

female Welfare Assistants.

In 2014 the local Leadership Team was strengthened with the appointment of a new Managing Director of

Kericho. The Vice President (VP) of Tea Procurement and Operations also relocated to Kenya.

2. Code of Business Principles investigations

In 2013 extensive investigations into Code of Business Principles (the Code) violations led to strong disciplinary

action.

These investigations have continued and the number of sexual harassment cases being reported has increased in

line with a raised awareness of the Code and the grievance process. (cid:0)

Bi­weekly Code Committee meetings actively review reported cases and current investigations and preventative

measures to address any breaches are developed.

3. The grievance process

In 2013, the grievance process was revised and plans were made to improve the confidential ethics channel.

The ethics hotline remains a free service on Safaricom (the mobile phone network provider) and all Kenyan,

Tanzanian and Ugandan­based employees can choose to speak with a Kiswahili speaker. Since 2013 we have

worked with the hotline service provider to improve the quality of reporting and the time taken to connect a caller

to the appropriate language speaker.

4. Enhancing the safety of women and girls and men and boys

Since 2013, a number of recommendations and policies related to enhancing the safety of women and girls and

men and boys have been implemented.

In 2014, a survey was carried out by an independent organisation to identify factors and conditions that enhance

safety and recommendations were made. (cid:0)

These recommendations have now been implemented, resulting in a substantial improvement in the way sexual

harassment issues are addressed. The changes include further awareness raising of sexual harassment issues

and what constitutes sexual harassment and more opportunities for girls to engage in social activities and

mentoring. (cid:0)

We recognise that the challenge remains to eliminate the root causes and can only be achieved by providing

education on sexual harassment and gender­based violence against women and girls in partnership with others in

the wider community.

5. The Dignity Enhancement Committee

In 2013, the terms of reference for the Dignity Enhancement Committee (DEC) were strengthened and the DEC

hearings became part of Leadership Team (LT) meetings.

The LT continues to provide support, guidance and oversight to the DEC. In monthly meetings, the LT reviews

areas of concern and reported breaches of the Code. They stay close to the issues and help to design appropriate

interventions that address root causes and prevent escalation.

6. The role and responsibilities of Team Leaders

Since 2013 changes have been introduced to ensure that the balance of power within the Team Leader

community has improved with increased oversight by the Human Resources (HR) and Welfare teams.

Today just under 40% of Team Leaders are female, a significant increase from 3% in 2013. We continue to work

towards the 50% target. (cid:0)

HR’s increased involvement has led to a number of improvements including:

Greater transparency in recruitment ­ from the placing of adverts to the completion of panel interviews ­ with 91

female Team Leaders and 33 female Leaf Inspectors being recruited.

Monitoring progress
Progress is continually monitored through monthly reviews with the VP of Tea Procurement and Operations and bi­

monthly meetings with the Chief Procurement Officer. In 2014, our Chief Executive Officer Paul Polman and Chief

Supply Chain Officer Pier Luigi Sigismondi visited Kericho to experience progress at first hand.

The programme of investment in Kericho has continued. The provision of solar power lighting and phone charging

capability to 100% of the workers houses, as well as improved street lighting in the villages, is now complete.

Lightning arrestors have been placed in every house and the community halls have been fitted with televisions and

board games. A sanitation improvement programme is due to be completed in 2016, with new fittings being installed

in 102 new toilet and bathroom buildings. These improvements continue to represent a significant long­term

investment by Unilever, and remain leading edge in the tea industry.

Our work in Kericho is part of a long and challenging journey by Unilever to operate to the highest standards.

However, we also know the issues we face are not unique either to Unilever Tea Kenya or the tea industry. In parallel

to raising standards on our estates and those of our strategic suppliers, we continue to share our experience,

including improvements in safety, security, gender diversity and grievance reporting, with other industry partners to

help raise standards globally.

Spotlight on Kericho
Unilever has identified eight salient human rights issues and one of these is harassment. Kericho was the subject of a

case study on this issue in our first Human Rights Report, published in June 2015. See Download for more.

April 2015

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

 
Kodaikanal, India
We are sometimes asked about a breach of our environmental operating guidelines at our former

thermometer factory at Kodaikanal, India.

The facts
Our Code of Business Principles commits us to conducting our

operations with honesty, integrity and openness. In line with these

Principles, we have summarised below how this breach of our

guidelines occurred as the facts of this issue are often misunderstood

or misrepresented. The facts are that:

Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL)  did not dump glass waste

1

contaminated with mercury on land behind its factory. Glass scrap with

residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about three

kilometres away from the factory, in breach of our guidelines. HUL

immediately closed the factory and launched an investigation.

There were no adverse impacts on the health of employees or the

environment. This has been confirmed by many independent studies.

There was limited impact on the soil at some spots within the factory

premises which required remediation.

With the necessary permits from the US and Indian governments, the

recovered glass scrap was sent to the US for recycling in 2003. In

2006, the plant and machinery and materials used in thermometer

manufacturing at the site were decontaminated and disposed of as

scrap to industrial recyclers.

After extensive assessment and testing, permission for remediation of

the soil was granted in July 2008 by the statutory authority, the Tamil

Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB). Pre­remediation work was

started in 2009 at the site. However, in 2010, the TNPCB decided to

have additional studies conducted by eminent national institutions in

response to NGO requests.  

The findings of these additional studies, conducted by IIT Delhi,

National Botanical Research Institute and the Indian Institute of Soil

and Water Conservation Research Centre, Ooty (formerly called

Central Soil and Water Conservation Research & Training Institute)

were submitted to TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee (SEC)

in February 2011.

Related links







Kodaikanal: The clean­up of
the former factory site
31/03/2016 (/sustainable­
living/what­matters­to­
you/Kodaikanal­india/)

HUL and former employees of
Kodaikanal factory sign
settlement
09/03/2016
(/news/press­
releases/2016/HUL­and­
former­employees­of­
Kodaikanal­factory­sign­
settlement.html)

HUL to commence preparatory
work and trials for soil
remediation at former factory
site in Kodaikanal
(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­
releases/2017/hul­to­
commence­preparatory­work­
and­trials­for­soil­remediation­
at­former­factory­site­in­
kodaikanal.html)

TNPCB consulted with the Central Pollution Control Board and

subsequently in 2015 directed HUL to submit a revised Detailed

Project Report (DPR). HUL submitted the DPR in August 2015.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to

commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former

factory site in Kodaikanal.  To read more about this, please click

here (https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­releases/2017/hul­to­

commence­preparatory­work­and­trials­for­soil­remediation­at­former­

factory­site­in­kodaikanal.html).



HUL commences soil
remediation trial at former
factory site in Kodaikanal 16­
08­2017
(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­
releases/2017/hul­commences­
soil­remediation­trial­at­former­
factory­site­in­kodaikanal.html)

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal. The

trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance

with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB. In February 2018, HUL submitted the final

soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB.

On June 11, 2018, Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) received permission from Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board

(TNPCB) to commence full scale soil remediation to the remedial standard of 20mg/kg at its former factory site in

Kodaikanal.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil remediation

standard of 20 mg/kg. The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain an expert opinion

on whether the Site­Specific Target Level of 20 mg/kg is the right remediation standard. In the interim, the NGT has

asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory premises.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site.

HUL signed a settlement on humanitarian grounds with former workers on March 4, 2016. The Hon’ble High Court of

Madras took the settlement agreement on record. As part of the agreement, HUL, with an objective to ensure long

term wellbeing of its former workers, has provided ex gratia payments to 591 workers/association members and their

families to be used towards livelihood enhancement projects & skill enhancement programs.

The text below clarifies the steps we have taken to reach this stage.

Mercury contamination at our former thermometer factory,
Kodaikanal, India

Background

The mercury thermometer factory was set up in Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu State, in southern India in 1983. In 1987,

Pond’s India came into the Unilever fold through the larger corporate acquisition of acquisition of Chesebrough­

Pond's. Pond's India, and with it the thermometer factory, merged with Hindustan Limited  in 1998.

1

Thermometers were a product line that was not core to Unilever but they were a source of export earnings to which

the Indian government attached high importance. Given Unilever's strategic decision to exit non­core product

activities, the factory's long­term future within the company was under review some time before the events described

below. A decision to exit the thermometer business had already been made in January 2001.

March 2001

Activities at the Kodaikanal site became a focus for attention in March 2001 when Greenpeace and others brought to

Hindustan Unilever's attention the fact that glass scrap with residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about

three kilometres away from the factory. HUL immediately closed the factory and launched an investigation.

HUL notified the relevant statutory body, the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB). HUL also engaged URS

Dames and Moore as independent international environmental consultants to make an environmental assessment

and risk assessment of the site.

Our investigation revealed that 5.3 metric tonnes of mercury­tainted glass scrap (containing approx. 0.15% residual

mercury) had been sold in breach of our established procedures.

The investigation showed that the manufacturing process was safe and had been audited as such both internally by

HUL and by the Tamil Nadu State authorities. There were strict processes in place for recycling glass scrap with

residual mercury. It was these procedures that had been breached and glass scrap with residual mercury had gone to

recyclers, who should only have had pure glass scrap.

The Final Report from URS on the assessment for mercury at the site concluded that the Kodai lake had not been

impacted by mercury; the people who had worked at the site had not suffered adverse health effects due to the

factory operations; and remediation of soil was needed at the site.

June 2001

HUL removed 7.4 tonnes of glass scrap with residual mercury and the soil beneath the scrap from the scrap yard to

its factory premises for safe storage. HUL also took action to track down any glass scrap which had left the site over

the previous ten years and offered to recover any scrap from recyclers for safe storage on the Kodaikanal site.

August 2001

Five silt traps were constructed to prevent discharge of soil from the factory site to the Pambar valley, the only

direction into which the water flows out of the site. This task was completed in time for the 2001 monsoon season.

June 2002

HUL sought permission as early as June 28, 2002 for the clean­up or remediation of the land within the premises of

the factory to a high, residential standard known as the 'Dutch standard' (10 mg/kg).

March–May 2003

Hindustan Unilever negotiated with the Indian and US governments for permits to pack and transport the mercury­

containing material to the US for recycling. The consignment consisted of 290 tonnes of materials and included glass

scrap with residual mercury, semi­finished and finished thermometers, effluent treatment plant waste and elemental

mercury. They were packed under the supervision of TNPCB officials and witnessed by local NGOs, including

Greenpeace. The materials reached New York on May 31, 2003 and were then transported to Bethlehem Apparatus

Inc. for recovery of mercury and its subsequent recycling/disposal.

2004–2005

HUL continued to pursue with the TNPCB permissions to remediate the soil and also to de­contaminate and scrap

the thermometer­making equipment at the Kodaikanal site.  

On the advice of the TNPCB, HUL engaged with technical experts from the Government of India's National

Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) and finalised the scope and timing of the NEERI study and their

involvement in the physical decontamination of the equipment at the site and the soil remediation.

May 2005

The NEERI proposal was approved by the TNPCB.

February–May 2006

The plant and machinery and materials used in thermometer manufacturing at the site were decontaminated and

disposed of as scrap to industrial recyclers.

The protocol for decontamination was prepared by URS, modified by Professor Shyam R Asolekar of IIT Mumbai,

verified by NEERI and approved by the TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee constituted by the Supreme

Court Monitoring Committee to monitor the remediation measures.

October 2007

For the remediation of the contaminated soil on site, NEERI conducted pilot plant trials at the factory and its results

were considered by NEERI while it recommended a soil remediation protocol. NEERI recommended soil washing and

thermal retorting technologies in this protocol.

NEERI presented the protocol to the TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee and the protocol was accepted.

Based on the recommendation of the Scientific Experts Committee, the TNPCB set soil remediation criteria and

asked NEERI to prepare a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for undertaking soil remediation.

NEERI submitted the DPR to TNPCB and sought permission to commence the remediation work.

November 2007

The Scientific Experts Committee and TNPCB considered the DPR. They granted in principle approval for the

remediation, asking Hindustan Unilever to incorporate some suggestions and submit a revised DPR.

May 2008

The Scientific Experts Committee and TNPCB visited the factory site, inspected the pilot plant, reviewed the revised

DPR and cleared the DPR.

July 2008

TNPCB granted permission for remediation to commence and set the remediation criteria of 20 mg/kg of mercury

concentration in soil.

The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) is the statutory authority in the state of Tamil Nadu, India to set soil

remediation criteria.

It should be noted that India does not have any accepted numerical standards for either assessing soil contamination

or for determining remediation criteria. The Supreme Court Monitoring Committee directed NEERI to develop the

remediation criteria for the site, based on a Risk Assessment Study. Remediation standards or clean­up criteria will

vary from site to site depending on soil conditions, future land use, the need for the preservation of local ecology and

potential risks.

It is also pertinent to note that screening criteria such as the British and Dutch Intervention Values do not necessarily

mean that these would be applicable as the soil clean­up standard or remediation criteria. The Dutch Intervention

Value for mercury was originally 10 mg/kg in 2001. Based on new scientific data and models generated by the Dutch

authorities, the Intervention Value was revised upwards to 36 mg/kg in 2006.

May 2009

Pre­remediation work started in May 2009 according to the approved Detailed Project Report.

2010

Some NGOs contested the soil clean­up criteria set by the TNPCB. Remediation criteria based on a site specific Risk

Assessment Study is the internationally recognised procedure for remediation. As desired by the TNPCB and the

Scientific Experts Committee during the project review meeting in January 2010, additional studies were undertaken

by national institutions.

IIT Delhi revalidated the Risk Assessment Study and site specific clean­up standard; National Botanical Research

Institute, Lucknow, studied the impact on trees and preservation of trees; and the Central Soil and Water

Conservation Research & Training Institute, Ooty, studied the impact on soil and soil erosion.

2011–2014

The findings of these additional studies, conducted by IIT Delhi, National Botanical Research Institute and the Central

Soil and Water Conservation Research & Training Institute, were submitted to TNPCB and the Scientific Experts

Committee (SEC) in February 2011. The IIT Delhi study recommended the site specific clean­up standard of 22.4

mg/kg for soil remediation. During this period, TNPCB and SEC met five times including two site visits to the factory.

Subsequent to the findings of the above three studies, the Scientific Experts Committee, in May 2013, reconfirmed 20

mg/kg as the clean­up standard for soil remediation in the factory.  Further to this, in February 2014, TNPCB has

asked the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) of the Central Government of India to advise on the clean­up

standard. In December 2014, the CPCB invited the NGOs for a meeting to understand their concerns on the

remediation standard, but the NGOs did not participate.

2015

On August 10, 2015, HUL submitted a Detailed Project Report for soil remediation to TNPCB. The DPR has been

prepared based on the soil remediation standard, as recommended by Scientific Experts Committee (constituted by

the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee) and as agreed by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).

2016

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil

remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.  To read more about this, please click here

(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­releases/2017/hul­to­commence­preparatory­work­and­trials­for­soil­remediation­

at­former­factory­site­in­kodaikanal.html).

2017

HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal on August 16, 2017. The trial

was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with

the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.  To read more about this, please click here

(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­releases/2017/hul­commences­soil­remediation­trial­at­former­factory­site­in­

kodaikanal.html).

2018

Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory

premises to TNPCB.

On June 11, 2018, Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) received permission from Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board

(TNPCB) to commence full scale soil remediation to the remedial standard of 20mg/kg at its former factory site in

Kodaikanal.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil remediation

standard of 20 mg/kg. The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain an expert opinion

on whether the Site­Specific Target Level of 20 mg/kg is the right remediation standard. In the interim, the NGT has

asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory premises.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site.

Assessing the health of our workers

Comprehensive occupational health and safety systems existed at the Kodaikanal factory prior to its closure in 2001.

Internal monitoring within the factory and external audits carried out by statutory authorities during the operation of

the factory showed that there were no adverse health effects to the workers on account of their employment at the

factory.

In addition, many expert studies carried out after the closure all concluded that there had been no adverse health

impacts on ex­employees due to the nature of their work in the factory. These studies included:

A comprehensive medical examination conducted by a panel of doctors using a questionnaire developed by the US

Department of Labor, Mines, Safety and Health Administration

Studies by the Certifying Surgeon from the Inspectorate of Factories, by Dr P N Viswanathan of Industrial

Toxicology Research Centre (ITRC); by Dr Tom van Teuenbroek of TNO as directed by the State Pollution Control

Board TNPCB; and by the Industrial Toxicology Research Centre (ITRC) as directed by the Supreme Court

Monitoring Committee.

The conclusions from our own occupational health surveillance have also been independently endorsed by the All

India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) and the National Institute of Occupational Health (NIOH).

In February 2006, some of the ex­employees of the Kodaikanal factory approached the Madras High Court seeking

directions for conducting a fresh health survey and providing economic rehabilitation. This petition was filed more

than four years after HUL had made a full and final settlement in November 2001. The severance package was

significantly higher than the statutory requirement. The workers had been offered alternative jobs in another unit of

the company. However, they opted out of service.

In June 2007 the Honourable Madras High Court constituted a five­member expert committee (including

representatives from ITRC, AIIMS and NIOH) to decide whether the alleged health conditions of the workers and their

families were related to mercury exposure. The committee was also asked to decide whether a new health study was

needed.

The expert committee obtained inputs from the petitioners and from Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) and, during a

visit to the factory in October 2007 to understand its safety systems and procedures, also examined some ex­workers

and family members of ex­workers.

The expert committee submitted its report in December 2007. Its conclusion was that "The committee failed to find

sufficient evidence to link the current clinical condition of the factory workers to the mercury exposure in the factory in

the past". The Madras High Court appointed expert committee ruled out the need for any fresh health study.

The Ministry of Labour & Employment (the Ministry) is also a respondent in the matter filed by the ex­workers of the

Kodaikanal factory in the Madras High Court. After almost four years of the earlier report being put on Court record

and without any objections to the report, the Ministry submitted a report at the end of 2011 to the Honourable Madras

High Court.

HUL signed a settlement on humanitarian grounds with former workers on March 4, 2016. The Hon’ble High Court of

Madras took the settlement agreement on record. As part of the agreement, HUL, with an objective to ensure long

term wellbeing of its former workers, has provided ex gratia payments to 591 former workers/association members

and their families. These will go towards livelihood enhancement projects & skill enhancement programs.

1
Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL)was formally known as Hindustan Lever Limited (HLL)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Kodaikanal: The clean-up of the former factory site
Following the settlement with our former workers in Kodaikanal (/news/press­releases/2016/HUL­and­

former­employees­of­Kodaikanal­factory­sign­settlement.html), we continue to be determined to

address the clean­up of our former thermometer factory site.



Cleaning up our Kodaikanal site - our position, in brief

There is no single clean up standard (or "remediation standard”) for cleaning mercury­contaminated sites in India
or any other country.

The standard proposed for Kodaikanal – 20mg/kg – was set by the TNPCB, the expert Government body, not
Hindustan Unilever. It was set using a science­based, site­specific risk assessment as per international best
practice.

Applying this standard would make the soil safe for children to play in, to grow root vegetables from, and would be
protective to the environment.

Remediating the soil to a more onerous standard would cause greater ecological damage because significantly
more soil would need to be excavated and trees felled.

A lot of misinformation is being shared about this issue. Read below to get the facts.

Cleaning up our Kodaikanal site - our position, in full

In 2001, it was brought to our attention that glass scrap, containing

residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about three

kilometres away from the factory, in breach of our guidelines. On

discovering this, Hindustan Unilever (HUL) immediately shut down the

factory and took all the glass scrap with residual mercury along with

the soil from the scrap yard back to the factory for safe storage.

Subsequently in 2003, HUL sent all mercury bearing material including

the glass scrap from the scrap yard to a mercury recycler in the USA,

after obtaining appropriate permissions.

The ceasing of operations in March 2001, the removal of all mercury­

bearing material in 2003 and subsequently the decontamination and

safe disposal of plant, machinery and materials used in thermometer

Related Links



More information on
Kodaikanal, India (/sustainable­
living/what­matters­to­
you/kodaikanal­india.html)



HUL and former employees of
Kodaikanal factory sign
settlement
09/03/2016
(/news/press­
releases/2016/HUL­and­
former­employees­of­

manufacturing in 2006, have removed any risk of contamination to the

ecologically sensitive region. However, we need to remediate soil

Kodaikanal­factory­sign­
settlement.html)

within our factory premises.

To begin the clean­up, we need to receive consent from the Tamil

Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) – the statutory authority.

Permission to begin the clean­up at the set soil remediation standard

of 20 mg/kg was granted in July 2008. The pre­remediation work

began in 2009. However, in 2010, the TNPCB decided to have

additional studies conducted by eminent national institutions in

response to some activists contesting the soil clean­up standard of 20

mg/kg and subsequently asked HUL to stop the remediation work.



HUL to commence preparatory
work and trials for soil
remediation at former factory
site in Kodaikanal
(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­
releases/2017/hul­to­
commence­preparatory­work­
and­trials­for­soil­remediation­
at­former­factory­site­in­
kodaikanal.html)

The TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee (SEC), appointed by



Supreme Court Monitoring Committee, reviewed the studies and set

the site specific clean up standard of 20 mg/kg. The Central Pollution

Control Board (CPCB) – the foremost organisation that deals with

issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of Environment

and Forests, Government of India – to whom the TNPCB had referred

the matter, also approved the clean­up standard.

HUL commences soil
remediation trial at former
factory site in Kodaikanal 16­
08­2017
(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­
releases/2017/hul­commences­
soil­remediation­trial­at­former­
factory­site­in­kodaikanal.html)

Some activists have made misleading claims about this complex issue

which has resulted in further confusion. We want to make sure that the

facts are accurately represented.

Determining the clean-up standard
The proposed clean­up standard of 20 mg/kg mercury has been determined based on a site specific risk assessment

study. Taking into consideration factors such as soil type, exposure scenarios, and the sensitivity of receptors, both

human and environmental. Important inputs to this proposal were:

A risk assessment study done by NEERI in 2007 as directed by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee and the

Site Specific Human Health & Ecological Risk Assessment study conducted by IIT Delhi in 2010.

A study on the impact on soil and soil erosion by Indian Institute of Soil and Water Conservation Research Centre,

Ooty, in 2010.

A study on the impact and preservation of trees by National Botanical Research Institute, Lucknow, in 2011.

The expert studies conducted by these institutions of national repute were reviewed by the TNPCB and SEC before

confirming 20 mg/kg as the applicable remediation standard in May 2013. The CPCB also confirmed this standard in

April 2015 after reviewing the results of all these studies.

However, some activists are campaigning for the 20mg/kg standard to be arbitrarily lowered by incorrectly referring to

preliminary screening criteria of various countries to make their case.

This is misleading because these screening criteria are solely intended to identify if a risk assessment of the site is

warranted. They do not mean the affected site should be cleaned up to that level.

International best practice dictates that if soil remediation is required, the clean­up standard should then be

determined based on a site­specific risk assessment ­ taking into consideration factors like the surrounding ecology,

the soil type, and the expected human exposure levels.

The 20 mg/kg standard set by the TNPCB for the soil in the factory has been determined based on this site­specific

risk assessment approach. At this level, not only would the soil be safe for a child to play in and to grow vegetables

in, but the clean­up would be protective both for humans and the environment.

Remediating the soil at a lower standard will result in uprooting of more trees and greater soil excavation thereby

leading to risk of much greater ecological damage in the hilly terrain where soil content is not uniform.

For example:

An estimated 300 trees will be affected / removed if the standard is 20 mg/kg. If the standard is taken to 6.6 mg/kg

(as currently suggested by activists based on current Canadian Soil Quality Guideline), an estimated 3 to 4 times

the number of trees would be affected / removed.

We estimate that the area to be excavated would be approximately 10,000 m  if the standard is 20 mg/kg. If the

2

standard is taken to 6.6 mg/kg, the area to be excavated would be around five times more – causing significantly

greater disturbance of a fragile ecosystem, and implications for soil run­off and landslides.

Getting to work
TNPCB is the statutory authority to set the soil remediation standard. In consultation with SEC they have set the

remediation standard to 20 mg/kg based on the risk assessment study at our former factory site in Kodaikanal. The

CPCB has confirmed this standard which is based on science and follows international best practice. We believe it is

in the best interests of Kodaikanal that we remediate the soil as soon as possible to a rigorous science­based

standard, which is protective of both human health and the environment.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil

remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal on August 16, 2017. The trial

was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with

the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.  To read more about this, please click here

(https://www.hul.co.in/news/press­releases/2017/hul­commences­soil­remediation­trial­at­former­factory­site­in­

kodaikanal.html).

In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to

the TNPCB.

On June 11, 2018, Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) received permission from Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board

(TNPCB) to commence full scale soil remediation to the remedial standard of 20mg/kg at its former factory site in

Kodaikanal.

On November 1, 2018, the Principal bench of NGT cleared the way for soil remediation at HUL’s former factory in

Kodaikanal. The NGT has reaffirmed the soil remediation standard of 20 mg/kg.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site.

 Read a much more detailed background on this issue (PDF | 527KB) (/Images/soil­remediation­kodaikanal­india­

march18_tcm244­479921_en.pdf)

Q&A on soil remediation

How long will it take to complete the soil remediation?

On June 11, 2018, Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) received permission from Tamil Nadu Pollution Control

Board (TNPCB) to commence full scale soil remediation to the remedial standard of 20mg/kg at its former

factory site in Kodaikanal. We estimate that the remediation process will take around three years to complete

after all other statutory approvals are received. Hindustan Unilever Limited is committed to cleaning up the site.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil

remediation standard of 20 mg/kg. The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain

an expert opinion on whether the Site­Specific Target Level of 20 mg/kg is the right remediation standard. In

the interim, the NGT has asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory

premises.

What is the process that will be followed in carrying out this remediation?

The soil remediation consists of soil washing and vacuum retorting treatment processes. Impacted soil will be

excavated from the contaminated areas and transported to factory shed for treatment. The soil will be mixed

with water, agitated, scrubbed, washed and screened into various size fractions.

Those fractions with mercury content higher than the remediation standard will be heated in vacuum retort and

mercury vapour will be condensed into elemental mercury. Treated soil meeting the clean­up standard will be

backfilled to the excavated area and rehabilitated. The soil remediation processes were tested successfully

during the trials undertaken from 16th Aug 2017 to 18th Nov 2017.

Who will be carrying out this exercise?

The soil remediation will be carried out by Hindustan Unilever under the guidance of the National

Environmental Engineering Research Institute, Nagpur and Indian Institute of Soil and Water Conservation,

Ooty. HUL will involve international environmental consultants M/s Environmental Resources Management and

remediation services providers in the process. Remediation work will be monitored by the Scientific Experts

Committee constituted by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee and Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board.

The Local Area Environment Committee and Local Body i.e. Kodaikanal Municipality will be associated with

the remediation.

Who set the remediation standard?

The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) ­ the statutory authority which has the responsibility of

protecting the environment in the state of Tamil Nadu, where the site is located ­ set the remediation standard

for the clean­up.

TNPCB had consulted with both the Scientific Expert Committee (SEC), which was constituted by the Supreme

Court Monitoring Committee, and the Central Pollution Control Board – the foremost organisation that deals

with issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India –

while deciding the remediation standard.

How was the remediation standard set?

In line with international best practice, a site­specific risk assessment was carried out at our former site taking

into consideration human and environmental safety. Following this a remediation standard of 20mg/kg was set

by the TNPCB. At this level, it will be fully protective of human health and the environment.

This standard had been confirmed by the Scientific Expert Committee (SEC), which was constituted by the

Supreme Court Monitoring Committee, and has also been validated by the Central Pollution Control Board

(CPCB) – the foremost organisation that deals with issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of

Environment and Forests, Government of India – to whom the TNPCB had referred the matter.

TNPCB had set the remediation standard basis review of extensive studies conducted by various eminent

national institutions including National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), Indian Institute of

Technology (IIT), Delhi, National Botanical Research Institute, Lucknow, and the Central Soil and Water

Conservation Research & Training Institute, Ooty

Why is remediation work pending even after 15 years?

We remain fully committed to cleaning up the soil at our former factory and are eager to start work as soon as

possible.

This has been a longstanding issue, dating back to 2001, when it was found that glass scrap with residual

mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer in breach of our guidelines. HUL immediately closed the factory and

launched an investigation.

There was no adverse impact on the environment except in some areas within the factory premises which

required remediation. This has been confirmed by many independent studies.

We sought permission as early as 2002 to begin the soil remediation, but it was not until 2007 that we received

in principle approval to start work after a full analysis was carried out by NEERI.

During the intervening period, other remedial measures such as the export of mercury bearing material to US

in 2003 and decontamination and disposal of plant and machinery in 2006 were undertaken.

Soil remediation work began in 2009, but was stalled the following year after some activists contested the

clean­up standard – resulting in further studies being carried out by national institutions to assess the impact

on matters such as tree preservation and soil erosion.

An additional Risk Assessment Study and review of the site specific clean­up standard was also carried out by

IIT Delhi. The culmination of these studies – and visits by the TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee

(SEC) to Kodaikanal – was the reconfirmation of the TNPCB set 20mg/kg standard by the SEC in 2013. The

TNPCB referred this matter to the CPCB, who endorsed the standard of 20 mg/kg in 2015.

In 2015, Hindustan Unilever submitted a Detailed Project Report for soil remediation to the TNPCB, based on

the soil remediation standard as recommended by the SEC.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for

soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal. Click here  to read more about this

(http://www.hul.co.in/news/press­releases/2017/hul­to­commence­preparatory­work­and­trials­for­soil­

remediation­at­former­factory­site­in­kodaikanal.html). HUL is committed to cleaning up the site.

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in

accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB. In February 2018, HUL

submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB. The

company is engaging with TNPCB on next steps.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site.

Why not go below 20 mg/kg?

The TNPCB set and CPCB approved 20mg/kg standard has been reached following internationally

recognised best practice for determining site specific remediation criteria. 

There is no science to back any reduction in the site specific remediation criteria, as it is not based on any

site­specific risk assessment. 

A remediation to the Canadian Soil Quality Guideline would not be any more protective to human health

and the environment than a remediation to the site­specific mercury remediation standard. 

A lower standard will lead to greater ecological and environmental damage on account of greater soil

excavation and will lead to soil erosion & ecological imbalance in the hilly terrain where soil content is not

uniform.

We estimate that 300 trees will be affected / removed if the standard is 20 mg/kg as set by the TNPCB

and approved by the CPCB. If the standard is taken to 6.6 mg/kg (as currently suggested by activists

based on current Canadian Soil Quality Guideline), an estimated 3 to 4 times the number of trees will

be affected / removed. 

We estimate that the area to be excavated would be approximately 10,000 m2 if the standard is 20

mg/kg as set by the TNPCB and approved by the CPCB. If the standard is taken to 6.6 mg/kg, the

area to be excavated would be around five times more – causing significantly greater disturbance of a

fragile ecosystem, and implications for soil run­off and landslides.

Are there international remediation standards for the clean­up of mercury­contaminated sites?

There is no single remediation standard for the clean­up of mercury contamination either in India or any other

country.

Some countries have established preliminary screening criteria, which are used by regulators to determine

whether a site is potentially contaminated or not and whether a site­specific clean­up standard should be

established. These criteria vary from country to country and are different to the standards which regulators set

when remediation is required. Remediation standards are based on a risk assessment study of the site in

accordance with international best practice. The US Environmental Protection Agency, UK Environment

Agency and European Environmental Protection Agencies follow this approach.

Some activists have claimed that 6.6 mg/kg is the remediation criteria that should be adopted for the site. What

is your view?

The Ministry of Environment & Forests (MOEF), Government of India, has not issued any document which

proposes 6.6 mg/kg as the remediation standard.

Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has set the remediation standard based on site specific risk

assessment study. This has been done as directed by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee. Even the

guideline issued by CPCB in 2015 mandates site specific risk assessment for deciding remediation standard

for remediating contaminated sites.

The TNPCB had in May 2015 stated that the Site Specific Target Level (SSTL) for our former factory in

Kodaikanal should be 20 mg/kg after this standard had been validated by the Central Pollution Control Board

(CPCB) – the foremost organization that deals with issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of

Environment and Forests, Government of India – to whom TNPCB had referred the matter.

Arbitrarily lowering the remediation standard without any scientific basis can result in risks to the local ecology

whilst not providing any additional benefit.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site and will commence work once the consent is received from the

regulatory authority and necessary statutory permissions are received.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for

soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in

accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.

In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory

premises to the TNPCB. The company is engaging with TNPCB on next steps. HUL is committed to cleaning

up the site.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Microplastics
Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic which can end up in the seas, causing potential damage to the

environment. Most come from the breakdown of larger plastics in the ocean but some can come from

their use in consumer and industrial products.

Background
Microplastics originate from a variety of different sources including the

breakdown of larger plastic materials in the water, the shedding of

synthetic fibres from textiles during domestic clothes washing, and

from the use of small plastic beads, for their abrasive or other

properties, in a range of consumer and industrial products. Plastic

microbeads from cosmetic products form a very small contribution

(<0.1%) of the total amount of marine litter.

As a member of the detergents industry, Unilever are working together

with textile and clothing manufacturers to better understand, address

and minimise the effect of textile wear during the life cycle of clothes.

Related links

For more information on the work being carried out, see the

 International Association for Soaps, Detergents and Maintenance

Products (AISE) (https://www.aise.eu/newsroom/aise­news/aise­joins­

cross­industry­agreement­on­prevention­of­microplastic­release­from­

the­washing­of­synthetic­textiles.aspx?back=8).



Waste & packaging
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)

Unilever used to use small plastic scrub beads in a limited number of

dedicated beauty & personal care products, such as exfoliating face and body washes. The plastic scrub beads were

used as an ingredient because of their ability to gently remove dead skin cells from the surface of the skin. Many

consumers enjoy the clean feeling that using products with the beads provides. We stopped using plastic scrub

beads in 2014. See Plastic scrub beads (/about/innovation/Our­products­and­ingredients/Your­ingredient­questions­

answered/Plastic­scrub­beads.html) for more information.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Product Safety & Quality
Consumers trust us to provide them and their families with safe and high­quality products. All of our

products are designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended use.

Safety comes first
Our Code of Business Principles sets out our commitment to provide

branded products and services that are safe, and to innovate based on

sound science. We have mandatory policies and standards in place to

ensure that we meet this commitment. Safety and product quality are

an important and integral part of our product design.

Unilever’s long­established Safety & Environmental Assurance Centre

(SEAC) works with teams across the company to assess the safety

and environmental sustainability of our products, and the processes

used to manufacture them. As part of our Responsible Innovation

approach, we design safety and sustainability into our products and

manufacturing processes using the best science available. See Safety

and Environmental Science (/about/innovation/safety­and­

environment/) for more.

We monitor and track consumer and customer feedback to proactively

address potential product quality or safety issues. Sometimes mistakes

can be made in the end to end value chain that potentially impact

product safety or product quality. A product might, for example, have a

quality defect or a contamination of the raw materials or a mislabeling

of ingredients. If this happens, protecting consumers' safety is our

number one priority and when it is necessary, we will recall such

products from the marketplace.

Related links



Consumer safety
(/about/innovation/safety­and­
environment/)



FDA 2017 recalls, market
withdrawals and safety alerts
(https://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/A
Page=1)

We track the number of product incidents we have globally. Unilever classifies them into those that could potentially

impact consumers’ safety and incidents that could potentially seriously impact product quality. Wherever and

whenever these shortcomings occur we investigate them fully, identify the root cause and capture them within a

‘lessons learned’ document which is then deployed throughout the end to end value chain order to prevent a

recurrence.

Over the last five years, market place product quality incidents have reduced by 54%. All improvements have been

driven by focused improvement projects targeted at improved risk reduction measures in our manufacturing sites and

those of our suppliers.

Unilever’s intention is to achieve zero quality incidents in the very near future through the application of World Class

Manufacturing and the application of other targeted programmes. Our target for 2018 is to reduce quality incidents by

a further 50%.

Separate to our market place incidents are our public recalls where we, as a company, recall or correct particular

products for the protection of the public. The table below shows public recall data since 2013.

Number of public recalls

2

5

5

6

2

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

In 2017, two public recalls took place; one as a result of undeclared food allergens, and the other as a result of

microbiological spoilage. No consumers were harmed as a result of these incidents.

Continued focus on quality

All 140 of Unilever Foods and Refreshment sites are certified to Food Safety System Certification scheme FSSC

22000, a Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) benchmarked standard. In addition, with support from the British

Standards Institute and Industry partners, we have developed and published an equivalent standard for Home and

Beauty & Personal Care manufacturing facilities (PAS420), which has been adopted by an independent 3rd party and

converted into a certifiable scheme HPC420.

Unilever will continue to work with external organisations and the authorities to develop more rigorous product

vulnerability risk assessments and counter measure programmes that will help prevent malicious or economically

motivated adulteration.

We continue to work in partnership with research organisations, industry partners, NGOs and regulators to

strengthen consumer confidence in our products, and to work with them to try to find alternative ingredients, where

appropriate. In 2017 we created an online platform which provides information beyond what’s given on labels, such

as our approach to developing safe products, explanations of ingredient types and answers to common questions.

For more information, please see what’s in our products (/brands/whats­in­our­products.html).

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

Research with stem cells
There are several types of stem cell and it is important to distinguish between those derived from

humans, other animals and plants as well as between adult, embryonic and induced pluripotent stem

cells (generated artificially via reprogramming of adult cells).

Background
Stem cells have indefinite self­renewing capacity and are the only cells

to be active throughout our entire life. They divide and differentiate into

many different types of cells.

Given their unique regenerative abilities, stem cells offer many

potential therapeutic benefits (in areas such as leukaemia, Parkinson's

disease and the repair of damaged tissues) and health/beauty benefits.

They are important research tools used to model aspects of human

biology (such as skin biology and hair biology) that are difficult to study

in detail by other means. They are also used to investigate the effects

Downloads

of ingredients on specific biological processes.

Unilever's position

We do not undertake any research with embryonic stem cells. We

support research with adult human stem cells and plant stem cells

only.

We conduct all our research and innovation responsibly, in full

compliance with the highest safety, ethical, legal and regulatory

standards and requirements.



Research with stem cells
position statement
PDF | 467KB
(/Images/research­with­stem­
cells­position­
statement_tcm244­
423163_en.pdf)

We work in partnership with leading scientific experts to investigate the potential applications of stem cell technology,

including health and beauty benefits for consumers.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

share an interest in a sustainable future.

CONTACT US

Science with objectivity and integrity

Science with objectivity and integrity is a key foundation to Unilever’s

approach to responsible innovation.

Unilever is committed to investing in science and scientific research

that enhance our knowledge and understanding of how food, nutrition,

home and personal care products can benefit public health and well­

being, and how the environmental, societal and economic impact of

our products can be improved.

We champion responsible research and development (R&D) and are

committed to the application of high standards of quality to all our

scientific activities. We adhere to the following principles to govern our

Related links

scientific research:

Scientific robustness



Innovation in Unilever
(/about/innovation/innovation­
in­unilever/)

Hypothesis driven: Scientific research should be hypothesis driven

and follow the principles of scientific rigour. This includes discussion

of any limitations or challenges of the work in order to ensure objective and robust critique and evaluation.

Scientific criteria: All scientific research, irrespective of the source of the research, should meet the universal

scientific criteria in terms of methodology and design, data quality and validation, and statistical analysis. We

pursue academic consensus as the strongest demonstration of the validity and robustness of science.

Objectivity

We strive to maintain scientific objectivity as an essential requirement – including in discussions with external

parties.

We believe policy decisions must be primarily informed by objective scientific evidence. Other dimensions taken

into account in decision­making need to be made transparent.

Governance

We apply rigorous standards in our research. The leadership in our R&D organisation takes responsibility for the

adherence to these. Find out more about these standards in our  Code of Business Principles and Code

Policies (PDF | 5MB) (/Images/code­of­business­principles­and­code­policies_tcm244­409220_en.pdf).

We consider independent peer review as the best method to maintain our standards of quality.

Transparency

We embrace dialogue with the world’s scientific community so we can operate at the forefront of scientific

developments. We will present key findings and research developments in international conferences or meetings

to encourage discussion and build scientific consensus.

Where we are seeking to reach scientific consensus, we will publish the science we conduct. This in particular

applies to research on the safe use of our ingredients and the potential impact of specific product/ingredients.

When we publish our scientific research, we will do so in independent, peer­reviewed journals and other

appropriate forums, which bring transparency and awareness for our consumers, regulators and sector.

We are transparent and open about our research collaborations with external partners, such as universities and

consortia.

Working with others

The world of scientific research is collaborative and we increasingly work with external partners, often in multi­

stakeholder partnerships. We apply in these collaborations the same principles as we apply to our own research.

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Tax
Tax, particularly international tax, is a key issue for us, our stakeholders and other interested parties.

The tax we pay is an important part of our wider economic and social

impact and plays a key role in the development of the countries we

operate in. We regard it as a critical element of our commitment to

grow in a sustainable, responsible and socially inclusive way. Find out

more about how  our tax contributions support the United Nation

Sustainable Development Goals (PDF | 421KB) (/Images/tax­and­

sdgs_tcm244­523215_en.pdf).

Our Code of Business Principles sets out the standards of behaviour

we expect all employees to adhere to. This is no different when it

comes to taxation. While Unilever has a clear responsibility to comply

in full with the laws in the countries in which we operate, we also

choose to do this by respecting not only the letter of the law but also

the underlying tax policy intent. Tax evasion is illegal.

We must also square our responsibilities as a co­operative, compliant

taxpayer in each and every country we operate in with the need to

support competitive business growth ­ serving all our stakeholders

including investors, suppliers and employees. Sometimes this means

that the total tax we pay in a particular country will decrease due to

changes in our business model – resulting in a change to where value

is created. For example, a decision to close a factory in a certain

country would result in a change to the amount – and the jurisdiction –

of the tax paid.

Related links



Annual Report and Accounts
PDF | 10MB
(/Images/unilever­annual­
report­and­accounts­
2016_tcm244­498744_en.pdf)



Our Governance (/sustainable­
living/our­strategy/our­
sustainability­governance/)

These are important business decisions taken to ensure our future competitiveness. While we recognise that they

sometimes negatively impact a country’s tax revenue, without taking such decisions the overall tax raising potential of

our business would decrease.

Re­building public trust in the corporate tax system is vital ­ when broader taxpayer trust in the system is damaged

people become less willing to comply and all taxpayers suffer as a result. Addressing public concerns that some

multinationals are not paying their fair share of tax, requires not only technical international tax reforms but also better

efforts to improve public understanding and awareness. Providing user­friendly information about a company’s tax

position to a broad range of stakeholders plays an important role in this.

We endorse the B Team  Responsible Tax Principles (http://www.bteam.org/announcements/responsibletax­2/)

which were developed with a group of leading companies, along with involvement from civil society, investors and

representatives from international institutions. Find out more about our  compliance with the B Team Tax Principles

(PDF | 485KB) (/Images/unilever­b­team­compliance_tcm244­523216_en.pdf).

We support the OECD international tax reform work on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS). As we operate in a

global competitive environment, we urge tax policy makers to implement international tax reform in a coherent, co­

ordinated way so that there is a level playing field and the risk of paying tax twice on the same income is minimised.

Our tax strategy
Our brands are important assets used in our business, and managing them effectively requires a global strategy.

Centralising parts of our business means we can offer consumers innovative products quickly. By bringing together

activities in one location, we create efficiencies and economies of scale which create value for our consumers and

our shareholders. As a result, there are many transactions between Unilever Group companies, and the transfer

pricing for these transactions must reflect an arm’s­length or market price. Our pricing is driven by the activities

undertaken and the value created in each part of our business.

Corporate income tax is payable on the profits made by the companies in the Unilever Group after deducting

business expenses and legislated tax reliefs ­ such as depreciation on equipment and R&D incentives ­ as provided

by the tax laws in the countries we operate in. We aim to pay the right amount of tax at the right time, on the profits

we make, and in the countries where we create the value that generates those profits. This means that we must:

Respect the tax laws applicable in each country, including not only the letter of the law but the tax policy intent

underlying the tax law

Understand how and where the different companies in the Unilever Group contribute to creating value, and ensure

that our transfer prices – the prices paid on transactions between companies in the Unilever Group ­ properly

reflect where value is created

Prepare and file all tax returns in the form specified and at the time required

Prepare and retain the documentation required by the tax laws or which will be needed to answer any questions

raised by tax auditors

Employ appropriately qualified and trained tax professionals with the right levels of tax expertise and

understanding of Unilever’s business

As the tax laws are not always clear, getting this right requires careful judgement consistently applied across around

400 corporate income tax returns that the Unilever Group files annually.

The tax authorities in the countries in which we operate may not agree with some of the judgements we make. For

the Unilever Group this happens most often in the area of transfer pricing where there can be different views from

different jurisdictions’ tax authorities of where value is created and therefore which country has the right to tax the

profits arising.

Here our biggest challenge is to ensure that we pay tax only once on the profits, particularly since the current

international system for resolving tax disputes often falls short of what is needed. We try to obtain certainty, firstly by

ensuring that our transfer pricing policies are consistently applied across the Group and, secondly by entering into

Advance Pricing Agreements with the relevant country tax authorities based on full disclosure of all relevant

information. We want to pay all the tax that is due, we just don’t want to pay tax twice on the same profits.

Exercising judgement on tax sensitive items consistently across the Unilever Group means our employees need a

common understanding of Unilever’s perspective on tax risk. Unilever has adopted a set of global tax principles

covering areas such as transfer pricing, use of tax havens and relationships with tax authorities. We believe these

principles illustrate good corporate practice in the area of tax management and tax transparency, balancing the

interests of our various stakeholders including consumers, investors and the governments and communities in the

countries in which we operate.

The tax principles are a clear articulation of our tax governance framework and Unilever’s perspective on tax risk.

Our tax principles are set out below.

Our tax principles

1. Compliance

We act at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and are guided by relevant international standards (for

example OECD Guidelines). We aim to comply with the spirit as well as the letter of the law.

2. Transparency

We are transparent about our approach to tax. We regularly put forward understandable, timely and transparent

communication about our tax policy and total tax payments.

3. Transfer pricing

We aim to pay an appropriate amount of tax according to where value is created within the normal course of

commercial activity. Any transfer pricing is always calculated using the ‘arm’s­length’ principle.

4. Structure

We do not use contrived or abnormal tax structures that are intended for tax avoidance, have no commercial

substance and do not meet the spirit of local or international law.

5. Tax havens

Secrecy jurisdictions or so­called ‘tax havens’ are not used for tax avoidance.

6. Tax rulings

We only seek rulings from tax authorities to confirm the applicable treatment based on full disclosure of the relevant

facts.

7. Relationships with governments

We respect the right of governments to determine their own tax structures, rates of tax and collection mechanisms.

8. Relationships with tax authorities

We seek to develop strong, mutually respectful relationships with national tax authorities based on transparency and

trust. Where countries have weak or poorly constructed fiscal regulation and/or institutions we support work to help

develop the capability of tax authorities and systems.

9. Accountability & governance

We ensure that as a business we have the mechanisms in place to adhere to the above principles and provide both

relevant training and opportunities for employees to raise any issues of concern confidentially, consistent with the

Unilever Code of Business Principles. We report annually to the Board on adherence to the Unilever Tax Principles.

Our tax principles in action
We set out below further details on some of our principles.

Tax havens

We use the OECD definition of tax havens and as at 31 December 2017 we have four companies in the Unilever

Group located in countries identified as tax havens: two in Panama, one in Jersey and one in the Isle of Man.

The Panama companies are both operating companies: one is a marketing and sales company and the other

provides regional services including logistics. The Jersey and Isle of Man companies are both holding companies

which are UK tax resident and therefore subject to tax in the UK. As well as these companies located in countries on

the OECD tax havens list, we had a dormant subsidiary in the Cayman Islands which has now ceased to exist.

Our relationships with tax authorities

We promote open, transparent working relationships with tax authorities and early engagement in advance of

undertaking transactions and filing tax returns.

In the Netherlands Unilever engages with the Dutch tax authorities through regular meetings, calls and

correspondence which includes discussing the tax impacts of potential future events, such as a business restructure,

in advance. This constructive cooperation and real time working results in transparency as well as faster and greater

clarity on Unilever's positions.

In the UK Unilever has an open and transparent relationship with HMRC (Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs).

Unilever and HMRC engage cooperatively with regular face­to­face meetings and telephone calls with any issues

being discussed on a real time basis, including pre­filing meetings in advance of filing our tax returns.

In Australia, we are a signatory to the Board of Taxation's Voluntary Tax Transparency Code. The Code aims to

enhance the community’s understanding of the corporate sector’s compliance with Australia’s tax laws. It outlines a

set of principles and minimum standards to guide the disclosure of tax information by businesses. Further information

on the Code and its full Catalogue of Signatories is available from the  Australian Board of Taxation

(http://taxboard.gov.au/current­activities/transparency­code­register/).

This open approach helps us with our goal of achieving certainty over tax positions ­ but such an approach is not

always possible. For example, in some developing countries we face significant challenges in reaching agreements

and in some cases find regional and national tax authorities taking different views on the same issue.

As well as engaging with tax authorities directly we also talk to them as part of trade bodies such as the CBI in the

UK and VNO in the Netherlands. We take part in working groups such as those set up to engage on new legislation

arising from BEPS. We help tax authorities develop expertise and understanding of our industry and in partnership

with the OECD Tax & Development team have run business sector knowledge sessions for tax authorities in Africa

and Latin America.

Preventing Tax Evasion and Criminal Facilitation

Tax evasion and criminal facilitation of tax evasion is illegal. The United Kingdom introduced new legislation in 30

September 2017 called the Criminal Finance Act. Part III of the Act describes a Corporate Criminal Offence for the

Failure to Prevent the Facilitation of Tax Evasion.

This applies automatically to a Corporation where an associated person (employee or third party) acting for or on

behalf of the Corporation criminally facilitates tax evasion. Acting in this way is in clear contravention of Unilever’s Tax

Principles and doing so risks criminal prosecution of the individuals involved, as well as placing unnecessary risks on

Unilever. We maintain a zero­tolerance approach to dealing with such behaviour.

We have followed HMRC’s guidelines to improve prevention procedures both in the United Kingdom and across

Unilever and continue to adopt reasonable prevention procedures, which are proportional to the risks inherent in our

business.

Accountability & governance

We report to our Board’s Audit Committee on tax strategy and provide updates on tax regulation and key tax

challenges we are facing. The Audit Committee receives an annual update on the Group’s effective tax rate, tax

provisions, key tax issues for the coming year, and compliance with our Tax Principles.

We have a Tax Principles scorecard to assess whether material transactions or changes in the way we do business

comply with our Tax Principles. The scorecard is completed by our Tax managers and reviewed by senior members of

our Tax team. Material transactions must be scored against the various Tax Principles and the transactions will not be

approved unless they achieve a certain score. In 2017 a total of 25 scorecards were completed.

Tax function responsibilities & organisation
Unilever’s Tax team is part of our Finance function, which reports to the Group Chief Financial Officer. Our Executive

Vice President Global Tax leads a senior team of around 80 people with specific geographic and technical

responsibilities, including specialists in Transfer Pricing, Indirect Taxes and Employment Taxes. Advice is sought from

external advisors on material transactions and whenever the necessary expertise is not available in­house.

The Tax function is organised on a global basis which ensures we have consistent tax policies, strategies and

processes, and can invest in the team’s continuing professional development. Most of our Tax team work with our

operations in a country with only a few central roles, allowing the Tax team to stay closely connected to Unilever’s

business and the tax developments in country.

Managing our tax risk
As a business, we are subject to taxation in the many countries in which we operate. The tax legislation in these

countries differs and is often complex and subject to interpretation by management and the government authorities.

Recent developments in the international tax arena have increased the likelihood of changes to tax systems in the

countries we operate in and this creates added uncertainty.

The risks are managed through our Tax Risk Framework and monitored through a web­based tool for collecting

details of all our corporate income tax exposures and provisions. We use the tool to collect details of all exposures

and provisions on a quarterly basis. It has an approval process for any new provisions or changes to existing

provisions, and also includes an Annual Compliance Checklist, in which countries confirm that they have met all their

statutory tax obligations, that their controls are operating effectively and that all tax positions are in compliance with

our Tax Principles.

We have a tax compliance tracking tool to centrally monitor the filing of all corporate income tax returns and related

tax payments. A key way to manage tax exposure is to be as “current” as possible in agreeing the final tax liability for

the tax year with the tax authority, so we monitor and seek to minimise the number of open tax years where final

agreement has not yet been reached.

Our Tax Risk Framework
The Tax Risk Framework sets out the key tax risks and the mitigating actions that Unilever takes to

manage and monitor those risks. There are five key risk areas covered by the tax risk framework –

policy, governance & organisation, people, compliance & documentation, reporting & risk

management.

Tax in our Annual Report and Accounts
The Unilever Group consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial

Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Unilever’s business generates considerable tax income for the governments in the countries in which we operate. In

addition to corporation taxes, we pay and collect numerous other taxes. These include employee taxes, sales taxes,

customs duties and local transaction taxes. During 2017, we made global tax payments of €8.3 billion (our Total Tax

Contribution). This comprised €3.9 billion of taxes borne by Unilever, and €4.4 billion of taxes collected from

employees and customers on behalf of governments. The “Other taxes” include sustainability taxes, stamp duties

(and equivalent), excise duty, service taxes, property taxes, local business taxes, social and educational taxes.

Total taxes borne by type (2017) 

11%

17%

Corporate tax paid (57%)

Sales taxes (8%)

Customs duties (7%)

Employment taxes (17%)

Other taxes (11%)

 
57%

7%

8%

The chart below further breaks down the corporate tax paid by Unilever (€2,164 million) by region and by the top

three largest countries within these regions.

Corporate tax paid by region (2017)

34%

13%

53%

Outer ring: by region

Total Americas (34%)

Total Asia / Africa (53%)

Total Europe (13%)

Inner ring: by country

USA (13%)

Brazil (9%)

Mexico (4%)

Other Americas (8%)

India (18%)

Indonesia (8%)

Philippines (5%)

Other Asia / Africa (22%)

Germany (2%)

Switzerland (2%)

France (2%)

Other Europe (7%)

There are a number of reasons why the corporate tax cash payments in a particular year will be different from the

corporate tax charge in the financial statements, including:

Timing differences: Tax payments relating to a particular year’s profits will typically be due partly in the current

year and partly in the following year.

Deferred tax: The Group tax charge includes deferred tax which is an accounting adjustment arising from timing

differences. Timing differences occur when an item has to be included in the financial statements in one year but

is required to be taxed/deducted for tax in another year.

Uncertain tax positions: Unilever is subject to taxation in the many countries in which it operates. The tax

legislation of these countries differs, is often complex and is subject to interpretation by management and the

government authorities. These matters of judgment give rise to the need to create provisions that may result in a

tax payment in future years. We make provisions against individual exposures and take into account the specific

circumstances of each case, including the strength of technical arguments, recent case law decisions or rulings on

similar issues and relevant external advice. The provision is estimated based on the individual most likely

outcome approach. Approximately two thirds of our uncertain tax provisions relate to judgements on transfer

pricing where there is the potential for disputes due to tax authorities potentially having a different point of view on

where value is created.

Our Effective Tax Rate (ETR) in 2017 was 21%. This is our worldwide corporate tax charge in the Unilever Annual

Report and Accounts of €1,667 million, shown as a percentage of the worldwide Group profit before tax.

Note 6A (p105 of the 2017 Annual Report and Accounts) to the Group consolidated financial statements provides a

tax reconciliation on a Group basis of the 2017 effective tax rate of 21% to the expected tax rate of 26% (the

weighted average rate applicable in the countries where we made our profits).

It also shows our underlying effective tax rate of 26%; the difference between this and the reported rate of 21% is due

to the tax impact of non­underlying items and in particular to the impact of US tax reform where we recognised a

€578 million benefit, primarily due to re­measurement of US deferred tax assets and liabilities at the new lower 21%

federal tax rate. In addition, where there is a requirement to prepare local company financial statements, this will also

generally include an effective tax rate reconciliation for the local company.

The main reconciling items in the 2017 financial statements between the expected rate of 26% and the underlying

effective tax rate (26%) include:

1. An aggregate increase in the tax rate of 5% due to

withholding taxes on dividends paid by subsidiary companies, which cannot be offset against any other taxes due

(2%)

business expenses that are not allowed as a deduction for tax purposes (1%)

withholding taxes on other cross border payments such as royalties and service fees, which cannot be offset

against any other taxes due (1%)

the impact of unrecognised deferred tax assets (1%)

2. An aggregate decrease in the tax rate of 5% due to

benefits from preferential tax regimes that have been legislated by the countries and provinces concerned in order

to promote economic development and investment (4%), see further detail below re tax incentives.

other favourable items including settlements with tax authorities (1%)

The Group’s future tax charge and effective tax rate could be affected by several factors including changes in tax

laws and their interpretation and still to be determined tax reform proposals in the EU and Switzerland, as well as the

impact of acquisitions, disposals and any restructuring of our businesses.

Tax incentives
Tax incentives are government measures that are intended to influence business decision­making or to encourage

businesses to invest in a particular way by reducing the amount of tax they have to pay. A number of the territories in

which we operate offer incentives of various kinds. We seek to use these incentives where they are aligned with our

business and operational objectives and where they require economic substance in order for the tax incentive to be

granted.

Spotlight

Tax incentives in practice

Turkey

Turkey provides tax ınvestment regimes for large industrial projects. Currently Unilever has two projects

benefitting from the incentive. The first is an ıce cream factory and the second is a factory which makes

cleaning and beauty & personal care products, both located in the province of Konya in Central Anatolia. The

incentives are granted to help develop this and other regions in Turkey. The benefit is in the form of a lower

tax rate on the profits generated from the sale of goods manufactured in those factories.

India

India provides tax incentive regimes to encourage research and development activity in the country. Currently

Unilever participates in an incentive regime which relates to research and development carried out on eligible

products. These include a wide range of home and beauty & personal care products such as detergent and

body wash. The incentive comes in the form of enhanced corporate tax deductions for the associated costs,

including capital costs on relevant plant and machinery.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

around the world.

Human microbiome
The human body contains trillions of micro­organisms. They are present all over the body including on

the skin and in the digestive system. The collection of these organisms is called the microbiome and it

is unique to each of us.

The microbiome is an exciting area of scientific discovery and

understanding. A balanced microbiome containing a diversity of

organisms helps to maintain health and is essential for human

development, immunity, health and wellbeing. Each of our individual

microbiomes adapts throughout our lifetime and people can achieve a

healthy microbiome in different ways.

At Unilever, we work to enhance the health and wellbeing of people all

over the world. One way we do this is by supporting people to have a

healthy and balanced microbiome; ensuring the microbiome is resilient;

and by promoting and stimulating the growth of good bacteria.

We work with world renowned experts to understand the microbiome and develop products that are specifically

designed to support it. For example, good hygiene practices such as hand washing and mild cleansing can help to

preserve a balanced microbiome and enhance the skin’s natural defense immunity; a healthy oral microbiome helps

to prevent gum disease; and a balanced gut microbiome can positively affect our metabolism and how we process

energy from food.

We have a global team of expert microbiologists who are dedicated to this area of research. We quickly adopt new

techniques once they are validated and develop new techniques ourselves. We are supporting research to build even

more knowledge and understanding of this vast and continuously developing area of science. All of Unilever’s

products are thoroughly assessed to be both effective and safe.

CONNECT WITH US
We're always looking to connect with those who

CONTACT US
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

Wipes
Wipes offer a quick, effective and convenient cleaning solution for our consumers. There are lots of

different types available ­ from face cleansing wipes to kitchen surface or bathroom cleaning wipes.

Some wipes are designed to be flushable, while others have to be

disposed of in general household waste to avoid them blocking sewers

and potentially contributing to marine litter.

To help ensure that non­flushable wipes are not mistakenly flushed

down the toilet we are committed to giving consumers clear information

about the right way to dispose of them.

For our non­flushable wipes, we will always include a clear “do not

flush” logo on the front of the product’s pack. In accordance with the

industry standard, this logo will also be visible near the point of the

wipe’s extraction from the pack.

Related links



EDANA
(http://www.edana.org/)



INDA (http://www.inda.org/)



Waste & packaging
(/sustainable­living/reducing­
environmental­impact/waste­
and­packaging/)

CONNECT WITH US

CONTACT US

We're always looking to connect with those who

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist

share an interest in a sustainable future.

teams in our headquarters, or find contacts

      

around the world.

Contact us 

This is Unilever's global company website

© Unilever 2019

Our Sustainable Living Report Hub Business growth should not be at the expense of people and the planet.

That’s why we’re changing the way we do business, and why we want to change the way business is done.

We want to help create a world where everyone can live well within the natural limits of the planet.

By using our resources as a business to address issues such as health and hygiene, gender equality, climate change and plastic packaging waste, we are delivering short term and long term benefits for our shareholders and society.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) is our blueprint for achieving our Vision to grow our business, whilst decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing our positive social impact.

Launched in 2010, the USLP is driving value for our business, our people and our consumers.

It’s creating sustainable growth through brands with purpose ( sustainable living our strategy embedding sustainability ), cutting business costs, reducing risks and helping us to build trust to generate long term value for the multiple stakeholders we serve.

But we don’t have all the answers and the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by one company alone.

Systems level change needs collaboration to succeed.

Our USLP is made up of three big goals and commitments across nine pillars, supported by targets that span our social, economic and environmental performance across the value chain.

It contains stretching targets, including on how people use our products and how we source raw materials.

Our Sustainable Living Report 2017 Our annual Sustainable Living Report is published across the Sustainable Living section of our website.

Our Sustainable Living Report details our performance against the USLP’s goals, commitments and targets, as summarised in the graphic below.

For each of the nine pillars of the USLP, we set out our strategy, our targets and performance and how we are taking action to drive value for our business and society.

The Sustainable Living Report also includes comprehensive coverage of Our approach to reporting ( sustainable living our approach to reporting ) including Materiality ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ) and Assurance ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ).

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan sets out to decouple our growth from our environmental footprint, while increasing our positive social impact.

Our Plan has three big goals to achieve, underpinned by nine commitments and targets spanning our social, environmental and economic performance across the value chain.

By 2020 we will help more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well being.

By 2030 our goal is to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our products as we grow our business.

By 2020 we will enhance the livelihoods of millions of people as we grow our business.

Independently assured by PwC ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance index.html).

Our environmental targets are expressed on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

In seven water scarce countries representing around half the world's population.

In 2017 around 370,000 women accessed initiatives under both Opportunities for Women and Inclusive Business.

By 2020 we will help more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well being.

Our performance: Health hygiene By the end of 2017 we had reached around 601 million people through our programmes on handwashing, safe drinking water, sanitation, oral health and self esteem.

Our performance: Nutrition In 2017, 39% of our portfolio by volume met the highest nutritional standards.

Our approach Lack of safe drinking water, and poor sanitation and hygiene, cause millions of preventable deaths each year particularly among children.

By 2020 we will help more than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene.

This will help reduce the incidence of life threatening diseases like diarrhoea, which is one of the main causes of deaths in children under five.

Today, more than 1.9 billion adults are overweight that’s 39% of the world’s population with 40 million children classified as obese.

At the same time, micronutrient deficiencies are estimated to impact over 2 billion people.

By 2020, we will double the proportion of our portfolio that meets the highest nutritional standards, based on globally recognised dietary guidelines.

This will help hundreds of millions of people to achieve a healthier diet.

Our approach encompasses health and hygiene and improving nutrition.

We are uniquely placed to deliver change at scale as we are the only multinational consumer goods company with a portfolio across Beauty Personal Care, Home Care, Foods and Refreshment.

The business case is compelling delivering our commitments is driving more growth, lower costs, less risk and more trust.

Working with partners dedicated to health, hygiene and nutrition, to broaden our impact.

Health hygiene Lack of safe drinking water, and poor sanitation and hygiene, cause millions of preventable deaths each year particularly among children.

The World Health Organization estimates that tackling these interconnected issues has the potential to prevent at least 9% of global disease, and 6% of all deaths.1 Evidence shows that people will be healthier and happier, and communities more productive, if they have improved access to better sanitation, safe drinking water, and basic levels of hygiene.

This is essential to lifting people out of poverty.

Our health and hygiene brands Lifebuoy, Domestos, Signal, Pureit and Vaseline aim to improve health through better hygiene.

These everyday products soaps, toilet cleaners and toothpastes as well as our innovative water purifiers, can help prevent disease and improve people’s health and well being.

Many people worldwide suffer from low self esteem and feel anxious about their bodies.

And this can have a knock on effect on their personal lives and careers.

Through Dove, our leading Beauty Personal Care brand, we’re helping women and girls to be confident in their own bodies and build their self esteem.

The Health hygiene pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) primarily contributes to two of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): Good Health and Well being (SDG3) and Clean Water and Sanitation (SDG6).

Our strategy Our aim is to help more than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene by 2020.

Addressing health hygiene makes business sense Addressing social challenges is good for society and good for business.

Many of our programmes drive growth directly our oral care, handwashing and sanitation programmes are strong examples.

When more people brush their teeth, use soap regularly, and have access to sanitation, their use of toothpaste, soap and toilet cleaner increases.

Domestos is helping to give people access to improved sanitation which drives market development for our business.

We run many of our health and hygiene initiatives through brands in our Beauty Personal Care division.

This is the largest product category in our business with 20.7 billion turnover in 2017 and accounts for 39% of our turnover and 46% of our operating profit.

It is home to brands such as Dove, Signal and Lifebuoy.

Lifebuoy is the world’s number one antibacterial soap brand.

Our Home Care division generated turnover of 10.6 billion in 2017, accounting for 20% of our turnover.

It includes our water purifiers Pureit and Qinyuan as well as Domestos, our market leading toilet cleaning brand, which has a strong presence in emerging markets.

Domestos is helping to give people access to improved sanitation and driving market development for our business.

Our approach Providing quality, affordable products is only part of the solution to improve health through hygiene.

A big part of our work is encouraging people to adopt healthy habits.

Studies show that most people know they should brush their teeth twice a day, and wash their hands with soap after going to the toilet and before eating, but often they don't.

As one of the world's leading consumer goods companies, making products that people use every day, we understand the triggers, barriers and motivators that generate sustained behaviour shifts.

Underpinning our approach is our behaviour change model, the Five Levers for Change (PDF 3MB).

This is a set of principles that when applied consistently, increases the likelihood of creating a lasting impact.

We use this knowledge, coupled with our expertise in marketing and in delivering campaigns at mass scale, to catalyse enduring change in everyday behaviours.

Innovation We’re using our expertise to come up with innovative products that can help more people live healthier lives.

For example, Lifebuoy’s new Mickey Mouse No Touch Foaming Hand Wash, launched in China in 2017, makes it fun for children to wash their hands properly.

Our water purifiers offer water that is not only safe and convenient to use, but that tastes good too.

We have extended their appeal by communicating superior safety and have introduced models that tackle increasing problems such as removing total dissolved salts (TDS) from drinking water, and models that dramatically improves the removal of the pesticide residues that are frequently found when washing leafy vegetables.

Advocacy partnerships In July 2010, through Resolution 64 292, the UN General Assembly explicitly recognised the human right to water and sanitation.

It acknowledged that safe and clean drinking water and sanitation are essential to full enjoyment of life and all human rights.

Unilever respects these rights by ensuring that we operate our business in a way that fulfils the human right to water, as defined by the UN Human Right to Water Policy.

We’ve also signed the World Business Council for Sustainable Development WASH Pledge to ensure access to Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) in all our factories, plantations and workplaces.

Heads of state from all around the world gathered in New York in September 2015 to adopt the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, resulting in 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

SDG6 focuses purely on water and sanitation, aiming to ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all.

We worked with others to call for hygiene to be included as a key component within this SDG and welcomed the inclusion of indicators measuring access to handwashing with soap facilities.

Through our brands, behaviour change programmes and by joining forces with others around events such as the UN General Assembly, Regional Water, Sanitation and Hygiene summits, and World Toilet Day with our partners, we’re contributing towards achieving SDG6.

Partnering with organisations who share our ambition to improve health through better hygiene is critical to our programmes achieving a positive impact on a large scale.

We work with partners in many ways, including: joint advocacy programmes to raise the profile of issues scaling up existing programmes piloting initiatives and securing additional funding to increase the impact of our joint investment.

Businesses are well placed to work with governments, civil society and development agencies to drive transformational and sustainable change at scale.

Whether it’s through our understanding of consumers, knowledge of behaviour change, the design of innovative products, our ability to deliver programs at mass scale or the provision of financing, we bring a host of resources and knowledge to the table that can strengthen our collaborations.

And in turn, improve people’s health and well being while simultaneously growing our business.

Catalysing interested groups to come together around a shared objective is something we have found particularly useful.

The Toilet Board Coalition is one example which Unilever was a founding member of a global, business led alliance of companies, investors, sanitation experts and non profit organisations, which aims to develop sustainable and scalable solutions to the sanitation crisis.

Our commitment By 2020, we will help more than a billion people take action to improve their health and hygiene.

This will help reduce the incidence of life threatening diseases like diarrhoea one of the biggest causes of deaths in children under five.

Progress to date Seven years into our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we’ve learnt that it’s possible to reach people at scale.

By the end of 2017 we had succeeded in reaching around 601 million people: over 426 million people with Lifebuoy over 10 million with improved access to a toilet1 nearly 78 million with our toothpaste brands 29 million through Dove self esteem programmes 2.6 million through Vaseline’s Healing Project and over 55 million with safe drinking water from Pureit.

Pureit also provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water.

We continued to help improve sanitation through our global partnership with UNICEF, began our Creating Sustainable Sanitation Markets programme in partnership with Population Services International (PSI), and rolled out sanitation initiatives in schools.

Lifebuoy runs one of the world's largest handwashing programme.

In order to reach our 1 billion target, we are finding ways to deliver effective handwashing behaviour change at an even lower cost.

Currently, Lifebuoy only counts those people reached through on ground programmes.

However, we have long believed that the totality of our marketing efforts are contributing to changing handwashing behaviour, including mass scale TV advertising.

So, to test this, we ran a study in India our biggest market to assess the effectiveness of specific Lifebuoy TV adverts, using the same methodology that we use to evaluate our on ground programmes.

The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap after people watched the adverts.

This result demonstrates that mass media can promote and impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to reach millions more people through our Lifebuoy brand and potentially bringing us closer to our 2020 target of reaching 1 billion people.

As a next step, we are progressing peer review publication and aim to include TV reach in our Health Well being performance figures for 2018 alongside our on ground programme reach.

For our range of water purifiers, our immediate priority is to strengthen and expand operations in existing markets.

Acquiring the Qinyuan water purification business in China in 2014 added to our capabilities.

However, to build scale, we need stronger distribution and after sales service capabilities.

We also need to build further partnerships with micro finance institutions to make purifiers more affordable to low income consumers.

Having clean, safe toilets in schools is important for pupil’s health and particularly for girls’ participation in school as poor toilet access is a key reason why girls skip or drop out of school when they start having their periods.

But for toilets to be used continually over time, a fundamental shift in behaviour is needed.

So, we are supporting initiatives that drive behaviour change through a number of different routes, such as continuing our support of UNICEF’s sanitation programme.

We are also supporting the operation and maintenance of toilets in schools through behaviour change interventions, to ensure that school toilets are kept in a clean and working condition, so they can be continually used over time.

Taking action We are making a big impact on health and hygiene by promoting handwashing, safe drinking water, sanitation, oral care and self esteem.

And we’re aiming to lessen the impact of disasters and emergencies.

Targets performance We have set ambitious targets to meet people’s needs for good health and hygiene.

By 2020, we will help more than a billion people to improve their health and hygiene.

This will help reduce the incidence of life threatening diseases like diarrhoea.

Around 601 million people reached by end 2017 through our programmes on handwashing, sanitation, oral health, self esteem and safe drinking water: over 426 million people with Lifebuoy over 10 million with improved access to a toilet nearly 78 million with our toothpaste brands 29 million through Dove self esteem programmes 2.6 million through Vaseline’s Healing Project and over 55 million with safe drinking water from Pureit.

Pureit also provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water by the end of 2017.

By the end of 2017, we had reached around 601 million people, up from 538 million in 2016.

Our Signal and Pepsodent toothpaste brands reached their 2020 target of reaching 50 million people early, and by 2017 had reached nearly 78 million people through our Brush Day Night campaigns.

Dove achieved its 2015 target a year early and reached nearly 20 million by 2015.

In 2016 we extended our target to reach a further 20 million young people our ambition now is to help a total of 40 million young people improve their body confidence and self esteem by 2020.

In 2014, we introduced a new target for sanitation, with Domestos working with UNICEF to scale up sanitation improvement initiatives.

Over 2012 2016, we enabled over 10 million people to gain improved access to a toilet.

And in 2017, we introduced a further target: though our Vaseline Healing Project, we aim to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020.

By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline Healing Project, setting us on our way to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020.

Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and indirect initiatives over 2012 2016.

Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

By 2020 our Lifebuoy brand aims to change the hygiene behaviour of 1 billion consumers across Asia, Africa and Latin America by promoting the benefits of handwashing with soap at key times.

Our major challenge is scaling up programmes cost effectively.

Since 2010, we have made strong progress, reaching over 426 million people and developing models which more than halve the cost per contact.

However, our current programmes rely on direct contact interventions.

Although we have reduced the cost per contact while maintaining effectiveness, we are constantly identifying new channels to optimise costs further and enabling us to reach greater scale each year.

We are continuing to evaluate how partners and the use of new technology can help to deliver behaviour change more efficiently and effectively, for instance by using new channels and targeting key moments.

While our programmes have focused on reaching children and mothers on ground, we have long believed that the totality of our marketing efforts are contributing to changing handwashing behaviour, including mass scale TV advertising.

So, to test this, we ran a study in India our biggest market to assess the effectiveness of specific Lifebuoy TV adverts.

We used the same methodology that we use to evaluate our on ground programmes.

The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap after people watched the adverts.

This result demonstrates that mass media can promote and impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to reach millions more people through our Lifebuoy brand and potentially bringing us closer to our 2020 target of reaching 1 billion people.

As a next step, we are progressing peer review publication and aim to include TV reach in our Health Well being performance figures for 2018 alongside our on ground programme reach.

Pureit provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water by 2017.

In 2017 alone, Pureit provided over 11 billion litres.

Our range of water purifiers is available in 12 countries: Bangladesh, Brazil, China, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Philippines and Sri Lanka.

The combined populations in these markets represent half the population of the world.

Over 2005 2017, we provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water, with over 11 billion litres in 2017.

We expanded our business in China with the acquisition in 2014 of the Qinyuan Group, China’s largest water purifying company.2 Water purification is a growing global category for our business, with underlying sales growing by 7.7% in 2017.

We continue to enhance our product offerings to appeal to consumers across different income levels and markets.

Our most affordable model costs around 20 in India (INR 1,500), with an ongoing running cost of just over one euro cent for just over three litres of safe drinking water.

This is lower than the cost of boiling water and significantly less than buying bottled water.

The new metric also allows us to capture the ongoing consumption of safe water (litres) that is a stronger surrogate measure of the ongoing health impact, versus just providing one off devices.

It improves on our previous metric of people reached, which measured sales of our purifiers multiplied by the average household size to give a number of people reached on average by each device.

By 2020 we will help 25 million people gain improved access to a toilet by promoting the benefits of using clean toilets and by making toilets accessible.

Over 2012 2016, we helped over 10 million people gain improved access to a toilet.

When we added this target to the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2014, we became the first company to make a commitment to improving sanitation on this scale.

Over 2012 2016, Domestos’s partnership with UNICEF has helped over 10 million people gain improved access to a toilet.

Sanitation is one of the most complex areas of development.

We are working with partners to roll out quality sanitation programmes with increasing speed and scale.

In 2017, we continued our global partnership with UNICEF and rolled out sanitation initiatives in schools.

In 2016 we opened our pioneering Suvidha Centre in India, a sustainable community centre for over 1,500 people in low income households, offering toilets, handwashing, showers, washing machines and safe drinking water at below market prices.

Results are reported by UNICEF in accordance with its methodology and includes reach from direct and indirect initiatives over 2012 2016.

We will use our toothpaste and toothbrush brands and oral health improvement programmes to encourage children and their parents to brush day and night.

We achieved our target early, reaching over 50 million people.

By 2017, our total increased to nearly 78 million.

Signal Pepsodent’s mission is to improve oral health by encouraging families to brush morning and night using fluoride toothpaste.

Research shows that long term brushing habits are best forged during childhood, so we focus on instilling good habits from an early age, and encourage positive parental role modelling.

Our Brush Day and Night campaign, a fun and engaging school programme, has been proven to increase brushing frequency by 25%.

In 2017, this Sustainable Living brand grew by 4% globally.

With our Dove brand we are helping millions of young people to build up positive body confidence and self esteem through educational programmes.

In fact, we reached nearly 20 million by 2015, and in 2016 we extended our target to help another 20 million young people by 2020.

This figure grew to 29 million in 2017, setting us on our way to our ambition to help 40 million young people.

We achieved our 2015 target a year early and reached nearly 20 million by 2015.

To keep up our ambition, in 2016 we extended our target to reach another 20 million young people our aim now is to help a total of 40 million by 2020.

In 2017, we continued to accelerate the reach and quality of the Dove Self Esteem Project, developing cost effective impactful implementation strategies.

Dove celebrated its 60th anniversary by renewing its vows to women everywhere through the Dove Real Beauty Pledge.

On top of our school curriculum, we’re working with the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts to get the message across to more young women.

Our Free Being Me programme has reached 4 million girls in over 125 countries since 2013 and we’re aiming to reach 6.5 million by 2020.

In 2017 we developed a new badge programme, called Action on Body Confidence, to build up girls’ advocacy skills, allowing them to act as a life changer in smaller communities and reach even more girls.

Dove is one of our fastest growing Beauty Personal Care brands, and grew by 6% in 2017.

Though our Vaseline Healing Project, we aim to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020.

By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline Healing Project, setting us on our way to help heal the skin of 5 million people by 2020.

By the end of 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline Healing Project, which has helped heal the skin of people living at the frontline of disasters and emergencies since 2015.

The Vaseline Healing Project is run in partnership with the international relief organisation, Direct Relief.

Since 2015, we’ve donated 3.3 million jars and bottles of Vaseline Jelly, as well as providing expert skin care and training for local health workers.

The Vaseline Healing Project is committed to training local healthcare workers.

In 2017, we trained 563 primary healthcare workers in dermatology to help diagnose and treat skin conditions across India, South Africa and Mexico.

In areas of prolonged need, such as Jordan, we provide support through skin care missions and product donations.

In 2017, we established a full time dermatological team, enabling year round treatment across three refugee camps.

We are well on our way to achieving our 2020 target to heal the skin of 5 million people.

Healthy handwashing habits for life Through Lifebuoy, we aim to help 1 billion people around the world improve their handwashing habits by 2020.

Every 23 seconds, a child dies from either pneumonia or diarrhoea worldwide.

It can reduce the spread of pneumonia by 23% and diarrhoea by up to 45%.

However, washing with water alone isn’t enough to clean hands.

Through Goal 6 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals ensure access to water and sanitation for all governments around the world have committed to promoting the importance of handwashing with soap.

And that’s where we come in and where we’ve been since 1894.

Brothers making it their purpose to make cleanliness commonplace’.

In 1894, the brothers launched Lifebuoy soap to combat cholera in Victorian England and make health and hygiene accessible to everyone.

Its unique Activ Silver ingredient gives unbeatable protection from 10 infection causing germs.

We democratise world class hygiene by making it available at the price of 0.06 for a bar of soap because we believe best in class hygiene should be a right for everyone, not just for the few who can afford it.

We’ve been encouraging healthy handwashing habits for over 100 years Soap only works if it’s used effectively and people wash their hands at the critical moments of the day, that is before eating and after going to the toilet.

America, Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.

To do this, in the early twentieth century, Lever Brothers supplied people with charts to record whether they had washed their hands with soap before eating and after using the toilet daily.

Today, we run one of the largest handwashing behaviour change programmes in the world that follows some similar principles, while we continue to innovate.

These five principles focus on awareness, commitment, reinforcement and reward to encourage children and their families to adopt healthy handwashing with soap habits that last ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life helping people get into healthy hygiene habits ).

America through schools, health clinics and community outreach programmes, with proven results.

A randomised control trial in Mumbai carried out in 2008 studied the programme’s impact on health.

It showed a 25% reduction in incidence of diarrhoea, a 15% reduction in the incidence of acute respiratory infections and a 27% reduction in school absence.

A new paradigm of behaviour change While our programmes have focused on reaching children and mothers on ground, we have long believed that our total combined marketing efforts including mass scale TV advertising are contributing to changing handwashing behaviour.

For this, we used the same methodology that we evaluate our on ground programmes.

The study showed a significant increase in the frequency of handwashing with soap after people watched the adverts.

This result demonstrates that mass media can promote and impact positive health behaviours at scale, giving us the opportunity to reach millions more people through our Lifebuoy brand.

Hygiene performance figures for 2018 alongside our on ground programme reach.

Governments worldwide are increasingly adopting mobile technologies to deliver public services in areas related to agriculture, education, health and livelihoods.

For example, Bangladesh performs close to the regional average, with 87% of the population being subscribers.

Given these adoption rates, Lifebuoy has designed a behaviour change programme on the importance of handwashing with soap using mobile technology.

Piloted in 2016, this service aims to reach out to women in media dark areas, providing free advice to mothers on their child’s health in the comfort of their home.

The service is based on a missed call mechanism, whereby a mother makes a missed call.

The system then calls the mother back and begins with establishing whether the mother is a pregnant woman, a mother with a newborn or has school age children.

Health information is then shared with the mother, adapted according to her child or children’s ages.

Lifebuoy’s School of 5 comic book, which aims to make handwashing cool for kids.

The characters come to life in animations, radio shows, music, games, and school visits.

They each have an important message to get across wash your hands at five key moments in the day: after going to the toilet, before breakfast, lunch and dinner, and in the bath.

Available in 19 languages, the School of 5 comic book has reached over 300 million people worldwide.

Face washing to combat trachoma Face washing can prevent the world’s leading cause of preventable blindness: trachoma.

To prevent and control trachoma, one of the World Health Organization’s recommended strategies is face and handwashing with soap.

Aiming to impact trachoma, we partnered with international NGO Sightsavers, and have adapted our schools handwashing programme to include face washing in order to address this issue.

Our Lifesaver Volunteer programme Begun in 2014, our Lifebuoy Lifesaver Volunteer Programme harnesses the energy and enthusiasm of teenagers and college students, helping them make a difference in their communities through teaching the importance of handwashing with soap.

Volunteers to run Lifebuoy’s School of 5 programme in schools.

World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) and AIESEC, the global youth led non governmental organisation (NGO).

Heroes for change In Kenya students are being recruited as agents for social change in a new volunteer programme launched in 2017.

The Heroes for Change’ programme is a volunteer led model, designed to change handwashing behaviours among children and mothers.

Sightsavers and the Standard Media Group, the programme has identified university students as an untapped force for good, as they’re known in their communities and so ideally placed to help activate change.

Student volunteers from five universities train over a six month period to work towards improving health and well being in their home communities.

By teaching children early about the importance of handwashing, we can help them make healthy habits part of their routine for life and also reach their families.

They develop much of their behaviour during their primary school years and love sharing what they learn.

Since 2010, we’ve trained almost three million students across Indonesia in partnership with the Indonesian government, teaching them about the importance of handwashing with soap.

These Little Doctors’ have in turn reached over 15 million people, teaching them about handwashing and health.

This movement reached over 1.5 million students in 2017 alone.

Association of Girl Guides and Scouts (WAGGGS) in India, more than 1,200 girl guides and scouts have become handwashing heroes by promoting this lifesaving habit within their local communities.

School of Five (https: www.youtube.com watch v D3I_lmqfK0A).

Helping mums protect precious newborns Over 40% of deaths under five occur within the first 28 days of a child’s life.

Every year, 2.9 million newborn babies die over a third of them from infections.

To help tackle this issue, we teach handwashing habits at neonatal clinics and through home visits to new mothers.

Since 2011, we’ve reached more than 20 million mothers across Asia and Africa.

Our largest programmes in Indonesia and Vietnam are run in partnership with government enabling health workers and the Women’s Union to teach mothers about handwashing with soap.

Powerful storytelling through Lifebuoy’s Help A Child Reach 5 campaign Lifebuoy’s Help a Child Reach 5 campaign uses films to emphasise the importance of handwashing with soap in the month after birth.

India and Eunice (https: www.youtube.com watch v 0v8qP4nCs2Y) in Kenya, have for their unborn children.

Sangrahi’s film Chamki has won 35 industry awards.

Handwashing Day (GHD) across more than 100 countries.

The campaign used the power of social media to raise awareness about the importance of handwashing with soap through a high5forhandwashing selfie, engaging over 60 influencers globally with over 70,000 high5forhandwashing selfies uploaded.

In addition to our digital reach, over 100,000 children across the world were taught handwashing by Lifebuoy teams on GHD itself.

Working with partners to reach more people It’s not just celebrities who can help us get the message across.

Partnerships are the backbone of our handwashing behaviour change programmes and we work closely with governments and NGOs to enhance our reach and impact.

But we can’t do it alone, so we’re working in partnership with a number of organisations to create the change needed to address the global health challenges.

Revitalise the global partnership for sustainable development.

The private sector can contribute towards cost effective WASH solutions and support programmes that drive sustainable change at scale.

Oxfam to create a customised programme for use in emergency settings the first of its kind to promote handwashing with soap on key occasions (before preparing food, before eating, and after toilet use).

The aim of the programme is to prevent the spread of diseases in emergency settings through reaching mothers in villages affected by natural disasters or in refugee camps.

At the centre of the programme is a story about a Mum and her magic hands, told through the eyes of a little girl.

Mothers nurture their kids against all odds and their magic hands put their children to sleep, clean them, help them learn to walk and soothe away their pain and washing those magic hands can prevent their children getting ill.

The story is brought to life through a series of taught sessions, with activities and stickers to promote and reinforce the practice of handwashing with soap at home and in the community.

The programme was successful in improving handwashing, reaching 900 mothers across earthquake affected areas in Nepal.

We’re now working with Oxfam to share our programme findings with the objective of offering the full suite of materials developed to all humanitarian based organisations who aim to improve handwashing with soap in emergency affected areas.

Together we’re working to promote handwashing with soap and the benefits of vaccinations two of the most successful and cost effective ways to save children’s lives to parents and healthcare workers in India.

Maternal and birth attendant hand washing and neonatal mortality in southern Nepal.

Helping people get into healthy hygiene habits We have the brands and brand power to reach billions of people worldwide.

Simple everyday actions to improve hygiene saves lives It’s not easy to change the habits of a lifetime.

So we came up with our behaviour change methodology, Five Levers for Change (PDF 4MB) ( Images slp_5 levers for change_tcm244 414399_en.pdf), to make good hygiene habits part of people’s daily routine.

We use them in all our behaviour change programmes: handwashing, toothbrushing ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene improving oral health ) and using toilets ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene toilets for a better tomorrow ).

Five Levers for Change These five principles are the rock of our approach to changing people’s behaviour and maximise our ability to create a good hygiene habits that last a lifetime.

We wanted to find ways to encourage people to use soap at the five occasions that have the biggest health impact: washing hands after going to the toilet before breakfast, lunch and dinner and while having a bath.

People commonly wash their hands with water alone and not soap believing that if their hands look clean they are clean.

Germs which are invisible to the naked eye are a major cause of illness.

To help people understand germs and their dangers, we make the invisible visible through a powerful demonstration.

UV light, we show how washing hands with water alone is not enough to remove the speckles of powder.

Hands may look clean but when you shine the UV light they’re still covered in speckles.

It is only when you wash with soap that hands are speckle and germ free.

For a new behaviour to become a habit, it needs to be seen as easy to do and to fit into daily routines.

So we make it easy for people to remember when they need to wash their hands through songs, stories, diaries, rewards and daily sticker charts for children.

All these and other little reminders at home and at school help make handwashing part of kids’ and adults’ daily routines.

At the end of the day, people don’t usually do something unless they want to.

So we make it fun with our School of 5 comic books and stickers.

Mouse No Touch Foaming Hand Wash offers children and their parents a completely new handwashing experience.

Using Unilever patented technology, it’s been designed to inspire and teach previously reluctant children to wash their hands with soap voluntarily.

A blinking light guides child to rub their hands together for ten seconds, helping them to develop good handwashing habits.

The electronic device delivers a perfectly sized squirt of instant foaming Lifebuoy soap every time a hand is waved beneath its inbuilt sensor.

Studies show that people who commit to a future action in public are more likely to stick to it.

Our Lifebuoy school programme uses the Classroom Soap Pledge.

By asking kids to stand up together in class and promise to wash their hands, we’re also making it a way to win approval from teachers and classmates.

Pledging is also an important part of our mothers’ programme as it brings the family together to pledge to take care of the health of their baby.

We want to make people feel good for improving their hygiene habits.

For example, kids get a reward if they successfully complete their handwashing diary for a full three weeks.

In 2017, we launched a campaign in India showing how the active ingredients in our Lifebuoy soap bar can help people with low incomes to reduce costly medical bills.

The unique Activ Silver ingredient in our Lifebuoy soap bar kills germs, helping to prevent disease and infection, and reduces the need for expensive medical treatment.

And Lifebuoy’s Rs10 soap bar the equivalent of just 0.13 contributes to approximately half of Lifebuoy’s sales.

Central to the campaign was breaking gender stereotypes, reversing the roles of mother and father to engage as many people as possible.

We launched a TV advert, featuring a real life celebrity couple, Ajay and Kajol Devgn.

Ajay is the concerned father, whose son is suffering from a stomach ache.

When his son voices his discomfort, Ajay wants to help his son but worries about the cost of seeing the doctor.

Continuing the role reversal, the mother played by Kajol appears as a doctor, reminding Ajay that a stomach ache is caused by germs and of the importance of washing hands with soap.

It was important for us to embrace Unilever’s unstereotype approach to advertising, by featuring a father in the parenting role and a woman doctor, says Abhiroop C, Lifebuoy Global Brand Director.

In contrast to our earlier ads, where mothers sought help from male doctors, this time the woman is the hero of the story.

She enlightens the family, giving them confidence and knowledge on the right solution to prevent infections.

Consumers have told us they feel female doctors empathise with their plight more than male doctors.

For us, this change to our advertising has also been good for our business.

In India, our market share has increased since launching the campaign launched.

How do we measure and evaluate whether people are actually adopting better handwashing habits We do this by finding inventive ways to track what they actually do not just what they claim to do.

Monitoring and evaluation are at the centre of our behaviour change programmes.

However, measuring a socially desirable, healthy behaviour like handwashing is notoriously difficult.

Most people know they should wash hands regularly, so there is a significant risk that people overclaim how much they are washing their hands if you simply ask them directly.

One of the ways we overcome this and other challenges is through our sticker diary methodology, specifically designed to evaluate handwashing behaviour.

The diaries are tailored to local routines for parents and children.

Respondents use the diary to track a whole range of daily activities in a pictorial format.

For parents, typical activities range from preparing and eating meals to doing the washing up and shopping, as well as washing hands and bathing.

For children, typical activities include going to school, doing homework, playing as well as washing hands and bathing.

This approach means respondents don’t know which daily behaviour we are specifically interested in making it less likely they will overclaim how often they handwash to show they are doing the right thing.

In Ghana, the kids we reached through our programmes washed their hands more often and more thoroughly spending 40% longer washing their hands every day.

And 5 they made an impression on their parents too, who used 18% more soap as a result.

Additionally, our neonatal programmes deployed in Kenya and India on the ground and mobile have also shown significant improvement in handwashing with soap on key occasions, with overall handwashing with soap habit improving by at least one occasion.

The results of our pilot handwashing programme in Nepal the first programme of this kind to be deployed in an emergency setting showed significant increases in handwashing with soap before eating and preparing food (18% and 17% respectively).

The programme was piloted in Nepal following the earthquake in 2015.

Providing safe drinking water We’re providing people with access to something that many of us take for granted safe, affordable drinking water.

Access to safe drinking water is a basic human right that people simply can’t live without.

Yet it’s something that one in nine people still don’t have.

That’s 844 million people at risk of life threatening waterborne illnesses.

Unsafe water contributes to chronic problems like undernutrition and stunted growth.

Affecting 159 million children under five, stunting can have a long lasting impact on physical and mental development.

Lack of access to safe water or indeed, any water is compounded by the rise in droughts and flooding as a result of climate change.

We’ve developed a simple, affordable solution to help more people get the safe drinking water they need, directly contributing to UN Sustainable Development Goal 6: ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all.

A solution that anyone, anywhere can use Many people simply cannot afford clean and safe drinking water, or live in places that don’t have clean and safe mains water supplies.

We set out to overcome this barrier by inventing a way to purify water which would be affordable for those who need it most.

Kit to remove harmful viruses, bacteria, parasites and other impurities from water in line with strict international standards without boiling.

There’s no need for gas, electricity or for a continuous water supply.

For just one Indian rupee (just over one euro cent), someone can have 3.2 litres of drinking water.

Tapping into opportunities to support people and our business A decade after it was launched, Pureit is still the world’s most advanced home water purification system.

We now offer around 22 different models the most affordable is just 1,500 Indian rupees ( 20).

Environmental Protection Agency’s criteria for microbiologically safe drinking water.

It has already protected over 80 million people from waterborne illnesses.

Available in 12 countries, Pureit is the most widely used system for home water purification.

Pureit puts safe drinking water on the menu for millions of people who couldn’t afford it before.

But even one rupee for over three litres is too expensive for some.

Children are most vulnerable to the effects of unsafe drinking water.

It can stunt their height, and frequent diarrhoea and other infections from waterborne diseases can mean they fall behind at school or drop out altogether.

On World Water Day in March 2017, we pledged that no child will be left behind.

So we’re working with non governmental organisations (NGOs) and microfinance organisations across Asia and Africa to put Pureit within reach of even the world’s poorest communities.

Many people in India can’t afford to install and run a Pureit unit at home.

But at the community water plants, they can buy 20 litres of water for just 8 10 rupees.

We’re looking at different models to serve communities with accessible and affordable clean drinking water where it is most needed.

And we see big possibilities in community water plants, which provide clean drinking water from a central point.

In 2017, we began partnering with Water Health International (WHI) global experts in community water systems.

By setting up community water plants, we can reach families who can’t afford to have their own Pureit system at home.

So far, we have set up four pilot plants in the city of Tumkur, which are managed by WHI.

The health of the environment and the people in it are inextricably linked.

Pureit not only cuts the cost of safe drinking water, but also reduces the environmental impact.

At the same time, we’re creating new innovative solutions to keep people safe from toxins or pollutants in their local environments.

All in the WASH Improving access to safe drinking water is just one part of our work around water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) in impoverished communities worldwide.

We’re partnering with others to create transformational change that is, systems change by running programmes and raising awareness of WASH issues.

As well as extending access to safe drinking water, our WASH programmes and partnerships also aim to change handwashing habits ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life ) and extend access to toilets ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene toilets for a better tomorrow ).

Toilets for a better tomorrow We’re taking action against poor sanitation to free millions of people from indignity and disease.

Incredibly, one in three people on the planet doesn’t have access to a clean, safe toilet.

Almost 892 million people are still forced to defecate in the open.

As a result of the lack of sanitation, every two minutes a child under five dies from a disease linked to unsafe water and sanitation.

We believe access to sanitation is a basic human right.

Clean, safe toilets can free people from a life of indignity and disease.

Development Goal 6: ensuring access to water and sanitation for all.

We’re contributing to this goal through the power of our Domestos brand and global reach.

Since setting our sanitation target in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2014, we’ve helped over 10 million people gain improved access to a toilet.

Our leading toilet hygiene brand, Domestos, has a global partnership with children’s charity, UNICEF.

It is through this partnership that we have been able to help millions of people gain improved access to a toilet.

We support government efforts to build more toilets and have helped build over 220,000 toilets so far.

But our main focus is on encouraging people to use toilets where they are made available and keep them clean to prevent disease, especially in schools.

Starting in the classroom We’ve found that by educating children about the importance of good hygiene habits, they in turn influence their families.

Domestos is also working with other NGO partners to run school programmes in eight countries in Asia, Africa, South America and Eastern Europe.

Together we’re improving toilet facilities in schools and providing education about healthy sanitation and hygiene habits.

With fewer sick days as a result, we’re helping kids to stay healthy and in school.

From building toilets In India, there’s a big push from the government on toilet construction.

From 2014 through to June 2017, we ran the Domestos Toilet Academies (DTA) programme under the local brand name Domex.

The Academies trained local entrepreneurs to sell, install and maintain clean and safe toilets.

At the same time, the entrepreneurs educated people about the importance of sanitation and hygiene.

From 2015, we have also worked with Population Services International (PSI) building on their existing partnership with the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation to implement DTA in Bihar, India.

We also worked with micro finance organisations to help poor families pay for a toilet.

And we liaised with suppliers to help communities save money by buying materials in bulk.

However, we noticed a trend that just because people have a toilet, doesn’t necessarily mean they will use it.

The toilets may not function, they may not be maintained and or hygienic.

That’s why we’re not just improving access to toilets, we’re also encouraging people to maintain them.

This behaviour change programme is being piloted across 400 villages in the Chitoor district in Andhra Pradesh.

It aims to reach 40,000 households, helping them to be free of open defecation in the next three years.

In 2017, we also published a guide for those who want to promote the demand for and use of toilets.

It provides insights and inspiration to help with the design, planning and implementation of behaviour change programmes.

Mumbai’s largest slum to see firsthand how a brand like Domestos can help.

I met a lady called Shruti, who really showed me the challenges facing people without access to clean, safe toilets.

She lives with her mother in law, husband, and their two children.

This is a 10 minute walk away, and is used by thousands of people.

Going to the toilet at night especially, puts herself and her children at risk.

Governments are starting to provide more toilets, but after seeing the toilets in the slum, it was clear to me that the problem isn’t just about building toilets.

It’s about ensuring they are well maintained and operational so they are fit to be used.

Shruti’s dream, like so many others, is having access to a clean, safe toilet.

And that’s where brands like Domestos can come in.

Domesto’s school sanitation programme is reaching millions of people and teaching them the importance of keeping toilets clean and maintained.

With the power of Domestos, I’m proud that we’re helping to make a real difference.

Protecting people also helps us build our business We’ve seen that communicating Domestos’ brand purpose is good for raising awareness of the importance of sanitation.

Poland, our school sanitation programmes contributed to a 20% boost in brand awareness.

By communicating on packs, we’re also helping consumers get involved in improving access to toilets.

For every specially labelled pack of Domestos purchased, we are donating 5% of proceeds to UNICEF’s sanitation improvement programmes.

The growth of our Domestos brand is fuelling innovation, research and development to meet people’s needs.

For example, we’ve developed new low cost products such as the Domex Toilet Cleaning Powder for people in rural areas who may never have had a toilet at home before.

We’re also exploring new commercial models to offer sustainable sanitation solutions ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene toilets for a better tomorrow supporting sustainable sanitation solutions ).

Most of these new homes will be for low income families, so they’ll need a low cost solution to keep their toilets clean and hygienic.

Our new Domex Toilet Cleaning Powder removes all germs at an affordable price.

Since then, we have also started selling this innovation in other states in South India, helping more people to keep their toilet clean.

Supporting sustainable sanitation solutions We’re exploring new models to help more people use safer toilets.

Rethinking community hygiene In some areas, people simply can’t afford a toilet of their own.

But poorly maintained community facilities can put them at risk of disease.

Situated in Azad Nagar, Ghatkopar, one of Mumbai’s largest slums, the Centre has reached over 1,500 people since it opened on World Toilet Day 2016.

Greater Mumbai and Pratha Samajik Sanstha, a non profit community organisation.

In 2017, through the Toilet Board Coalition, we also ran a one year programme supporting Samagra, a social enterprise which refurbishes run down community toilets in India and which received mentoring from our Domestos Global Brand Director.

For a small monthly fee, Samagra enables families to use clean, safe toilets and other related services.

More than 3,000 employees at 25 of our factories in India are embracing a new role as agents of change.

Society for Technology and Action for Rural Advancement (TARA). Together, we are creating a 21 day Swachhata Curriculum for clean habits 21 days being the recognised period for effective behaviour change ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life helping people get into healthy hygiene habits ).

Maharashta Government, the Swachhata Curriculum has become part of the state school curriculum.

This means it now benefits more than 120,000 children in rural India.

A student from Indrathana ZP school in Yavatmal, Shweta refused to go back to school until her father built her a toilet at home.

TRANSFORM in 2015, with an ambition to bring private sector creativity and commercial approaches to solve persistent global development challenges, including sanitation.

Asia, which have already benefited over a quarter of a million people.

The next phase of TRANSFORM will build on this and serve as a basis for collaboration with additional partners to further catalyse impact at scale, to help as many people as possible.

Supporting sanitation entrepreneurs through the Toilet Board Coalition We brought together businesses, NGOs, academics and social entrepreneurs to establish the Toilet Board Coalition in 2014.

Its Toilet Accelerator helps small sanitation enterprises drive business growth and become sustainable in the long term.

Clean Team Ghana, for example, provides in home toilets that don’t require plumbing.

Twice a week, waste is collected and safely disposed of.

Beevor, our VP Household Cleaning and Chairman of the Toilet Board Coalition, the business is growing.

It aims to supply 10,000 households in Kumasi, the country’s second largest city.

Well maintained toilets also present a whole new opportunity for business, society and the environment.

Toilet Board Coalition to explore the business case for a circular sanitation economy.

The idea is to turn human waste into valuable resources like fertilisers, animal feed or protein.

Sanitation companies in Africa are already beginning to turn this vision into reality.

Sanitation economies are developing in Ghana, South Africa and Kenya, driven by companies with a clear vision.

WASH in the workplace It’s not enough to install facilities and change behaviour at home.

People need access to toilets throughout the day, which means they need good sanitation at work.

Nine out of ten jobs in developing countries are created by private enterprises.

And we’re part of WASH4Work, a group of businesses and public organisations mobilising efforts to improve access to WASH for employees, as well as in our supply chains and surrounding communities.

Clean, safe toilets are just one part of our wider WASH activities, which also include safe drinking water ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene providing safe drinking water ) and handwashing ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life ).

Improving oral health We’re promoting better oral health with a simple but effective message: brush your teeth day and night.

This might seem like a minor complaint, but it can have a big knock on effect on health, well being and productivity.

Toothache is the number one reason for kids missing school in many countries.

Poor oral hygiene can lead to long term health issues and life threatening illnesses such as heart disease.

The solution is simple: brush teeth regularly with fluoride toothpaste to prevent decay.

Stronger teeth means stronger markets for our toothpaste An estimated 3 billion people don’t brush their teeth twice a day.

Most use less than half the toothpaste dentists recommend for brushing properly.

And 1 billion or more don’t use fluoride toothpaste at all.

That’s a big prospective market for our oral health brands like Signal and a lot of people we can help.

Mentadent (in Italy), Aim (in Greece) and P S (in Vietnam).

Worldwide, we’ve reached nearly 78 million people, vastly exceeding our original target ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene ) of 50 million by 2020.

The 420 estates that supply our tea business in Sri Lanka are sprawled across vast areas around 200,000 hectares in inaccessible regions.

For the 1.5 million people living there, it’s tricky to get to a dentist or even to a store to buy essentials that most people take for granted.

In 2016, we selected five estates to pilot our Perfect Estates programme, based on the needs of the communities.

And we’re teaching children at 100 estate schools how important it is to brush their teeth and eat healthily.

New stores on site give estate workers and their families easy access to hygiene essentials like toothpaste and soap.

The stores give us a new market too for brands like Signal and Lifebuoy.

The power of partnerships: oral hygiene in Hungary By partnering with retailers, we’re able to touch even more lives and strengthen our relationships with customers too.

A significant number of Hungarian children have bad teeth because they are not taught oral hygiene from an early age.

So far, the programme has helped to educate more than 10,000 children aged 6 8, and their families, at home and in schools on toothbrushing and oral hygiene.

For residents of Greece’s isolated Aegean islands, a trip to the dentist can mean a major expedition.

The specially fitted van has everything needed for oral health check ups, right down to the dentist’s chair.

For over 25 years, people all over Greece have been met by the smiling face of our driver, Costas, as the mobile clinic does the rounds.

And we’ve given more than 300,000 children dental checks and training on good oral hygiene.

Together, we shared our story with consumers and raised funds through a joint cause marketing campaign.

For every Signal (AIM) product sold in AB stores, we donated five cents to support better oral health for people on 13 remote islands.

In 2017, AB’s sales of AIM products increased by 25%, and the programme has enhanced consumer loyalty to both brands.

The funds raised helped us reach more than 12,000 children in 2017.

Working with the experts to promote better brushing behaviour For over 25 years, we have been on a mission through our Signal brand to encourage good brushing habits through school programmes and free dental check ups.

Since 2005, Smile has partnered with the World Dental Federation, an independent organisation representing over 1 million dentists, to activate the Brush Day and Night campaign.

A fun and engaging school programme, it’s proven to increase brushing behaviour by 25%.

Signal also partners with the World Dental Federation to drive awareness and promote oral health on 20 March each year, World Oral Health Day.

Across 31 markets, we run online campaigns, pledges to Brush Day Night, mass toothbrushing and singing events, singing events, amongst others.

Making a change in just 21 days Little Brush Big Brush is our free interactive behaviour change game to get children excited about brushing their teeth.

Launched at the end of 2016, Little Brush Big Brush went live in a further nine markets across Asia and Africa in 2017.

Packed with entertaining animal characters, the game unfolds in a series of daily episodes delivered via Facebook messenger, text or audio messages.

Children must complete their nightly brushing challenge to unlock the next episode of the story every day for 21 days.

Why 21 days Because research shows that’s how long something needs to be practised for it to become a habit.

Change (PDF 4MB) ( Images slp_5 levers for change_tcm244 414399_en.pdf).

Starting good habits early Starting young can ingrain good habits for a lifetime.

That’s why we’re investing in programmes to teach children the importance of brushing their teeth.

Around 95% of 11 14 year olds from low income families suffer from untreated tooth decay and this is one of the main reasons for kids missing school.

That’s why we set a vision to change the oral care of 25 million children in Africa alone by 2020.

We’re going into schools across Africa to encourage children to improve their oral health by brushing their teeth day a night.

For Kosala Hewamadduma, Brand Development Director, Oral Care, the day he visited the school programme to evaluate the progress in Ethiopia changed his life.

As a father, I have never had to educate my children to brush their teeth because they have just imitated my behaviour.

But the children at the school I visited in Ethiopia hadn’t seen their parents brushing their teeth and they weren’t taught about it at school either.

On the day, once we had completed the theory part of the programme, we handed out toothpaste and toothbrushes to the children.

But they were struggling to understand what to do with them because that was the first time they had ever seen or touched a toothbrush or toothpaste.

It was a real eye opener and changed my thinking because I learnt that our Asia Brush Day and Night model wasn’t working in markets like Ethiopia.

I learned that day to change our school programme in Africa.

We introduce kids to a toothbrush and toothpaste, and now allow more time for the kids to practise toothbrushing.

By the end of 2017, Signal was the market leading toothpaste in Ethiopia.

We’ve reached over a million Ethiopian children through our toothbrushing programme and aim to reach over 10 million in the future.

Recruiting young ambassadors for oral hygiene Parents might be good at telling their children to brush their teeth, but they don’t always practise what they preach.

In Indonesia, 79% of parents tell their children to brush day and night, but don’t do it themselves.

By educating children, we also have an opportunity to reach their parents, families and communities as the kids we teach become ambassadors for good oral hygiene.

We give them practical tools, like a 21 day calendar with stickers, to keep track of their toothbrushing and their parents’ toothbrushing too.

A smiling future is our goal We’re convinced that better brushing is the key to a smiling future.

We’ve already made great strides, reaching nearly 78 million people so far.

And we want to get even more brushing night and day.

Building body confidence and self esteem Dove believes beauty should be for everyone and is inspiring millions of women and girls around the world to be confident in their beautiful selves.

Women and girls around the world are more anxious about their bodies than ever.

And when they lose confidence in their bodies, many lose confidence in themselves.

This can have a profound effect on their lives, their careers, their futures and their health.

Eight in ten girls opt out of important life activities, such as trying out for a team or joining a club at school, if they don’t feel good about the way they look.

It could even mean that they don’t want to hang out with their friends.

Seven in ten girls stop themselves from eating when they are worried about their appearance or otherwise put their health at risk by not seeing a doctor.

We want to create a world where beauty is a source of confidence, not anxiety.

Dove, our leading personal care brand, is helping women and girls realize their own beauty potential, be confident in their own bodies and build their self esteem.

Dove has believed that beauty should be a source of confidence for 60 years, and recommitted this in 2017 by renewing its vows to women everywhere.

The Dove Real Beauty Pledge Dove celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2017 by renewing its vows to women everywhere.

Instead, we feature real women introduced by their real names of all different ages, sizes, ethnicities, and hair colours, types or styles.

Flawless images of perfect’ beauty are retouched and manipulated to present an unachievable appearance.

The women you see in Dove ads are never digitally distorted.

And they have approval of the images before they are used.

Dove is on a mission to ensure the next generation of women grows up feeling positive about the way they look.

Boosting body confidence and self esteem No young person should be held back from reaching their full potential.

Since 2004, the Dove Self Esteem Project has helped 29 million young people build self esteem and positive body confidence through our educational programmes.

Our ambition is to help 40 million young people by 2020.

We work with world renowned body image experts and leading universities to develop evidence based educational tools that have a proven positive tangible impact on young people’s self esteem.

Our guides for teachers called Confident Me, for parents called Uniquely Me and youth leaders True to Me help them get young people talking about body image and build their self confidence.

The titles may vary, but the theme of all our guides is the same.

Everyone should grow up feeling confident about their looks.

The positive impact of our school self esteem programmes has been proven by academic studies.

In 2017 we developed a new badge programme called Action on Body Confidence, which intends to help give every girl a voice.

The new advocacy skills developed will allow girls to make their passion heard, allowing them to act as a life changer in smaller communities and reach even more girls.

Girl Guide delegates 20 delegates from 15 different countries aged 18 25 spoke to world leaders about what they have learned about body image in their own country and the impact they have seen it have on their peers and community.

The delegates requested for education on body confidence and self esteem to be provided to more young people, and for the issue to be addressed in each of their countries.

Dove Day for thought leaders Every year, Dove Day catalyses our employees’ efforts to help boost self esteem among young people.

In 2017, for the first time, we ran a Dove Day workshop and panel event at which, our former CEO Paul Polman, spoke for thought leaders, industry and body image experts, and influential thinkers.

Those attending were invited to see the Dove Self esteem Project in action at a London school.

Getting back to reality Seven in ten women and girls believe media and advertising set an unrealistic standard of beauty that most women can’t ever achieve.

Around 40% of women don’t relate at all to those they see in advertising.

We believe that beauty should be a source of confidence and not anxiety.

Dove is at the forefront of our efforts to Unstereotype ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ) advertising across our Beauty Personal Care, Home Care, Foods Refreshment brands.

In the UK, one in four people suffer anxiety about body image, with a recent study showing 55% of young people have been bullied about the way they look.

We co founded the national Be Real campaign for body confidence in 2014 with the YMCA and the UK Government, calling on brands to better reflect what people really look like.

It encourages people to vote with their shopping baskets by choosing brands that promote body confidence.

Real beauty, real business benefits Celebrating real beauty isn’t just building body confidence.

Ads with progressive portrayals of people are 25% more effective.

People connect with them better and talk about them more.

When women learn about Dove’s Self Esteem Project, their perception of Dove shifts and they’re more likely to buy our products.

There’s a direct link between awareness of the project and brand equity.

Self esteem: not just for girls It’s not just girls and women who are affected by low self esteem.

Over half of men have been told that a real man should behave in a certain way.

We’re tackling toxic’ portrayals of masculinity to help liberate men to be themselves and feel good about it.

A new campaign (https: www.lynxformen.com uk is it ok for guys.html) from our male grooming brand Axe asks, Is it OK for guys ’.

This is part of our broader efforts to Unstereotype ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ) advertising and change harmful social norms across our brands.

Ready to respond to disasters emergencies We’re using our resources, expertise, products, and networks to better prepare for and respond to natural disasters and support the needs of the millions of individuals forcibly displaced from their homes.

On top of this, the current refugee crisis represents perhaps the biggest humanitarian challenge the world has ever known.

An estimated 65.6 million people worldwide have been displaced from their homes by conflict, famine and persecution.

The impact of these crises natural and man made is immense.

They deprive people of their homes and livelihoods, tear families apart, devastate communities and destroy lives.

They also disrupt the supply of essential goods and services, with businesses around the world including ours feeling the effects throughout the value chain.

This is why Unilever is committed to helping people better prepare for such crises, navigate these challenging times and rebuild or settle in their new homes, while working to make our business resilient in the face of increasing disasters and emergencies.

Always be prepared Being prepared drives resilience for communities and our business.

We regularly look at which countries are most vulnerable to being affected by disasters and emergencies, and we invest to help them prepare.

By training them to create business continuity plans, we can help ensure their resilience after a disaster and help people access essential goods in times of need both of which can positively contribute to the local economy.

In addition to looking at our own business, we actively advocate for non governmental organisations (NGOs) and businesses to break down the silos that exist and work together to better prepare for crises.

Millions of people affected by crises or poverty suffer from extreme physical discomfort and infection.

This can leave them unable to work or function properly.

The cause Common skin conditions that could be treated or even prevented altogether with a simple jar of Vaseline Jelly. 82% of frontline health workers supporting people in crisis said that petroleum jelly would help them treat skin ailments better.

We’re raising awareness and funds through our Vaseline skin products.

The Vaseline Healing Project channels our support through the international relief organisation, Direct Relief.

Since 2015, we’ve donated 3.3 million jars and bottles of Vaseline Jelly, as well as providing expert skin care and training for local health workers.

In 2017, our teams of dermatologists treated 1,760 Syrian refugees in Jordan camps.

We sent almost 10,000 units of Vaseline products to support Syrian refugees in Greece and Jordan.

And we trained 563 primary healthcare workers to spot and treat skin conditions across India, South Africa and Mexico.

By 2017, we reached 2.6 million people through our Vaseline Healing Project, setting us on our way to help heal the skin of five million people by 2020.

Relief where it counts When a disaster strikes, we offer our expertise, products and funds to support emergency relief efforts and help communities address the immediate challenges that they face.

We have also created partnerships that provide immediate help.

Our soap, body wash and shampoo are part of the emergency kits distributed through Direct Relief’s networks.

Refugee communities and those affected by flood, earthquake or other natural or man made disasters are among the most vulnerable to disease.

In 2017, we teamed up with Oxfam (https: www.oxfam.org ) to create a customised programme the first of its kind in an emergency setting to promote handwashing with soap on key occasions (before preparing food, before eating, and after toilet use) to prevent the spread of diseases.

Every situation is different, so we spoke to women who were impacted by different emergencies in Nepal, Pakistan and the Philippines to help us understand the challenges they face in day to day life.

We also identified the barriers and motivators to behaviour change in each of these settings.

In response, we developed Mum’s Magic Hands, a programme that targets mothers and, through them, their families, in extremely difficult conditions.

At its heart is a story about a Mum and her magic hands, told through the eyes of a little girl.

The story is brought to life through a series of sessions, with activities and stickers to promote and reinforce the practice of handwashing with soap at home and in the community.

Nepal and was extremely successful in improving handwashing with soap knowledge and practice during the key occasions targeted.

The pilot showed significant increases in practice of handwashing with soap before eating and preparing food (18% and 17% respectively).

We are now working with Oxfam to share our programme findings with other organizations with the objective of offering the full suite of materials developed to interested humanitarian based organizations that aim to improve handwashing with soap practice in emergency affected areas.

Displaced but not forgotten: supporting refugees' long term needs Some emergencies take place over a matter of hours, others over years.

Either way, those impacted require support to rebuild their lives.

As such, we’re leveraging our brands, products and partnerships to help displaced families access everyday essentials, develop their skills and settle into their new homes.

Commissioner for Refugees (http: www.unhcr.org ) and Carrefour to help vulnerable individuals during the cold winter months.

This campaign enabled us to support hundreds of refugee families, while unlocking business growth and consumer engagement.

In Germany, we’re partnering with the Red Cross (https: www.drk.de ) to offer career coaching to refugees, with help from our employee volunteers.

In the UK, we are working with Sponsor Refugees (http: www.sponsorrefugees.org ) to facilitate refugees’ social inclusion and integration by supporting their Community Sponsorship of Refugees scheme, through which community groups take on the responsibility of welcoming, supporting and settling refugee families.

We’re using our voice as a major global business to raise awareness of the refugee crisis, engage the private sector and champion policies that support the rights of refugees.

Additionally, we committed to work with local NGOs across Europe and the Middle East to help refugees access essential hygiene products and behaviours, develop skills, and feel at home in their host country.

General Assembly alongside other business leaders.

He used his speech to reinforce the urgent need for action from the private sector.

Nearly 20,000 people have already emailed their Members of European Parliament across Europe and 17,500 have signed a petition in the Netherlands alone.

Jerry's has also launched a new ice cream flavour Home Sweet Honey Comb to support the campaign.

The packaging carries a clear message: Refugees Welcome’.

Academy gives refugee entrepreneurs the training they need to develop their own business, alongside short term jobs in our own business.

In 2017, we piloted the ICE Academy in the UK and we are extending it to Germany and the Netherlands in 2018.

We have also contributed to a report (http: bteam.org announcements new report refugees are an opportunity for humanity ) by the non profit organisation the B Team, that highlights eight ways that companies can help refugees from creating jobs to using their voice.

The report emphasises that businesses can help to change the narrative around refugees and change the system.

The programme was piloted in Nepal following the earthquake in 2015.

Our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a force for good.

Food is essential to life Food nourishes us every day.

Not only does it sustain life, it gives pleasure, brings people together and is an important ingredient in every culture.

Life without delicious and healthy food just wouldn’t be the same and many people are as passionate about food and drink as we are.

Unilever has a long heritage of quality food and drink products.

Our brands such as Knorr, Hellmann’s, Lipton and Blue Band have been offering good nutrition with great taste for over 100 years.

For more than a decade, we have been working to make our products like Ben Jerry’s, Wall’s, Brooke Bond and Flora even healthier by increasing the goodness and reducing nutrients of concern like sugar, salt and saturated fat.

We also use the power of our brands to empower people to make responsible choices.

Everything we do is underpinned by evidence backed scientific research, with a focus on the people who use our products.

We want our products to appeal to people who enjoy a healthy diet and still include occasional treats.

We are committed to ensuring our products, such as our children’s ice creams, are clearly labelled with nutritional information, available in appropriate portion sizes, and marketed responsibly.

And we continue to support education and behaviour change through our nutrition programmes.

The world’s food system is broken The way the world produces and consumes food today is unsustainable.

From over exploitation and climate change, to waste and poor diets, the food system needs fixing.

By the middle of this century, farms will need to feed an extra 1.5 billion people.1 Today, around one in nine people 800 million go to bed hungry every night.2 Meanwhile, one third of food is never eaten.

That’s the equivalent of sub Saharan Africa’s entire annual harvest, costing the global economy 750 billion and 3.3 billion tonnes of greenhouse gases, not to mention lives lost.

As the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) acknowledge, responsibility for bringing about change is widespread.

Farmers and producers need to become more efficient and adopt sustainable practices.

Business has a critical role to play in making sustainable and healthy foods and drinks the norm, and giving consumers more choice.

Nutrition is central to achieving the SDGs especially Zero Hunger (SDG2).

The Global Nutrition Report 2017 says without addressing nutrition related issues such as undernutrition, obesity, sustainable agriculture and food waste, it will be impossible to achieve many of the SDGs including No Poverty (SDG1), Gender Equality (SDG5) and Climate Action (SDG13).

The business case for action is clear: for every 1 spent on nutrition, at least 16 is returned in economic benefits.

Paul Polman, Unilever CEO food system challenges, it is an enormous business opportunity.

Achieving food security could create 80 million jobs and unlock 14 major business opportunities worth 2.3 trillion annually by 2030.

When our CEO, Paul Polman, joined global leaders in New York in September 2017 for the UN General Assembly, he affirmed the role of business in helping to deliver the food system transformation needed.

To mend the world’s broken food system, our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a force for good.

Sustainable Nutrition is a commitment from farm to fork to produce accessible and affordable nutritious food and drink with respect for ecosystems, benefiting the livelihoods of food producers and improving the health and well being of those who enjoy our products.

Continuing our work on Highest Nutritional Standards One of the key strands of Sustainable Nutrition is to continue with the work we started in 2003, under the pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme, which we formalised in 2010 as part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).

To deliver on our USLP nutrition targets which aim to reduce key nutrients of concern such as sugar, salt and saturated fat, we take a comprehensive approach.

We have assessed and continue to assess every brand and product (including joint ventures) sold in every channel, in every country.

We measure them against our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS), which are based on guidelines from the World Health Organization (WHO).

This means all our consumers will benefit from the progress against our nutrition targets.

That is also why we measure our progress on a volume (% sales volumes) rather than an SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) basis, as a better estimate of what people actually eat.

Setting our targets based on volumes encourages us to grow sales of products that meet our HNS.

We consider nutrition factors as well as sustainability and ethical criteria as part of food and drink acquisitions.

For example, the acquisition of Sir Kensington’s showed perfect alignment between our strategy and its mission and products.

Sir Kensington’s delicious food delights consumers, has less impact on the environment, and promotes nutritious cooking.

Progress to date on Highest Nutritional Standards At least 60% of our portfolio will meet our HNS by 2020.

So far, 39% by volume3 already meets these standards and we are on track to achieve this ambitious target.

A great deal of reformulation is underway in all our product categories and we have made significant progress on reducing salt, saturated fat, calories and sugar.

In 2017, the salt levels in 63% of our food products (by volume) meet benchmarks consistent with WHO recommended intakes of 5g of salt per day.

Globally, 90% of our packaged ice creams now contain no more than 250 kcals per portion.

And since 2010, we have reduced sugar in our sweetened tea beverages by 15%.

We continually share our progress and approach with nutrition and public health experts so that they can talk about the benefits of our products with consumers.

And our approach to reformulating our portfolio has been endorsed externally: we were ranked top performer in the 2016 Global Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition programmes of the world’s largest food and beverage manufacturers.

And in India, we were ranked number two in the India Spotlight Index in 2016.

A leading role in food system reform We know that to achieve Sustainable Nutrition for all, we need to work with others in the food and related industries NGOs, governments, farmers, suppliers and importantly, consumers to change the relationship between the production and consumption of food and drink.

Only by reconnecting people to the food and drink they consume will we build a new food system that supports the health of people and the planet.

At the heart of Sustainable Nutrition is our work with a range of different organisations to help deliver food system reform for a number of years.

For instance, as part of the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) New Vision for Agriculture we have advocated sustainable agriculture, contributing to food security, environmental sustainability and economic opportunity.

We have worked through WEF to partner with the G7 and G20 at a global level.

To help develop science based targets, technical solutions and policy at national and global level, Paul Polman chairs the Food and Land Use (FOLU) coalition.

This brings together over 30 organisations from academia, government, civil society and business to unlock new models of Sustainable Nutrition that work for people and the planet.

Unilever is playing a leading role in the Food Reform for Sustainability and Health (FReSH) coalition.

This was established by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the EAT Foundation to support FOLU’s ambition by developing business solutions across the food value chain.

As part of this, a Director from Unilever’s Chief Sustainability Office has been seconded to the WBCSD for one year to lead the initiative.

We are also working closely with the SDG2 Advocacy Hub a coalition of nutrition focused NGOs and businesses to use our brands, consumer insights and behaviour change expertise to build public awareness and advocate for food system reform.

Contributing to scientific progress We contribute to the latest scientific thinking on nutrition security and sustainable diets.

In 2017, for example, we held a joint workshop on sustainable nutrition with the Sackler Institute for Nutrition Science.

Participants included experts in food systems, environmental science, nutrition and food science, waste management, marketing and consumer behaviour.

We discussed a number of issues including metrics for measuring the environmental impact of production, how to create demand for sustainable, affordable and healthful food, and research needs to further inform sustainable nutrition strategies.

Scientific understanding is constantly evolving, so we collaborate with prominent research partners such as the Top Institute Food and Nutrition in the Netherlands and the Harvard School of Public Health in the US.

We research motivators for behaviour change, for example with the International Union of Nutrition Sciences.1 When we conduct research, we make sure we apply the highest standards of integrity.

And we share our findings through scientific conferences and peer reviewed publications (PDF 275KB).

We use our knowledge to play a leading role in industry wide, self regulating initiatives that encourage better products, better diets and better lives.

We take part in trade associations such as the International Food Beverage Alliance (IFBA), Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), FoodDrinkEurope (FDE), Better Business Bureau (BBB) in North America and Food Industry Asia (FIA).

And we support broad coalitions and partnerships, such as the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), Scaling Up Nutrition (SUN) and the World Food Programme (WFP).

With 8.5 billion mouths to feed by 2030, the time to act is now.

The Global Nutrition Report 2017 showed that progress, by governments, health authorities and industry, is not being made fast enough to address the dual burden of malnutrition: overnutrition and undernutrition.

We need more collective action from a wide range of stakeholders to help people change their eating habits.

In addition, we are seeing increased regulation on the food industry as a tool to help drive change and force quicker action on nutrients of concern.

We have a firmly established programme of driving down salt, saturated fat, sugar and calories in many products.

We will ensure that they continue to meet people’s taste and quality expectations, as healthy food that is not chosen by consumers has no impact.

We are stepping up our work on micronutrient fortification, for example, through iron fortified bouillon cubes in Nigeria and Kenya.

This will ensure our products reach more people, including those in lower income groups.

We are also focusing more on digital promotion of healthy recipes for our brands, using consistent standards that emphasise key nutrients as well as healthy ingredients.

While we know that much more work needs to be done, and are determined to play our part, we are pleased that our work to date has been recognised and will continue our efforts towards Sustainable Nutrition.

See our Highest Nutritional Standards (PDF 324KB) 4 For all other products in our spreads portfolio, including our m langes, we strive for the lowest saturated fat level possible without compromising on product performance and consumer and customer expectations.

Our ambitious nutrition targets have the potential to help hundreds of millions of people to enjoy great food and better diets.

We will continually work to improve the taste and nutritional quality of all our products.

The majority of our products meet, or are better than, benchmarks based on national nutritional recommendations.

Our commitment goes further: by 2020, we will double the proportion of our portfolio that meets our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS), based on globally recognised dietary guidelines.

This will help hundreds of millions of people to achieve a healthier diet.

Meeting HNS a more stringent approach by Unilever based on national nutritional recommendations is a significant commitment.

It involves reformulating our products to make great tasting food and beverages that consumers enjoy while meeting our stretching targets.

The majority of our portfolio already meets benchmarks based on national nutritional recommendations.

We are on track to meet our more stringent 2020 commitment, which means that 60% of our foods and beverages portfolio by volume and across all countries will meet our HNS (against a baseline of 30%).

By 2017, 39% met these standards.1 This equates to well over half of the servings that we sell.

A great deal of reformulation is underway in all our product categories and we have made significant progress on reducing salt, sugar and saturated fat, while also delivering positive nutrition as part of our Sustainable Nutrition strategy.

We continually share our progress and approach with nutrition and public health experts so that they can also talk about the benefits of our products with consumers.

Our approach to reformulating our portfolio has been endorsed externally: we were ranked top performer in the 2016 Global Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition programmes of the world’s largest food and beverage manufacturers.

And in India, we were ranked number two in the India Spotlight Index in 2016.

We are working hard to deliver these improvements for the millions of people who enjoy our food and beverages every day.

See a summary of our performance against our global nutrition targets in our top countries in 2017.

We assure performance on the pillars and targets of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan on a rolling basis the most recent assurance of our nutrition pillar was carried out in 2017 by PwC.

See Independent Assurance for our approach to assurance.

See our Highest Nutritional Standards (PDF 319KB).

Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Our first milestone was to reduce salt levels to 6g per day by the end of 2010.

In 2010, we stated that our ambition was to reduce salt by a further 15 20% on average to meet the target of 5g salt per day.

By 2020, 75% of our Foods portfolio will meet salt levels to enable intakes of 5g per day.

Our Foods and Refreshment category and Food Solutions professional catering business continue to implement agreed salt reduction plans, while delivering great taste.

Consumer acceptance is a key success factor for salt reduction.

Great tasting products will have the most impact because we know consumers will not give up taste for health.

We also continue to work with governments, health authorities and healthcare professionals to address the triggers and barriers that people experience in adopting healthier habits, given that current population salt intakes significantly exceed recommended levels.

We are committed to improving the fat composition of our products by reducing saturated fat as much as possible and increasing levels of essential fats.

By 2012 our leading spreads will contain less than 33% saturated fat as a proportion of total fat.

A daily portion will provide at least 15% of the essential fatty acids recommended by international dietary guidelines.

We want to improve further the fat quality of all the soft vegetable oil spreads that we sell in tubs.

By 2017, 90% of our complete global portfolio of soft vegetable oil spreads1 will contain no more than 33% fat as saturated fat and at least 67% as good unsaturated fat.

In tropical areas, without chilled distribution, the maximum saturated fat content will be set at 38%, as a slightly higher saturated fat level is required to maintain stability of the spreads.

The proportion of our global portfolio of soft vegetable spreads meeting our target increased slightly from 79% in 2016 to 80% in 2017.

This is 10% short of our goal, meaning we missed our target.

The demand for our spreads containing less saturated fat increased less than we expected.

While our spreads that are low in saturated fat still appeal to consumers, many of our lower saturated fat products are competing with products higher in saturated fat, such as butter which has a different taste and consistency.

Indeed, some of our newly formulated products now contain more saturated fat than our target, to deliver the taste and culinary performance consumers want.

This was a difficult decision, but our vegetable spreads are still the healthier option in the market compared to butter.

We believe our efforts have made a meaningful contribution to reducing saturated fat in people’s diets.

For example, we have found that promoting awareness of heart health is often more effective in collaboration with health authorities and healthcare professionals.

We are confident this legacy will continue once our Spreads business is under new ownership.

By 2012, we will have removed from all our products any trans fats originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.

By 2012, we had met our target to eliminate trans fat originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil from our products worldwide.

We undertake regular reviews of our products to ensure we continue to be compliant.

If products with trans fat originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil are found, they are reformulated.

See: Melnikov S Zevenbergen H. Implementation of removing trans fatty acids originating from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils .

This approach focuses on main ingredients in our recipes and does not include traces of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in some flavours or emulsifiers.

Prior to 2010 we had already reduced sugar levels in our ready to drink teas.

By 2020, we will remove an additional 25% sugar in ready to drink teas.

In 2017, we continued making progress, reducing sugar levels in many existing products, and launching new products with lower sugar content in many markets.

This led to a 2.8% sugar reduction in 2017 compared to 2016.

We will continue to reduce sugar levels in our tea based beverage portfolio, and to offer beverages and innovations with lower sugar content, while maintaining the taste that consumers enjoy.

By 2014, 100% of our children’s ice creams will contain 110 kilocalories or fewer per portion. 60% will meet this level by 2012.

We reached our children’s ice creams target in 2014, with 100% of our children’s ice creams containing 110 kilocalories or fewer per portion.

This achievement has been maintained every year since, including in 2017.

We were one of the first global companies to ensure that all our children’s ice creams are nutritionally responsible.

Maintaining 100% compliance remains an important goal.

We achieved our packaged ice cream target in 2015 and 2016, with 91% of our packaged ice cream by volume contained 250 kilocalories or fewer per portion.

In 2017, 90% of our packaged ice creams contained no more than 250 calories (calculated based on 94% of global ice cream sales volume).

The sales volume for indulgent products (those over 250 calories) has increased in 2017 compared to prior years.

As a result, the percentage compliance has decreased slightly to 90%, as the total sales volume of products under 250 calories per portion has not grown at the same rate.

However, our performance is still well above our 80% target.

We continue to demonstrate our responsible approach across our ice cream business, aiming where possible for products to be under 250 calories per portion, and at least 80% compliant in every market.

We continue to measure progress against our targets for transparency.

Our aim is to provide clear, simple labelling on our products to help people make choices for a nutritionally balanced diet.

Our products in Europe and North America provide full nutritional information.

By 2015, this will be extended to cover all our products globally.

We will include energy per portion on the front of pack plus eight key nutrients and % Guideline Daily Amounts (GDA) for five nutrients on the back of pack.

Our targets will respect local or regional industry agreements as well as the law in each market.

In 2015, 86% of our portfolio had full nutrition labelling on pack in line with our commitment.

In 2017, this increased to 94%.1 We are working with relevant authorities to create a positive climate for labelling and to drive further change on our products, as well as to help consumers choose healthier products.

We fell short of our target in 2015, however we remain committed to advancing nutrition labelling on our products.

In 2017, 94%2 of our portfolio was fully in line with our commitment.

Besides providing nutritional information on pack, we also provide information via our branded digital platforms and consumer carelines.

Our target is stretching, covering all our brands and markets.

We have put in place a global governance model and extensive monitoring activities to check nutrition labelling product by product.

However, while we continue to drive our labelling commitment across our total food and beverages portfolio, we have yet to reach full coverage of our portfolio.

As several countries develop their approach to a front of pack labelling system, we continue to engage with governments, NGOs and other relevant public health stakeholders.

Together, we are working towards globally harmonised transparent labelling systems that drive consumers towards the healthy choice.

It also includes the sales volumes of products from Unilever Food Solutions, and excludes products marketed through other joint ventures and distributor own brands.

Sustainable Nutrition We believe in foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a force for good.

To feed the world’s growing population, we will need more food in the next 50 years than we have in the last 10,000 years.

We need a total redesign of our global food system, to one that is productive, sustainable, nutritious and resilient, with a stronger connection between food production and consumption.

In response, we have developed a strategy to guide our business.

Nutrition is a commitment to sustainable production and consumption.

Unilever’s role in fixing the broken food system by producing nutritious food with respect for ecosystems, benefiting the livelihoods of food producers and improving the health and wellbeing of consumers.

Connecting people with purpose Every day, our brands bring millions of people together over a meal, ice cream or a cup of tea.

Our Sustainable Living brands celebrate the opportunity that consuming food and drink provides in forging connections and breaking down social barriers.

Our aim is to increase our reach to 10 million stores by 2020 and, through our brands, we are directly helping to address some of the world’s most pressing problems.

Grown for good We believe in the importance of nutritious food grown sustainably ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact ).

We will continue to explore opportunities in plant based products to respond to and influence consumer demand.

By promoting plant based alternatives and moving towards 100% sustainably sourced ingredients, we aim to reduce our environmental impact and provide consumer choice across our portfolio.

Find out more about how we are sourcing more sustainable ingredients ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition grown for good ).

Health and well being We believe in enabling people to eat healthier diets by offering healthy products that are suitable for their diet, age, lifestyle and budget.

Sales growth of our food products that have been nutritionally improved, or meet our Highest Nutritional Standards, are double that of our average foods and refreshment category growth.

A healthier diet means more variety and seasonal foods, less meat, salt, fat and sugar more natural ingredients such as fruit and vegetables, legumes, plant based food, wholegrains, healthy oils and natural drinks such as tea.

To this effect, we have committed that 60% of our total portfolio will meet our Highest Nutritional Standards.

In addition, we make sure that all our employees have access to health and well being programmes ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being ) that help them improve their nutrition.

Find out more about how we are offering healthier products ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen ).

Nutritious cooking We believe in empowering people to cook tastier, nutritious meals, with varied ingredients, in flexible ways that suit their lifestyles and budgets.

Solutions, our dedicated food service business, connects thousands of professional chefs around the world.

We will champion nutritious cooking, creating great tasting meals that are better for people and the planet, utilising our brands, extensive chef networks and key global partnerships.

Find out more about how we are promoting nutritious cooking ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition nutritious cooking ).

Food fortification We help consumers get the nutrients they need from high quality, delicious products they love, and brands they trust.

To help people with micronutrient deficiencies, we are increasing our efforts to address undernutrition.

This is roughly double the amount of servings we currently sell.

We will prioritise helping people in most need at affordable prices, and will work with key partners to develop impactful behavioural change programmes.

Find out more about how we are addressing food fortification ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen fortification to drive positive nutrition ).

We believe that by focusing on preserving our planet through sustainable production practices, we can help people throughout our value chain to thrive, while enabling our business to succeed in the long term.

We will ensure that all our plastic packaging is fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

We will also develop creative solutions to reduce food waste in the kitchen, inspiring consumers and chefs to do the same.

Find out more about how we are reducing our environmental impact ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition reducing our environmental impact in foods and refreshment ) across our food and refreshment portfolio.

Grown for good We believe in the importance of nutritious, plant based food, grown sustainably.

When choosing what foods and drinks to buy, most people consider taste as the first priority.

But today, more and more people also want to know that the products they are buying are nutritious, have been grown without harming the environment, and that farm workers have been paid fairly and treated well.

Plant based diets are becoming especially popular, with health and concern for the environment at their core.

We are committed to developing plant based products to both respond to and influence consumer demand.

By promoting plant based alternatives and committing to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably, we will reduce our environmental impact and provide consumers with more choice.

Sourcing ingredients sustainably Not only is sustainable farming better for the planet, it's shown to increase yields too.

This, in turn, boosts farmer incomes and food security.

We have committed to the sustainable sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) of our key agricultural commodities.

We buy around 2% of the world’s tomatoes for our ketchup and savoury products.

By the end of 2017, almost 100% of our tomatoes were from sustainable sources.

We buy around 1% of the global production of cocoa, the majority of which is used in our ice creams, such as Ben Jerry’s and Magnum.

In 2017, Ben Jerry’s sourced all its cocoa from sustainable sources and Magnum achieved 98%.

Our Breyers ice cream is made with real vanilla, certified as sustainably sourced by the Rainforest Alliance, and benefiting 4,000 Madagascan farmers who supply all the vanilla for Breyers.

In 2017 three years ahead of schedule all Hellmann’s products in Canada were made with 100% responsibly sourced canola oil, as well as free range eggs.

And 72% of the soy oil ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable soy and rapeseed oils ) needed for products, such as Hellmann’s, was sustainably sourced.

Our Pure Leaf teas are all sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified estates.

This certification ensures that production methods are protecting the farms’ soil and water sources, while using other eco practices like hydro electric power and planting native trees.

Pure Leaf teas come from multiple countries and make up many different varieties and flavours.

Farmers in each region adapt to their specific landscapes, employing their own unique tactics for protecting the tea they are growing while, in return, protecting the ecosystem on which they depend.

Early mornings, physical exertion and hot sun work made harder by the impacts of climate change, irregular weather patterns and increasingly strained natural resources.

This has serious implications for the future of farming communities, food and drink companies, and consumers all of whom rely on a secure supply of raw ingredients.

Fortunately, there is a solution sustainable agriculture.

Knorr’s purpose is to open hearts and minds through the power of flavour, using authentic products from natural, nutritious and sustainably sourced ingredients.

The brand has been working with vegetable and herb growers around the world since 2011.

So far, 98% of the top 13 vegetables and herbs in our Knorr sauces, soups and seasonings are sourced sustainably.

Our Knorr Partnership Fund invests 1 million every year in co funded projects with suppliers for their farmers.

This helps them meet, or go beyond, SAC requirements.

So far, we have funded over 70 projects, and farmers who’ve been in our programme for three years have together saved 10.6 million litres of irrigation water.

Farms that demonstrate the highest standards are awarded Knorr Landmark Farm status.

The Landmark Farms are passionate about sustainability and open their doors to share fascinating insights into everyday life on their farms.

Since 2011, we are proud to have helped over 30 farms achieve this status.

We also help many smallholder spice farmers in our supply chain to access training and support.

Fund for Agricultural Development to train farmers in sustainable agriculture, so they can become part of our supply chain and improve their livelihoods.

Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership on pack logo tells people that at least 50% of the product contains sustainably grown ingredients, or that 100% of the main ingredient is sustainably grown.

In Brazil, Knorr’s Know me better’ sustainability campaign reached an estimated 31.8 million people.

Spain, media coverage of Knorr’s second National Sustainable Agriculture Day reached over 12.5 million people.

Raising awareness of sustainable products helps consumers do their bit to care for the environment from farm to fork.

Sustainability is not only essential for the future of our planet, I believe it also helps deliver the very best taste.

Sustainable ingredients lead to rich flavours, sweet vegetables and feel good food all round.

Picked at their peak People are increasingly looking for foods made with natural ingredients.

Millennials, in particular, are conscious of their eating habits.

Association, millennials eat as much as 52% more vegetables than their older relatives.

This shift is inevitably changing the way people think about food.

We believe in nutritious diets, using more variety, seasonable foods, less meat, more fruits and vegetables, legumes and wholegrains, and more healthy oils and plant based foods.

Our foods and drinks help millions of people access good ingredients every day.

We carefully select ingredients at their peak to support nutritional needs.

For example, our Kissan ketchups, and Knorr soups and meal kits use vegetables as core ingredients.

In Europe, we provide around 700 million servings of vegetables every year through our soups alone.

In 2017, we incorporated even more vegetables into our products.

Israel we introduced three cooking sauces, with each jar containing 0.5 kg of tomatoes and in compliance with our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS). In Europe, we introduced five HNS compliant Knorr dry soups that contain up to 290 grams of vegetables per serving.

Flora, Becel and Rama spreads, and Hellmann’s mayonnaise are made with high quality sunflower seed, rapeseed or soybean oils all containing essential fats.

Lipton Green Tea, through various consumer campaigns.

Skillet Meals (https: www.knorr.com us en products one skillet meals.html) in the US.

These feature barley, farro, quinoa and whole wheat couscous, seasoned with herbs and spices, with no artificial flavours or colours from artificial sources.

Lever Ayush will offer a range of wholesome ready to cook breakfast mixes, inspired by Ayurveda healing practices and made with 100% natural ingredients, like the supergrain millet.

Vegetables form a significant source of essential nutrients, but average daily vegetable intake is below recommendations in both developed and developing countries.

Our dried foods include ingredients like vegetables and herbs that are harvested at their peak.

This locks in the goodness and makes food safe, nutritious, tasty and convenient.

Drying preserves the food, helping to avoid waste, and dried foods make it easier to prepare healthy, varied meals.

They can be considered a relevant source of vegetables that can significantly contribute towards the daily recommended vegetable intake.

Drying is one of the most natural ways to preserve food.

We don’t need to add any preservatives, and it protects the natural goodness and avour.

Nature’s kitchen People’s preference for natural ingredients is driving demand for alternative diets.

Hellmann’s Carefully Crafted Vegan Dressing, vegan Cornetto and Swedish Glace ice creams.

In France, we offer instant Simply Tasty Pots suitable for vegetarians which are rich in vegetables, a source of fibre and made with natural ingredients.

Vegetarian Butcher to introduce a plant based hacked mince meatballs recipe, which sold 100,000 packs within the first two months.

Mayonnaise has become the number one organic mayonnaise in the US, while doubling the value of the organic mayonnaise market.

We want to make it easier for people to find their dietary preferences on the shelf.

So, we have added the European Vegetarian Union’s logo to around 500 of our products, including Hellmann's, Flora and Knorr.

UFS works with partners to help meet consumer demand for diverse diets.

At just 14, young Richard Hellmann was already fostering a love of food as an apprentice at his local food market.

By 1913, he was married to Margaret, living in New York, and together they fulfilled their dream of opening a shop.

It was here, at Hellmann’s Delicatessen, that the legendary Hellmann’s Mayonnaise was born.

Proud of his product, Richard tied his signature blue ribbon to jars that met the highest quality standards.

And in record time, Hellmann’s grew to become the number one mayonnaise brand, thanks to its unmistakeable taste.

Today, the blue ribbon quality standard also applies to the farming practices we adopt and doing right by the people who help us make Hellmann’s.

Not just because we think it makes our products more appealing to consumers, but because it’s the right thing to do.

Europe and North America, and source 100% of our oils responsibly to make our mayonnaise.

It’s why our ketchup is made with 100% sustainably grown tomatoes in Europe and Latin America.

And why we’re always working to create new products that help fight food waste or use less energy in their production.

These farms monitor and work to improve their sustainability efforts from how they use their land, to how they reduce their carbon footprint.

The workers on the farms are passionate about improving sustainability and comply with our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code.

They are also passionate about sharing their work with the world.

For example, the Stockbrugger’s Blue Ribbon canola farm in Canada shows urban kids the inner workings of the farm.

They learn about the natural and sustainably sourced ingredients used in our Hellmann’s products.

In addition, we produced a video on Blue Ribbon farms called Project Seeds’.

As part of our Grow with Us’ campaign, we livestreamed from our Blue Ribbon farms.

This allowed people to interact with the farmers and ask them questions.

Brazilian people surveyed agreed that Hellmann’s ketchup is made from sustainable tomatoes (up from 50% before the campaign), with 89% believing that ours is the best ketchup, and 82% saying it’s worth paying more for.

We work with a variety of partners: farmers, suppliers, academics, scientists, governments, health authorities, NGOs, and even our competitors, to ensure we use the best that nature has to offer in our products.

These are supporting the transition of many smallholder farmers in our supply chain to sustainable agricultural practices.

Find out more about how we are working with smallholder farmers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods ) and our other partnerships to help make sustainable ingredients ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) more widely available.

Health well being: in our kitchen We believe in nutritious food grown sustainably.

Many people realise that what they eat influences their health, their mood, and how much they can get done each day.

LoveAtFirstTaste (https: www.youtube.com watch v xwx7NnPQ44U) advert shows, the foods we eat can even tell us about people’s personalities.

People want to feel good and food plays a central role in that.

However, the reality is that many of us don’t eat well.

In fact, almost every country in the world is facing a serious nutrition related challenge.

Heart disease is the world’s number one cause of death, with high cholesterol being one of the key risk factors.

At the same time, more than 2 billion people don’t get enough vitamins and minerals, particularly in developing and emerging countries.

Micronutrient deficiencies are usually caused by a lack of access to critical foods like fruit and vegetables.

These can make people more vulnerable to disease, impair their mental development and decrease their ability to earn a living.

Nutrition strategy both acknowledge, diet must be part of the solution to tackle the double burden of malnutrition.

A healthier diet means more variety and seasonal foods, less meat, and less salt, fat and sugar.

It means using more natural ingredients such as fruit and vegetables, healthy oils, legumes and wholegrains.

And it means consuming more plant based foods and natural drinks, such as tea.

We know that what we do in our kitchen helps you in yours.

Our chefs work hand in hand with our nutritionists around the world to ensure we offer tasty and responsible foods and beverages.

On the following pages, you will read about some of the enhancements we have made in 2017 reducing salt, sugar and saturated fats, and enhancing positive nutrition.

These improvements add up to a big impact on the health of the people who enjoy our products every day.

Pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme In 2003, we launched our pioneering Nutrition Enhancement Programme (NEP) to reduce levels of salt, saturated and trans fats, and sugar across our portfolio.

We share our progress at international conferences and publish our research such as our methodology in peer reviewed scientific journals.

We share these lessons with health experts around the world and have published our evolved approach.

In addition, we now assess our products through a Sustainable Nutrition lens to identify areas for improvement.

We use our Eco Design tool to assess choices of ingredients, formulation and packaging, against USLP targets in areas such as health and hygiene, nutrition, greenhouse gas emissions, waste, water and sustainable sourcing.

Going further We are committed to fortifying our foods and drinks, adding essential nutrients to help vulnerable people eat more nutritiously.

For instance, we have learnt that to maximise impact, we must focus on products consumed most frequently and in greatest volumes, and that taste is still a key factor for success.

Read more about how we are lowering salt ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen more taste less salt ), sugar ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen less sugar fewer calories ), calories and saturated fat ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen good fats and oils from plants ), and fortifying our products ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition health and well being in our kitchen fortification to drive positive nutrition ).

More taste, less salt We are making our foods with less salt, and even more delicious.

How much is too much Most people agree that salt makes food taste better.

It also plays an important role in preserving food.

This leads to increased risk of heart disease and stroke.

The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends a daily intake of no more than 5g of salt.

But around the world the average person eats 9 12g a day, roughly twice the recommended amount.

In Europe and North America, approximately 75% of our salt intake comes from processed foods, whereas in developing countries much of the salt is added during cooking or at the table.

Lowering salt consumption to the recommended level could save an estimated 2.5 million lives each year.

Our Nutrition and Health Director of Foods Refreshment, Karin van het Hof, gave a presentation at the 2017 International Conference on Nutrition on lowering salt through a multi sectoral approach.

She set out our belief that governments and NGOs have a role to play in raising awareness and helping to change consumer behaviour.

That’s why we have pledged (PDF 241KB) ( Images salt reduction position statement_tcm244 414411_1_en.pdf) that by 2020, 75% of our food will meet salt levels that enable intakes of 5g per day.

We reduce salt every time one of our existing products is renovated, and new products must meet the salt target to enable a salt intake of 5g per day.

We are reducing salt levels in our products in a number of ways.

We’ve found that cutting salt and complementing that with aromas, spices and herbs can enhance the salty taste and flavour and make products more nutritious.

And we sometimes use salt substitutes like potassium salt.

Potassium occurs naturally in milk, fruit, vegetables and grains, and increased intakes of potassium are encouraged in dietary guidelines.

To support the safe usage of salt replacers such as potassium salt, it’s important that they are accepted by regulatory bodies.

In 2017, we made good progress in lowering salt across a broad range of products and markets.

As our largest food brand, reformulating salt in Knorr products can have the biggest impact.

In Turkey, for example, we relaunched our four key Knorr Meal Makers with up to 38% less sodium.

In South America, we reduced salt by an average of 15% in 14 varieties of Knorr Quick Soups, and by an average 40% in Knorr reduced sodium cubes.

In India, over half of Knorr Cup a Soup variants now meet sodium benchmarks consistent with WHO recommended salt intakes.

Across Europe, we renovated 38 recipes, reducing salt by an average 8%, removing 33 tonnes from consumers’ diets every year.

Similarly, we relaunched dressings with lower salt levels.

Hellmann’s mayonnaise in Brazil a top seller in retail and food service is now compliant with our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS).

In Pakistan, Knorr Ketchup was reformulated to meet WHO recommendations.

And steady progress was made in India, where three key Kissan tomato based sauces now meet our strictest sodium benchmarks.

Israel, Ramadan soup in Turkey, and dehydrated tomato base in Mexico.

Knorr’s new line of herbs and spice seasoning contain 25% less sodium, as well as no added monosodium glutamate, artificial colours or preservatives, while still delivering the great taste consumers expect from our products.

Unilever Food Solutions (UFS) is delighting consumers eating out of the home, with tasty dishes containing less salt.

For example, in Russia, 77% of UFS products are now compliant with our HNS.

Hellmann’s ketchup (by 37%) and Hellmann’s BBQ sauce (15%).

And in India, we launched eight varieties of Knorr Chef’s Masala, which meet sodium HNS benchmarks.

Talking about salt We are talking more about our salt reduction on pack.

In particular, we’ve found that talking about lower salt, alongside better taste, is helping people to choose lower salt foods.

In China, Unilever Food Solutions won a prestigious Effie award for a digital video, engagement and product sampling campaign with 800,000 views on WeChat encouraging chefs to cook with less salt and Change for Better’.

These examples show that communicating effectively about our salt reduction efforts can encourage people to choose lower salt products, improving their health.

Multi stakeholder approach for salt reduction In addition to our salt reduction efforts, a supportive external environment is required to create consumer awareness, specific taste preferences and collaboration between the different players.

Previous behaviour change experiences have proven that a properly funded, multi faceted approach is essential for success.

For this purpose, local summits have been organised to help governments develop policies for salt reduction that are based on solid science and global insights.

In Sri Lanka (April 2016), we facilitated a conference to gain insights and identify key challenges in reducing salt in the diet of Sri Lankans.

President of the Nutrition Society of Sri Lanka, Visakha Tillekeratne explained: the purpose of this conference was to bring all key stakeholders together to develop a concerted effort to reducing salt from the Sri Lankan diet.

We are encouraged by the fact that all stakeholders have responded in a positive manner.’’ After much deliberation, this resulted in an action plan being agreed by all those involved with clear areas of responsibility and avenues for progress.

In Indonesia (July 2017), we hosted the first ever private sector conference on preventing non communicable diseases.

Fifty three participants attended, including delegates from the Ministry of Health, academia, professional organisations and industry, for the first time uniting advocacy efforts.

Dr V Prakash, Vice President of IUNS, is confident that with industry collaborations and consumer awareness, a lower salt consumption is possible.

I wish that the Indonesian group of public, private and government, do very well in this area.

Helping people understand how they can reduce salt To help people calculate their salt intake, our easy to use, online Salt Calculator has been available in 12 countries since 2014.

This helps people understand which foods contribute the most salt to their diet, encouraging them to make simple changes in their food choices.

At the 2016 Thailand Congress of Nutrition, over 90% of the 750 nutritionists and dieticians attending agreed that this is a good tool for raising awareness of salt intake.

In 2017, 4,200 consumers have used the tool in South Africa.

The salt calculator has also been a great instrument to raise awareness among governments and other stakeholders.

Going forward, we will continue to support governments and institutions in educating people about ways to reduce salt through the salt calculator or other means.

Less sugar, fewer calories We are finding new ways to lower sugar and calories in our foods and refreshments.

A global problem Today, more than 1.9 billion adults are overweight that’s 39% of the world’s population with 40 million children classified as obese.

Being overweight and obese affects 2.1 billion people, putting them at increased risk of diet related non communicable diseases like diabetes and heart disease.

We have been playing our part for more than a decade, focusing on our ready to drink tea, powdered ice tea, milk tea products and ice cream portfolio.

In 2017, we added Pukka herbal teas to our portfolio including natural, organic, and health and wellness variants.

Tea is often used to unwind from our hectic lifestyles.

As an alternative to water, health authorities recommend drinking unsweetened tea for good hydration, which is essential for wellbeing.

Nutrition Report 2017 explicitly states that sugary drinks are associated with weight gain.

We run various campaigns to convert people to drink unsweetened leaf tea.

In India, we communicated face to face with consumers about the importance of a healthy diet and lifestyle, and measured people’s body fat.

In the United Arab Emirates, our 30 Days to a lighter you’ campaign encouraged healthy living in three steps: replacing sugary drinks for Lipton Green Tea, eating lots of fruit and vegetables and exercising for at least 30 minutes per day.

The campaign reached 12 million people via digital channels.

Balancing the sugar scale By 2020, we will have removed 25% of sugar from our ready to drink tea, powdered ice tea and milk tea products.

Strawberry Melon Fountain, which meet our HNS. Under the Pure Leaf brand, we rolled out our sophisticated Tea House Collection, which also meets our HNS.

In several European markets, we introduced 30% lower sugar, low calorie and Lipton iced teas with 4.5 g of sugar 100ml.

We offer Pure Leaf with less sweetness at 3.0 g of sugar 100ml in several countries, and in Taiwan, we reduced sugar in several milk tea products by approximately 15%.

We use honey as a sweetener, for example in our Lipton Chilled with Honey in the US.

We are collaborating with universities to gain a deeper understanding of consumers’ preferences, for different levels of sweetness, in products containing reduced sugar or non nutritive sweeteners.

This will help us go further in the future, while making sure our products still taste great.

In 2017, we also introduced options with no added sugar.

For example, in Brazil we sell Lipton Green Zero with no sugar and in Ecuador, we offer Brisk Zero with no sugar.

As well as reducing sugar in teas, we are lowering it across our other products.

We are reducing sugar in our breakfast cereals in Israel.

We have already improved our recipes so that they are now all compliant with our HNS.

Most of the sugar in our foods occurs naturally in small quantities from vegetable ingredients like tomatoes and carrots.

Therefore, to have the biggest impact on public health, the focus remains on lowering salt in our Foods Refreshment portfolio.

Counting the calories On a hot sunny day, there is nothing quite like a refreshing ice cream.

Ice cream is also a pleasurable dessert all year round.

Treats contribute to wellbeing and pleasure in life, but they can add up in terms of calories consumed.

Jerry’s, Max, Paddle Pop and Popsicle we know how important it is to lower calories without sacrificing taste.

In 2014, we achieved our target for all our children’s ice creams to contain 110 kilocalories (kcals) or less per serving.

We applied our learnings to all our packaged ice cream portfolio, and in 2015 met our target to ensure that at least 80% of our packaged ice creams do not exceed 250 kcals per portion.

In China, for example, two new Wall’s ice creams are compliant with our HNS and contain 50% more fruit juice content (reconstituted).

In Mexico, we brought back our classic 'Raspatito' and in Thailand, we introduced three new variants of Paddle Pop ice creams that all meet our HNS.

We also sell mini versions of our much loved ice cream brands.

In Brazil, for example, we offer three new Cornetto options with reduced portion sizes and calories, and in India, we introduced a 36g Magnum.

Our research shows that even with treats, people look for natural ingredients such as fruit.

In 2017, we acquired the Australian ice cream brand, Weis, whose fruit containing products have a minimum of 25% fruit.

In 2017, in India, we ran a campaign to raise awareness of the milk content in our Kwality Wall’s ice creams.

And in response to consumer interest for added protein in ice cream, we launched Breyers Delights in the US four flavours of low fat ice cream that provide a good source of protein and calcium per serving.

We are now looking to launch this in other markets.

Kariot sugar reduced was launched in January 2018.

It also refers to 100ml when ice cream is sold in larger packaging such as tubs.

Good fats oils from plants We are using less saturated and more polyunsaturated fat from plant based oils.

The two sides of fat Fat is an essential part of our diet.

It helps the body absorb certain nutrients and provides us with energy.

However, too much saturated fat can increase the risk of developing heart disease, and WHO recommends replacing saturated fat with omega 3 and omega 6 polyunsaturated fats.

In most countries, people don’t eat the recommended daily amounts of polyunsaturated fats.

Love your heart We communicate about the goodness of plant based oils like sunflower, linseed and rapeseed.

We also have a long heritage of providing products that help people look after their heart health.

Our Becel Flora soft spreads and liquids are made with plant oils, containing polyunsaturated fat and vitamins A, D and E.

Becel Olive Plus in Canada, a liquid blend of canola, extra virgin olive and mid oleic sunflower oils.

This is low in saturated fat, contains no trans fat, and delivers a source of omega 3 polyunsaturated fat.

Our ProActiv ranges contain plant sterols, known for their cholesterol lowering properties.

Following the success of our 100% plant based Flora Freedom in the UK, in 2017, we launched 100% plant based Becel in the Netherlands, and Fruit d’Or in France.

Flora biscuit variants, improving their nutritional profile.

We launched a campaign communicating the goodness of the oils used in our Hellmann’s, Calv and Ligeresa mayonnaises, with media coverage exposing the myths and truths of mayo’.

Taste is central to encouraging people to switch from products higher in saturated fat.

While our spreads that are low in saturated fat still appeal to consumers, many of our lower saturated fat products are competing with products higher in saturated fat, such as butter which has a different taste and consistency.

Indeed, some of our newly formulated products now contain more saturated fat than our target, to deliver the taste and culinary performance consumers want.

This was a difficult decision, but our vegetable spreads are still the healthier option in the market compared to butter.

Becel Flora m langes are currently available in over ten countries.

Czech Republic and Slovakia, we relaunched Rama m langes alongside our regular margarines, raising awareness of their natural, plant based ingredients.

Health experts recommend that we should reduce our intake of trans fats, to as low a level as possible, to help prevent heart disease.

Trans fats occur naturally in butter, cheese and meat.

In the food industry, a process called hydrogenation is sometimes used to convert vegetable oils into solid fats for greater functionality, stability and shelf life.

When a fat is partially hydrogenated, this process produces trans fats.

Importantly, however, full hydrogenation does not result in trans fat production.

This approach focuses on the main ingredients in our recipes and does not include traces of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in some flavours or emulsifiers.

Our spreads legacy We believe our efforts have made a meaningful contribution to reducing saturated fat in people’s diets, from reducing saturated fat in our products to promoting awareness of heart health, in collaboration with health authorities and healthcare professionals.

We are confident this legacy will continue once our Spreads business is under new ownership.

The paper was selected by the Nutrition Society as paper of the Month for March 2017.

This approach focuses on main ingredients in our recipes and does not include traces of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil that may be found in some flavours or emulsifiers.

Fortification to drive positive nutrition Helping people get the nutrients they need from high quality, delicious products they love, and brands they trust.

We also fortify popular, affordable and accessible products with micronutrients in countries where malnutrition is prevalent.

Where possible, we build in fortification to our products.

For example, most of our spreads globally are fortified with vitamin A and D, and in some cases vitamin B.

Over one third of our fortified products are sold in developing and emerging countries where malnutrition is most prevalent.

We aim to offer fortified foods at an affordable price to bring them within the reach of as many people as possible.

However, producing and distributing low cost products and getting an economically sustainable margin is challenging.

Our goal is to reach more people, in more places, in a way that is economically viable.

We are committed to stepping up activities of our most popular products to address undernutrition, as this is where we can make the biggest difference through our global scale.

India, for example, is home to one quarter of the world’s undernourished people.

Women of lower social status are most at risk which can lead to them giving birth to underweight babies.

Here, we fortify products like iodised salt, which is widely available and affordable.

Annapurna Super Atta, which is fortified with iron, folic acid and Vitamin B12.

Even farmers need better diets We help farmers to learn about nutritious diets.

This not only helps them to stay healthy and productive at work, maintaining their income, but also helps to secure the supply of ingredients for our products.

Through the Seeds of Prosperity programme, Unilever, GAIN and IDH are working through commodity supply chains to improve tea workers’ and farmers’ diets and hygiene practices.

Biju Mushahary, Project Manager at GAIN, explains how the programme is benefiting women in India.

When asked about their favourite time of the day, most of the women farmers from within the tea community refer to breakfast or dinner with their family members.

Food for these women is not only an occasion to satisfy their physiological needs, but also an occasion to hear stories from their children, husband or family members.

However, knowledge on consuming a diverse diet is limited, and the concept of eating different food groups is not well understood.

A major health problem can pose a serious threat to the livelihoods of smallholders and workers.

The simple act of eating a diverse diet can help them maintain good health.

As part of our programme, individuals (mostly women) from within the tea community are selected as Master Trainers.

They are trained on diverse diet and hygiene matters, and taught to teach others.

The project was first implemented by Solidaridad as a pilot in Tamil Nadu at the beginning of 2016.

Following its promising results, the project is now being scaled up there, and piloted in Assam.

By mid 2018, it will reach 55,000 smallholder farmers' and workers' households.

Encouraging balanced eating We know that improving nutrition is best triggered by first raising awareness about the need for balanced diets.

At the same time, it’s important to understand people’s diets and cooking habits, as these vary from country to country.

Partnering with the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), we have created a global Nutrition Intervention Programme to improve the health and nutrition of 2.5 million people in rural communities.

The programme aims to reach smallholder farmers and their families.

It has a specific focus on female farmers, pregnant women and young children.

In addition to promoting the importance of nutritious foods and a diverse diet, they will be given the means to grow their own kitchen gardens.

We did this as part of our 'Prabhat' programme, which contributes to the development of local communities around our key sites in India.

The pilot taught 119 girls and women about balanced diets and healthy cooking.

It covered nutrition during pregnancy and at every life stage, and how to select and purchase food and test for adulteration.

Feedback about the pilot was extremely positive, with 595 participants becoming ambassadors of change.

We are now scaling up the programme and so far, 1,000 women have been trained.

In addition, employees from our factory in Goa taught children through our new school pilot.

Within two weeks, the team had already conducted sessions in ten government schools, teaching 1,764 schoolchildren.

The feedback from the school authorities, students and the factory team has been very promising, and the next phase of the programme will target teenage boys and men.

I have learnt a lot of good practices to be followed while cooking food.

My mother has diabetes, so I now know what should be included in her meal.

In 1838, Carl Heinrich Knorr experimented with food drying techniques to preserve and guarantee quality, flavour and freshness.

It is Unilever’s largest brand and one of the world’s largest food brands.

Knorr continues to use its scale to make a positive impact.

Nutritious cooking Knorr’s Green Food Steps behaviour change programme inspires the cooks of today (mothers) and tomorrow (teenage girls) to cook with more nutritious ingredients.

Ibadan University, proved to have a positive effect on the ingredients used in commonly consumed meals.

Fortified Bouillon Cubes In 2016, Knorr put iron and iodine fortified cubes on the shelf in Nigeria, with the ambition to help increase iron intake in a country with high prevalence of iron deficiency.

Further countries are being scoped for roll out of the iron fortified products.

Growing Business Foundation and Society for Family Health.

The women sell nutritious products, improving their living standards, and reinforcing dietary diversity to prevent iron deficiency.

World Food Day to encourage people to pledge their support for a local food bank or charity.

School meals Between 2014 and 2017, Knorr donated 3 million nutritious school meals through the WFP, providing a powerful incentive for children to attend lessons.

World Food Day 2017, Knorr donated the equivalent of one meal to WFP’s cash and vouchers programmes in the Philippines and Kenya helping people buy food and cook 1 million meals for their families, with freedom and dignity.

Knorr will continue to work with partners to make a positive impact on consumer health through dietary diversity.

Maximising our impact We know we can maximise our impact by working with others.

We are a Council member of Grow Africa and Grow Asia.

And we are active in the SDG2 Advocacy Hub, Nutrition for Growth and the EAT Forum, which all aim to tackle malnutrition.

In Vietnam, we work with the National Institute of Nutrition and Ministry of Health on the National Strategies for Food Fortification project, sponsored by GAIN.

We focus on vitamin A deficiency and since 2013 have offered Knorr fortified seasoning granules with added vitamin A.

In 2017, we sold 4 billion servings of our vitamin A fortified seasonings globally.

In Nigeria, we sold approximately 7 billion servings of our Knorr Royco iron fortified bouillon cubes in 2017.

And we began a study with Obafemi Awolowo University to prove iron bioavailability from fortified Knorr cubes.

In the Netherlands, the contribution of margarine to vitamin D intakes was published in 2017.

Media coverage raised awareness, reaching 220,000 people.

We are accelerating our fortification efforts, and by 2022 will provide more than 200 billion servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients.

We will particularly focus on addressing iron deficiency anaemia, with anaemia affecting 30% of the world’s population mostly women and teenage girls.

And by training entrepreneurs, we will ensure our products reach remote communities.

As a result of these initiatives, we can make a difference in improving nutrition and health.

The good news is we know that the economic returns from investing in nutrition are high with 16 generated for every pound invested.

It recommended increasing levels of vitamin D in margarine and milk.

The study was published in the peer reviewed journal Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism.

Informed choices We are helping people take back control of their diets.

It seems that people have never been as interested in food as they are today.

Our appetite to explore new cultures through food appears insatiable, as is sharing our latest food experiences via social media.

With ever increasing amounts of big data and mobile apps, information is empowering people to take ownership of their health.

We know that 65% of people today ask where their food has come from.

We have listened and are responding through our reformulation efforts, and by innovating to cater to different tastes and preferences.

And for consumers, we are raising awareness of healthy eating.

We want to empower people to choose healthier and know that knowledge is key.

Our experience shows that understanding is often the trigger to encourage people to take action on their health.

People want to know what they’re eating, so we explain how our products fit into a healthy diet.

Home Grown School Meals Programme in vulnerable areas.

Ministries of Health and Education, and various paediatric, dietetic and education associations for 15 years.

Scientists and academia: In the last few years, three local summits were organised in Sri Lanka (April 2016), the Netherlands (March 2017) and Indonesia (July 2017).

Sciences (IUNS) to help governments develop policies for salt reduction, that are based on solid science and global insights.

In Indonesia, this was the first ever private sector conference on preventing non communicable diseases.

Fifty three participants attended, including representatives from the Ministry of Health, academia, professional organisations and industry, for the first time uniting advocacy efforts.

A helping hand We work with a wide variety of health influencers to help people take back control of their diets and lives.

Healthcare professionals (HCPs): We share scientific insights, demonstrations, tools and product tasting so HCPs can help people live healthier.

Sustainable Diets at the Dietitians of Canada annual conference.

Nutritionists: In 2017, we hosted a Tea Academy on the goodness of tea for 60 nutrition students from leading UAE universities.

For the past three years, Unilever in the US has worked with 11 agents of change’ highly respected and influential dietitians who are active on social media.

They are helping us spread the word about nutritious recipes using our brands.

See their stories on our learn about my food’ (https: www.learnaboutmyfood.com nutrition ) website.

Around 100 participants from more than 45 retailers enjoyed demonstrations and tasters of our delicious innovations, like Hellmann’s organic mild curry flavour mayonnaise dressing.

In Lebanon and Jordan, we ran the NAMASTEA campaign with Lipton Green.

This involved four yoga sessions, promoted by four key influencers in the region, and was attended by 230 yogis.

Digitally, the campaign reached 3.8 million people.

Read more about our responsible nutrition labelling ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition informed choices nutrition labelling ) and marketing ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition informed choices responsible marketing ), as well as how we are increasing affordability and accessibility ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition informed choices affordability and accessibility ).

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Nutrition labelling Our on pack labels, as well as more detailed information online, help people understand what’s in our products.

Label literacy If you’ve ever wondered what all those percentages and charts are on the foods and drinks you buy, you’re not alone.

It’s got to the stage where most people are uncertain about what to eat or avoid.

Despite their difficulty understanding, we know that most people (72% of adults) do try to read nutritional panels to find out about the food they’re buying.

That is why in 2017, 94% of our products had nutritional information in line with our nutrition labelling commitment.

World Health Organization’s ambition of one simple, consistent global standard in front of pack labelling.

We provide consumers with high quality nutritious products and information on how to improve diets.

Labelling, including the nutrition content of our products, is an essential part of our approach.

To make sure we provide information accurately and in an easy to understand way, we invest in training on labelling.

We have designed an online course to help colleagues in marketing, R D, packaging, and external and regulatory affairs understand the information we are required to provide to consumers.

This is important because labelling has a growing role in how consumers view and trust food companies.

Clear labels help people make healthier choices Our approach to nutrition labelling is consistent across the world, covering all our brands and markets, and our governance model helps us monitor this.

In countries where our global labelling approach cannot be completely adopted due to lack of clarity on regulations, or simply because our packs are too small we make information available through our brand websites.

All health information, including the claims we make, is based on consensus from nutrition scientists and health authorities.

As part of our Unilever labelling approach, we support the use of an industry wide, voluntary, interpretative front of pack logo.

Such a logo should be based on globally agreed nutrition criteria, have recognition from non governmental organisations and industry, and facilitate consumer understanding of the food’s nutritional aspects.

We participate in the Choices Programme by using the front of pack Choices logo, in addition to existing nutrition information, to help people make informed choices.

Together with other multinationals, Unilever has established a taskforce to look into integrating portion sizes in the existing colour coded reference intakes scheme, as applied in the UK and Ireland.

The end goal is to put in place a robust nutrition labelling scheme that helps consumers make balanced and mindful choices.

Star Rating logo across our foods and refreshment portfolio, and children’s and family tub ice cream brands.

In 2017, Health Star Rating was available on over 90 Unilever products.

In Malaysia and Thailand, we are committed to applying the recently launched Healthier Choice logos.

We are also providing technical knowledge and guidance on product criteria where needed.

Big 8’ nutrients on back of pack (energy, protein, carbohydrate, sugars, fat, saturates, fibre and sodium).

Front of pack icon showing energy content as either % contribution to the daily recommendation or as an absolute quantity.

For small or unusually shaped packs, Big 4’ on back of pack (energy, protein, carbohydrate and fat) and energy per portion front of pack, provided this is legally allowed.

For very small packs, information can often be obtained through websites and carelines.

And we want to help people make better informed decisions about the foods they eat.

With so many options for food and drinks today, from organic products to gluten free alternatives, people want to know more than ever what’s in their food.

Many are also interested in where the ingredients come from and how the final product was made.

But it’s not easy to give so much information when the packaging of the products is usually fairly small.

Whether out shopping or at home in the kitchen, people can use the SmartLabel app to simply scan the product barcode or look on our brand websites.

As well as providing information like ingredients and nutrition information, SmartLabel helps people who are looking to find out more.

At the click of a button, people can quickly and easily access information about allergens and any third party certifications for ingredient standards, as well as user instructions and links to brand content.

They can even find out about the growing method and country of origin for key ingredients, all displayed in a consistent, accessible layout on a smartphone or computer.

Unilever food and beauty personal care products that you can find out more about.

Nutrition labelling is good for everyone There is evidence that supporting front of pack nutrition labelling is not only good for helping people improve their health, it’s also good for business.

A study in 2015, supported by Unilever, examined the effects of voluntary adoption of front of pack nutrition labelling on companies’ innovation.

Researchers found that companies that adopt front of pack labelling introduce more innovative and nutritionally better products than companies that don’t use front of pack labelling.

And early adopters introduce more new products compared with late adopters.

This found that positive front of pack labelling drives reformulation.

It showed that people are willing to pay more for a product with a positive front of pack logo and buy more of that product.

It revealed that products with a positive front of pack label increase market share over time.

The results of these studies have important implications, not only for companies, but also for policy makers and consumer welfare.

Nutrition health claims In nutrition labelling, accurate health claims are essential to building consumer trust.

That is why we have a global position (PDF 87KB) ( Images unilever position nutrition health claims_tcm244 508774_en.pdf) for making health claims on our foods and beverages.

Unilever Food Solutions, as well as those parts of the Pepsi Lipton business where Unilever is responsible for marketing and distribution it excludes products marketed through other joint ventures.

Innovation: The Case of Front of Package Nutrition Labeling Initiative.

Responsible marketing We are helping people make better food choices through responsible marketing.

Marketing in a connected world From the moment we wake up in the morning, we are exposed to hundreds of advertising messages on our phones, on TV, on advertising hoardings, on product packaging.

As the second largest advertiser in the world based on media spend, we have a duty to ensure our marketing and advertising is responsible and a force for good, helping us to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

We are committed to building trust through responsible practices and transparent communication.

It is our responsibility to ensure that our products are safe, and that we provide clear information on their use and any risks that are associated with their use.

We fully support a consumer's right to know what is in our products and will be transparent in terms of ingredients, nutrition values, and the health and beauty properties of our products.

We will use a combination of channels, including product labels, websites, careline phone numbers and or leaflets to communicate openly with our consumers.

International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) we support the development of international self regulatory codes for all types of marketing and advertising, and apply these across our business.

Practice code is the basis for all our communications.

This states that all marketing and advertising must pass the baseline test of being legal, decent, honest and truthful , and that all claims made must have a sound scientific basis.

Our marketing messages must be appropriate, must not undermine the promotion of healthy, balanced diets and active lifestyles, or misrepresent snacks as meals.

For example, we won’t show over sized portions or 'size zero' in our advertising.

These provide guidance to our brand managers and are reviewed regularly, most recently in July 2017.

Principles contain no exceptions and are among the most wide reaching.

They cover all forms of marketing communications, including packaging, point of sale and all digital communication channels.

Nutritional Standards and a greater focus on digital.

A leading role in industry Unilever is a founding member of the International Food Beverage Alliance (IFBA), which makes commitments to the WHO on responsible advertising to children, nutrition labelling and product reformulation.

We play a major role in promoting industry wide voluntary initiatives like the EU Pledge (http: www.eu pledge.eu ), and we support and adhere to all Pledges around the world.

Each year since 2009, Accenture has been commissioned by IFBA to independently audit companies’ compliance with its marketing principles.

This ensures our employees are aware of their responsibilities concerning responsible marketing practices.

The Code is supported by mandatory training for all employees which uses case studies to highlight the key attributes of a responsible marketing approach.

Responsible marketing to children We recognise the role parents play in helping their children eat and drink healthily.

So, for any marketing directed at children, we will not undermine parental influence, encourage 'pester power', or use time or price minimisation pressure.

We are careful not to exploit a child’s imagination or inexperience, or blur the boundary between content and commercial promotion.

We voluntarily restrict all marketing communications to children under six, as we know they are unable to distinguish between marketing and programming.

Where differences exist, we apply the strictest criteria.

Our restrictions apply to all forms of marketing and advertising to children, including packaging and labelling, TV and radio advertising, consumer promotions, in store activities, PR materials, online activity (including both company owned and third party websites), social media and digital advertising, apps, online games and direct marketing.

They also apply to all other forms of communication (like cartoon characters, product placements, advergaming, free gifts toys and so on).

To determine if marketing communications’ are directed to children’, we will take into account the placement (eg media audiences where 35% or more of the audience is under the age of 12) and the content of those communications.

We don’t promote brands or products in primary schools.

Only products meeting our HNS can use cartoon characters and celebrities, or participate in educational campaigns with specific agreement from school administrations.

Our objective for 2018 is to continue promoting the highest industry standards and inspire collective action on responsible marketing.

To do this, we will support and strengthen national and regional pledges with industry partners and ensure high levels of compliance and understanding of our strengthened Global Principles.

Affordability accessibility We are making our products accessible and affordable for people, wherever they live.

A key focus of our business Ensuring accessibility and affordability of foods containing good fats, wholegrains, fruits and vegetables, vitamins and minerals whether fresh, dried or frozen is crucial.

Category, in a three point plan ( news news and features Feature article 2017 a three point plan to feed 10 billion people by 2050.html) to feed 10 billion people by 2050.

We are addressing affordability and accessibility by ensuring our products are represented across the full price and package size range (from sachets to family packs), especially in emerging markets like South East Asia, Africa and Latin America.

Across all our brands, we set strategic pricing guidelines, including pricing below the market average to reach lower income groups.

For launches, we conduct extensive research to evaluate affordability, pricing and purchase intention among low income consumers.

We also recently launched a holistic cost managing platform allowing us to minimise or completely offset changes, such as ongoing currency fluctuations or material inflation.

This means we can avoid passing extra costs onto consumers.

In South Africa, for example, we offer smaller packs at the right price point across our range of soups, bouillons and seasonings.

Knorr dry soups are available at only R2 and Royco bouillon at R1 ( 0.07).

India, Annapurna Atta is the only brand offering pre packed, 100% wholewheat flour in a 500g size, making the product accessible to people on lower incomes.

Standards (HNS) are affordable and accessible, so they reach those who need them most.

We have committed that 60% of our total portfolio will meet HNS in 2020.

Such an ambitious target commits us to making healthy food affordable and accessible for all consumers.

Last year, 13% of our total food and beverage sales by volume contributed to recommended daily intakes of at least one of five key micronutrients (iodine, vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc and iron).

By 2022, we will provide more than 200 billion servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients.

As part of this, we have pledged to address affordability and accessibility.

We promote affordable, nutritious products We offer discounts, price promotions and coupons on nutritious products, including tea which is an affordable, healthy beverage sold in many markets.

In India, for example, our tea is available at only Rs1 ( 0.013).

To boost affordable, healthy products around the world, we engage with shoppers through promoters and dieticians.

In Gulf countries, for example, we promote green tea consumption in supermarkets and hypermarkets.

In Poland in 2017, shoppers were given the opportunity to Taste for free’.

Lipton green or herbal tea, and then getting their money back by registering on a dedicated campaign website.

In addition, to encourage people to try green tea, we included Lipton Green Citrus 25 teabags for free in packs of Lipton Yellow Label 120 teabags.

We increase affordability by selling through discount retailers.

In Europe, we are the biggest branded supplier to discount supermarkets in the divisions in which we compete.

Globally, we sell over 2 billion through discount channels, and a significant portion of this is through our Foods Refreshment business.

Going forward, we will build our presence in discount retailers.

Our brands give people tips on how to eat balanced diets on a budget.

Institute to showcase nutritious recipes using Knorr.

Each recipe costs only around 1 to make and feeds a family of five.

And Unilever Food Solutions our dedicated foodservice business runs programmes for chefs, covering 200 million dishes a day.

For all brands, we take into account distribution.

We found that in some countries, traditional distribution channels weren’t reaching people in remote areas.

So we developed a network of small scale retailers to help us improve access to healthy, affordable products.

At the same time, we believe this will enable 1 billion more people to enjoy our brands, providing us with a vital opportunity for sustainable growth.

For example, our unique Shakti (or power’) model in India involves dedicated rural women being trained to distribute Unilever products where they live and in neighbouring villages.

As our brand ambassadors, they spread messages of health and hygiene, as well as healthy, affordable products to low income families, living in remote areas.

We are now adapting this model in several South East Asian, African and Latin American markets.

We also share our model and explore further solutions with stakeholders.

Developing nutritious products is an important rst step for food companies.

However, ensuring they are available in affordable formats for people on low incomes, and accessible to people no matter where they live, is just as important.

We want to offer nutritious food for all people...

Nutritious cooking We want to help people live better by eating tasty and nutritious, home cooked food.

Life today is very different to our grandparents’ generation, and even our parents’.

We believe delicious and nutritious food should be within everyone’s reach.

We are empowering people to cook healthy meals with varied ingredients, in flexible ways that suit different lifestyles and budgets.

On our packs and online, we suggest 100,000 recipe ideas.

From Lipton’s green tea recipes to delicious desserts featuring Carte D’Or ice creams, we aim to inspire creative and nutritious cooking.

Knorr also displays on pack shopping lists and tips to make it even easier for people to start cooking with nutritious ingredients.

For people who do cook, we understand that many are pressed for time and want to get dinner on the table as quickly as possible.

Research shows that people in the US today use less ingredients and make fewer side dishes.

Getting kids to cook makes them more willing to try new foods.

Unilever provides help for parents on how to encourage young chefs to cook their own delicious, nutritious food.

Let’s get cooking Following recipes can be daunting for someone who’s never been taught how to cook, so we provide cookery classes, especially to vulnerable groups.

In the US, for example, we introduced our Make Meals that Do More retailer programme.

This teaches cooking skills, encourages consumers to eat healthily and promotes sustainability.

Agriculture to train high school teachers in Miami, Los Angeles, Houston and Chicago.

The curriculum focuses on inspiring students to become food citizens’ to make a meaningful impact on their personal, environmental and community health.

One third of East Harlem residents are obese, and diabetes there is nearly double the rest of Manhattan.

In 2017, our private public partnership Growing Roots improved access to fresh food and taught people how to cook on a tight budget.

Our chefs and dieticians developed 16 delicious, culturally appropriate, nutritious recipes for cooking classes, community festivals and in store activities.

As a result, almost 600 kg of vegetables have been harvested, and over 285 kg of food scraps have been donated for compost.

In addition, we partnered with the Whole Kids Foundation and sponsored 20 K 12 gardens (https: www.learnaboutmyfood.com communities whole kids healthy futures.html) in underserved schools in Miami, Los Angeles, Houston and Chicago.

These provide the children with an edible garden space to learn more about how fresh food grows, tastes and can be cooked.

In Mexico, Knorr runs Conscious eating’ workshops to help people manage their weight better.

The workshops help participants to identify the thoughts and emotions that influence their eating habits, recognising the power of eating together as a family, and learning how to create tasty, more nutritious meals.

Our employees also volunteered to hold a cooking and tasting workshop for 100 women.

The recipes made featured ingredients provided by the government to low income families.

We have developed a cooking course for low income moms, and a cooking contest using Knorr products to prepare dishes on a daily family income of PHP400 ( 7).

As a result, 36 new Knorr recipes were created and a toolkit produced for nationwide implementation by FNRI.

Toyin knows with her own eyes the adverse effects of malnutrition.

Iron deficiency is a big problem in Nigeria, and around half of women have anaemia because of it.

Toyin She understands the huge impact that just a few small steps in the kitchen can have in improving wellness.

Knorr’s Green Food Steps initiative to promote nutritious cooking.

As a Nigerian, I love cooking our national dishes.

But I cook from a wide range of other cultures as well.

So I enjoy cooking with red peppers and various spices too.

It makes the food tastier and increases its nutritional content.

Green Steps’ encourages mothers to pass on nutritious recipes to their children.

I was taught to cook by my mother when I was young.

As a mother now myself, I’ve taught my daughters and my son to cook.

I see nutritious cooking as an investment a human investment.

It’s all about teaching us how to eat right and respect our bodies.

If we can teach people about the importance of having iron rich food, and fortifying food where necessary, we could save millions of people from anaemia.

Unilever at the 2017 International Conference on Nutrition.

So far, it’s reached over 220,000 women and teenage girls, and 23 million people through media.

The programme will also be rolled out in Kenya and Indonesia.

Eating out healthily a contradiction In the US in 1970, 25.9% of food spend was on eating out of the home.

Across the world, we use our brands, extensive chef networks and key global partnerships to champion cooking that is better for people and the planet.

For example, working with Knorr chefs, Unilever Food Solutions led a project to create a Chefs’ Manifesto, with the aim of supporting chefs from 37 countries in influencing healthy diets and taking action on Zero Hunger (SDG2) issues.

Unilever Food Solutions is delighting consumers eating out of the home, with tasty dishes containing less salt.

For example, in Russia, 77% of Unilever Food Solutions products are now compliant with our Highest Nutritional Standards (HNS).

We also aligned two Meal Makers with our 5g of salt a day’ commitment, and we continue to encourage salt reduction through on pack communication like our no added salt’ logo.

Knorr Chef’s Masala, which meet sodium HNS benchmarks.

One third of older people admitted to these facilities are at risk of malnutrition and their nutritional needs differ from younger adults.

In addition, Unilever Food Solutions’ Seductive Nutrition initiative helps food services improve the nutritional content of their most popular dishes, like reducing 100 kilocalories from each.

This programme runs in North America, South Africa and north eastern Europe.

In North America alone, we helped remove over 10 billion calories from menus.

Together, these changes will have a big impact on eating out healthily.

Reducing our environmental impact in Foods and Refreshment We are cutting food and packaging waste, and the amount of water and energy to make our products and refrigerate ice cream.

When choosing what to eat, people are primarily focused on taste, and for the more health conscious, eating vegetables and a balanced diet.

Nowadays, many people also think green while eating.

What do we mean by this People are increasingly concerned about preserving our planet and limited natural resources.

They want to eat well and do the right thing for the environment at the same time.

We believe that by focusing on preserving our planet through sustainable sourcing and production practices, we can help people throughout our value chain to thrive.

We are developing creative solutions to reduce food waste ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging reducing food loss and waste ) in the kitchen, inspiring consumers and chefs to do the same.

And we are reducing our waste and packaging ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ), water use ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use ) and emissions ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ) from sourcing through to manufacturing, distribution and selling.

Real farmers, real ingredients Sustainable agriculture is a key component of our overall mission to make sustainable living commonplace.

Ever since we learnt that about half of our environmental footprint globally comes from growing the ingredients for our products, we’ve been working hard with farmers to expand our sustainable farming practices even further.

When growing fruit, vegetables, herbs and spices for our products, we encourage responsible use of limited natural resources.

Knorr supports farmers in meeting our rigorous sustainability standards, reducing fertiliser use, and protecting soil and water better.

This helps them meet, or go beyond, our Sustainable Agriculture Code requirements.

Farms that demonstrate the highest standards are awarded Knorr Landmark Farm status.

Anthony Azevedo, a garlic farmer at one of our Landmark Farms in the US says, The biggest challenge we face is water.

So we had the Knorr partnership, which was an irrigation trial.

We can irrigate a whole field in one day, versus sprinklers where it would take five or six days to get across the fields.

We’ve set up the ranch for the future by switching to drip irrigation.

My boys will be the fifth generation farming this land, so we’ve been here for a long, long time, and we want to keep it going for our future generations.

Soil health has been identified as an environmental hot spot in our supply chain.

Iowa, for example, we are trialling regenerative agriculture techniques to improve soil health through cover crops third crop rotation key practices.

By the end of 2017, we had engaged 160 farmers, planting over 25,000 acres with cover crops.

Studies show this approach could use 88% less manufactured fertiliser, and through diverse rotation, six times less herbicide use.

When you walk into your local supermarket and look at the array of rice on offer, not many people realise how much effort goes into the production of this popular side dish.

The Isbell family shares our commitment to sustainability and sustainable sourcing, and enjoys Landmark Farm status.

The Isbell’s have been innovating sustainable farming techniques for years.

For example, they alternate soil wetting and drying, which means letting a field dry out completely after flooding it.

Just one drying a season stops the anaerobic state of the soil’s bacteria, which may halve the production of methane a potent greenhouse gas.

Mark Isbell is working with the University of Arkansas on a multi year measurement study to assess exactly how much this process helps.

The family uses cover crops to improve soil health and reduce fertiliser usage, while employing no till farming.

I think innovation is just ingrained in me, I love it, says Chris Isbell.

If I had to farm like everybody else, I wouldn’t do it.

There’s just something about the closeness of a family working together, explains Judy Isbell.

The land has been good to our family, and we need to do anything we can do to give it back to our children and our grandchildren.

Climate change is accelerated and precious natural resources squandered in growing and transporting uneaten food.

Cutting waste would significantly reduce environmental damage, bring economic gains and, crucially, help feed the 815 million people who still go to bed hungry every night.

Sustainable Nutrition means minimising food waste ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging reducing food loss and waste ) from farm to fork.

In 2017, we also signed CGF’s commitment to switch to a standardised system of food expiry dates by 2020.

The aim is to tackle food waste by avoiding the confusion around date labels that often causes people to throw away good food.

Due to efficiencies, implemented as part of our 2008 Zero Waste to Landfill commitment, only 0.75% of food waste from our food manufacturing sites is disposed into landfill, sewer and incineration without energy recovery.

Since this number is very low, we have agreed with the CGF that it is not impactful to focus on halving it by 2025.

Instead, we will continue to report our disposed food waste from manufacturing and focus our efforts on reducing food loss and waste across our value chain.

We will do this by engaging with suppliers, retailers and consumers and advocating for food system reform.

For instance, food waste is one of five UN Zero Hunger Challenge pillars, to which we have signed up.

Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Ministry of Agroindustry.

Together, we ran the Let’s save food’ campaign at point of sale, reaching 8 million people.

We are now looking to scale this with the FAO in other countries.

For example, we’ve partnered with the Global FoodBanking Network (https: www.foodbanking.org ) to redirect food and other products to those in need.

Federation of Food Banks since 2014, and we have invested in developing food banks across Central and Eastern Europe.

Trust’s (https: www.trusselltrust.org ) food bank networks.

Feeding America (http: www.feedingamerica.org ), the leading domestic hunger relief charity.

Across the world, over 8 million people benefit from our food bank partnerships and hunger relief activities.

Our brands play their part Wherever possible, we look to cut waste through our brands.

For example, seed husks are removed from our Maille mustard and reused as animal feed.

Hellmann’s Red Green Tomato Ketchup (https: www.hellmanns.com uk our ketchup.html) is made with any colour tomatoes, saving an estimated 2.5 million green tomatoes a year from potential waste.

And Hellmann’s Easy Out’ technology has reduced the average amount of leftover mayonnaise in a bottle from 13% to just 3%.

This means roughly 5,000 tonnes of mayonnaise landing on the plate instead of landfill every year.

Our foodservice business, Unilever Food Solutions and food supplier, Sodexo, are further helping chefs and caterers around the world to cut waste.

We have developed the Wise Up on Waste app, which allows chefs to track waste in their kitchens and on plates.

In 2016, this was used 27,000 times across six countries.

Solutions also launched WasteWatch, a global programme to reduce waste across our operations.

So far, this has reduced waste across 14 sites by 16.5 tonnes equivalent to approximately 1,900 binbags of rubbish.

For the past three years, Unilever in the US has worked with 11 agents of change’ highly respected and influential dietitians.

Take a good look inside your fridge and pantry, plan to add one or two things, and this will help you use food before it goes bad.

She learned the value of the freezer from her grandmother, who froze in season produce for later use.

I even freeze bread it’s great for toast and grilled cheese.

Rachael Hartley suggests meal preparedness’, a loose, realistic plan for the week that incorporates leftovers, ripe produce, and pantry ingredients into easy meals.

Kylie Mitchell agrees, saying Don’t shop as if you are going to cook dinner every night if you know you usually eat out three times a week.

Annessa Chumbley advises keeping produce front and centre in your fridge.

Don’t banish fruits and vegetables to the produce bin graveyard.

She devotes her fridge’s top shelf to green onions kept in a glass mason jar and strawberries packed in a clear plastic bag with a paper towel inside to absorb moisture, so they last longer.

She saves and saut s the green tops of beets, carrots, and radishes, then tossing them into salads and stir fries.

People will discard these scraps thinking they are not edible we need to educate them.

He cooks his favourite Peruvian dishes for dinner, then brings the leftovers to work for lunch.

I make just enough to last for a couple of days, he says.

Less packaging, less waste By 2025, we will ensure that all our plastic packaging is fully reusable, recyclable or compostable ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging rethinking plastic packaging ).

We are taking action to reduce packaging for our foods and drinks.

In Spain, for example, our 400g Hellmann’s glass jar light weighting programme has saved 367 tonnes of glass and resulted in a 10% lighter jar.

In China, to remove the plastic film in our ice cream cartons, we developed the more sustainable matt UV varnish.

This will save over 300 tonnes of packaging waste every year and will be introduced for our ice creams across Asia in 2018.

In South Africa, we now make Knorr dressing bottles from 35% recycled plastic water bottles.

This means 900 metric tonnes less plastic will be used each year, equivalent in weight to 15 elephants.

And in Brazil, we introduced recycled plastic for our refreshments, reducing the thickness of the packaging and saving 35 tonnes every year.

Protecting natural resources We are taking action across our Foods and Refreshment portfolio to protect natural resources.

We encourage our factories to close the loop’ and return resources to the local environment where they can.

Our Knorr factory in Argentina does this through a project which helps local vegetable farmers.

We produce an organic soil conditioner by combining loose soil shaken from the vegetables with nutrient rich effluent.

This soil conditioner is then used on the same fields where the vegetables were originally grown.

In this way, we have reduced waste from this factory by 430 tonnes, and we are helping to care for the quality of the local soil.

To save water in our supply chain, we have helped to implement over 4,000 water management plans ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use working with our suppliers and farmers to manage water use ) with our growers around the world.

This helps farmers, for example, to introduce drip irrigation, which cuts water use by up to 50%.

By creating optimal growing conditions, this can boost yields by 25 35% and because the soil is not completely soaked reduce the spread of fungal and bacterial diseases and weeds.

In humid regions this means the use of fungicide can be cut by up to 50%, lowering costs for farmers.

We are also taking action to lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ).

Argentina, for example, many of our food products are shipped without going through a distribution centre, taking 19 trucks and 15 tonnes of CO off the road every month.

Spain, we’re pioneering sustainable Frigo ice cream freezers.

In the US and India, we have been trialling solar powered ice cream cabinets, which can be recharged at night using grid electricity.

Find out more about how we are reducing the environmental impact across our portfolio ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ).

By 2030 our goal is to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our products as we grow our business.

Decoupling growth from our environmental impact Part of our Vision is to grow our business whilst decoupling our environmental impact from our growth.

We consider the reduction of our greenhouse gas (GHG), water and waste impacts across our value chain, from sourcing our raw materials to within our own manufacturing and operations and consumer use.

We also aim to source our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Reducing the environmental impact of how consumers use our products continues to prove difficult, as our performance on reducing GHG and Water impact per consumer use demonstrates.

Our performance: GHG, water, waste sustainable sourcing Our environmental targets for GHG, water and waste are expressed on a per consumer use’ basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product, such as the impact of one load of laundry.

Our performance: Manufacturing Our performance is measured against a baseline of 2008.

Our approach We want to play our part in tackling climate change and reduce the depletion of natural resources.

It makes business sense to reduce our risk by securing sustainable sources of supply for raw materials, to cut costs through reducing packaging materials and higher manufacturing efficiencies, and to appeal to more consumers with sustainable, purpose led brands.

Environmental Policy (PDF 168KB) ( Images unilever environmental policy_tcm244 436111_en.pdf).

We want to move towards a more circular economy, so that more plastic has the best possible chance to be reused or recycled.

We are working in partnership with others to explore how natural capital can be better integrated into business decision making.

Greenhouse gases Droughts, floods, crop failures, disrupted and displaced communities and impacted economies the potential threats posed by climate change are significant and urgent.

But while tackling climate change presents serious challenges, it also offers enormous opportunities.

Taking action on climate change is a necessity but it’s also a chance to grow our business by responding to opportunities across our value chain.

We want to play our part in the global movement to create a low carbon economy, so we’re increasing our use of renewable energy as we move towards becoming carbon positive in our operations by 2030.

We’ve also set ourselves a science based target to halve the greenhouse gas (GHG) impacts of our products across their lifecycle by 2030.

Our strategy We want low carbon to become the new normal, so we’re taking action to reduce GHG emissions throughout our value chain.

Taking action across our value chain Following the Paris Agreement, nearly 200 countries are pressing ahead with low carbon reforms, helping to open around 23 trillion in opportunities for climate smart investments by 2030.

The key to transforming the current high carbon infrastructure into a low carbon one, is systems change.

The risks presented by climate change cross the boundaries between nations, continents, industries and societies.

SDG 17 partnerships for the goals is critical to unlocking progress to the other 16 SDGs.

Businesses, governments and citizens all have a role to play but fundamental to creating systems change is collaboration, which is why we’re prioritising advocacy and partnerships with others.

This has led us to work on issues ranging across our entire value chain, from combating deforestation and improving the carbon footprint of our agricultural supply chain, to designing more products with a lower GHG impact for people to use at home.

Impacts of climate change on agriculture will be different in different parts of the world.

An important step in our sustainable sourcing programme will be the launch in 2018 of the renewed Sustainable Agriculture Code, which has guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart Agriculture.

In the middle of our value chain are our own factories and sites the parts of our business over which we have the greatest control.

We've committed to becoming carbon positive in our operations by 2030.

That means 100% of our energy will come from renewable sources and we intend to directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we need for our own operations, making the surplus available to the markets and communities in which we operate.

Technology and innovation are playing a critical part in addressing climate change and in opening up the opportunities for business that a low carbon economy will bring.

Over 60% of our GHG footprint occurs when consumers use our products in their homes.

To reduce this, we’re using our knowledge and resources in innovation, and Research and Development, to bring people products they enjoy but which come with lower GHG impacts.

A growing number of investors demand more information on how companies are addressing the effects of climate change, and we recognise the importance of disclosing climate related risks and opportunities.

Adopting the TCFD recommendations is an important step forward in enabling market forces to drive efficient allocation of capital and support a smooth transition to a low carbon economy.

Within the scope of our business, climate change touches everything we do, and a wide range of our USLP activities address it.

We’ve integrated climate related disclosures throughout our Annual Report and Accounts 2017 and within the Reducing Environmental Impact sections Greenhouse Gas, Water, Waste, and Sustainable Sourcing of our Sustainable Living Report 2017.

Our approach Our pillar commitment is to halve the GHG impact of our products across their lifecycle by 2030.

This commitment is a science based target, which is in turn supported by our carbon positive science based targets.

These are defined as in line with the level of decarbonisation required to keep the global temperature increase below 2 C compared to pre industrial temperatures which underpins the Paris Agreement.

To understand the financial risks that climate change could have on our business, we’ve performed a high level assessment of the impact of 2 C and 4 C global warming scenarios in 2030.

We’ve identified the material impacts on Unilever’s business from each of these scenarios, based on existing internal and external data.

We are taking action to address our climate change risks in line with the output from the scenario analysis, as well as benefiting from any opportunities these changes could present across our value chain.

Carbon pricing is introduced in key countries and hence there are increases in both manufacturing costs and the costs of raw materials such as dairy ingredients and the metals used in packaging.

Zero net deforestation requirements are introduced and a shift to sustainable agriculture puts pressure on agricultural production, raising the price of certain raw materials.

Chronic and acute water stress reduces agricultural productivity in some regions, raising prices of raw materials.

Increased frequency of extreme weather (storms and floods) causes increased incidence of disruption to our manufacturing and distribution networks.

Temperature increase and extreme weather events reduce economic activity and gross domestic product (GDP) growth, hence sales levels fall.

The results of the scenarios analysis confirm the importance of doing further work to ensure that we understand the critical dependencies between climate change and our business.

And ensure we have action plans in place to help mitigate these risks and prepare the business for the future environment in which we will operate.

To tackle climate change, we've adopted a combined approach of making changes to our own business aimed at reducing the emissions over which we have most control while joining collective efforts and advocacy to help achieve the wider systems changes needed to create a low carbon world.

Our Climate Smart Agriculture programme, aimed at helping the farmers and businesses in our supply chain reduce their GHG emissions.

Our carbon positive targets, which including using 100% renewable energy in our operations by 2030 Using internal carbon pricing mechanisms to drive change in our business Collective action to eliminate deforestation from global supply chains Switching to energy efficient ice cream freezers Designing products with lower GHG impacts.

Our commitment We will halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030.

In addition, in our own operations, we will become carbon positive by 2030 by eliminating fossil fuels from our energy mix and switching to 100% renewable energy.

We also intend to directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume, making the surplus available to the markets and communities where we operate.

Progress to date We've cut CO2 from energy by 47% per tonne of production in our operations and continued to develop products with a lower GHG impact, however the GHG impact of our products across their full lifecycle has increased by around 9% since 2010.

Underlying sales growth over the same period was 33.1%, so it is encouraging to see that we are decoupling our value chain GHG impacts from our business growth.

The increase in GHG emissions per consumer use is mainly driven by our Personal Care business which has expanded in hair and shower products via acquisitions.

Future challenges The momentum behind climate action is continuing to grow.

More investors are factoring carbon resilience into their decisions.

And according to research we conducted in 2016, consumers are increasingly looking for sustainable companies and products.

We believe the transition to a lower carbon model for economies and societies can be made but there's no doubt challenges remain.

The amount of available renewable energy is increasing, and the costs are falling rapidly.

But, much of the world's infrastructure remains reliant on fossil fuels.

For example, that means that the electricity used to heat water, including the hot water used by our consumers, significantly contributes to GHG emissions.

To reach our 2030 commitment of halving the GHG impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030, we’re dependent on a wide range of external factors, such as the energy efficiency of consumer appliances, and the carbon intensity of the energy supplied to people’s homes as well as consumer behaviour.

We believe that carbon pricing is a fundamental part of the global response to climate change and without it, the world is unlikely to meet its GHG reduction targets.

We have publicly supported calls for carbon pricing and are a member of the UN Global Compact’s (UNGC’s) Caring for Climate Campaign and The Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition, hosted by the World Bank.

We have implemented the UNGC’s Business Leadership Criteria on Carbon Pricing and in 2018, we increased our internal price of carbon to 40 per tonne.

Two of our targets were approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) in 2017.

We set our first science based target in 2010, to halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030.

The second science based target was introduced in 2015, aiming to source 100% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2030.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

As described in the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC AR5).

As well as taking action in our factories, distribution channels and with our suppliers, we are developing innovations that produce less GHG and help consumers to reduce their own impact.

We are also committed to eliminating the deforestation associated with commodity supply chains.

Targets performance We have an ambitious commitment to halve the greenhouse gases (GHG) associated with the consumer use of our products in our value chain.

Halve the greenhouse gas impact of our products across the lifecycle by 2030.

In 2017, our greenhouse gas impact per consumer use increased by around 9% since 2010.

In 2017, our factory sites reduced CO2 emissions from energy by 47% per tonne of production compared to 2008.

We have also increased our use of renewable energy within our manufacturing in 2017, this increased to 33.6% compared to 15.8% in 2008.

Additionally, 65% of all grid electricity used in our manufacturing operations was generated from renewable resources.

Since we launched our Plan in 2010, we have learned a lot about the areas we can influence and those we cannot, and which areas need wider action from other players.

For example, this includes the shift in the energy grids towards more renewable sources takes time, but are moving in the right direction, which will contribute positively to halving the GHG impact of our products by 2030.

To play our role in this, we have also set targets to become carbon positive’ in our operations by 2030.

This includes sourcing 100% of our total energy from renewable sources by 2030 and extends to making surplus renewable energy available to the markets and communities where we operate.

However, the GHG impact of our products has risen by 9% since 2010.

Underlying sales growth over the same period was 33.1%, so it is encouraging to see that we are decoupling our value chain GHG impacts from our business growth.

The increase in GHG emissions per consumer use is mainly driven by our Personal Care business which has expanded in hair and shower products via acquisitions.

Over 60% of our value chain GHG footprint comes from consumer use, primarily from heated water for showering, which is more difficult to influence.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

By 2020 CO2 emissions from energy from our factories will be at or below 2008 levels despite significantly higher volumes.

This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of production.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 63% reduction per tonne of production and a 43% absolute reduction.

Compared to 1995, this represents a 69% reduction in absolute terms.

We will source 100% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2030.

In 2017, 33.6% of our total energy use in our manufacturing operations was generated from renewable resources, compared to 15.8% in 2008.

We will source all our electricity purchased from the grid from renewable sources by 2020.

We will eliminate coal from our energy mix by 2020.

In order to achieve our target of carbon positive by 2030, we intend to directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume and make the surplus available to the markets and communities in which we operate.

All newly built factories will aim to have less than half the impact of those in our 2008 baseline.

In 2017, 65% of all grid electricity used in our manufacturing operations was generated from renewable resources.

In 2017, 1.1 million GJ of the energy used in our manufacturing was generated from coal.

During the year, 16 of our manufacturing sites used energy generated from coal.

In 2017 we continued to develop our methodology and will report on our target progress in our 2018 Sustainable Living Report.

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India and Iran started production in 2017.

When fully operational each aims to achieve only half the emissions of CO2 from energy compared to a representative 2008 baseline.

In 2017, our factory sites reduced CO2 emissions from energy by 8.1% per tonne of production compared to 2016 and 47% per tonne of production compared to 2008, despite having achieved our target four years ahead of schedule in 2016.

We continued to reduce energy use by 2.8% per tonne of production in 2017 and by 26% since 2008.

In 2015 we announced our carbon positive ambition.

This supersedes our previous target of sourcing 40% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2020.

By the end of 2017, 109 manufacturing sites in 36 countries across all continents purchased 100% of their grid electricity from verified renewable sources.

In 2017 we met 33.6% of our global energy needs from renewable sources.

Reformulating our products to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 15% by 2012.

Over 95% (by volume) of our laundry powders in our top 14 countries have been reformulated, achieving a reduction of 15% in greenhouse gas emissions by end 2012.

We continue to reformulate by optimising raw material usage in powders and capsules and optimising our manufacturing.

Liquid laundry detergents have a lower greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint than powders.

We are driving market development through liquids: we grow faster in liquids wherever powders, bars and liquids are present.

Many of our liquids are now sold in concentrated form which reduces GHG emissions.

They also provide great cleaning performance at lower temperatures.

We are also increasing the number of unit dose washes which mean consumers cannot over or under dose.

We continue to lead the industry in developing lower impact powders by removing or reducing phosphate and zeolite key components with high GHG impact.

We have eliminated phosphates in 100% of our machine dishwash products and reached a 95% reduction in the global use of phosphates across our laundry powders, resulting in lower CO2 emissions of up to 50% per single consumer use.

We’re continuing to investigate technologies that could lead to zero phosphate products in the future.

This will represent a 40% improvement in CO2 efficiency.

In 2017, we achieved a 31% improvement in CO2 efficiency since 2010.

We have made steady progress, with some of our market clusters achieving their highest ever improvement in CO2 efficiency.

Meeting our 2020 target remains ambitious, but we are determined to achieve it by continuing to build on the strong foundations we have in place.

Through innovation and developing bottom up carbon reduction projects, we will share best practices to ensure we build efficiency into our transportation logistics.

We are increasingly using non road forms of transport such as rail and sea to move goods.

For journeys still undertaken by road, we are exploring technologies such as liquefied natural gas (LNG) as an alternative fuel, electric vehicles, thermal blanket technology for temperature controlled trucks and hydrogen technologies.

We are working with our partners to accelerate the adoption of the above technologies.

As the world’s largest producer of ice cream, we will accelerate our roll out of freezer cabinets that use climate friendly natural (hydrocarbon) refrigerants.

When we launched our Plan in November 2010 we had already purchased 450,000 units with the new refrigerant.

In 2013 we exceeded our target of purchasing 850,000 climate friendly freezers, reaching a total of around 1.5 million.

In 2017 our total increased to around 2.6 million hydrocarbon freezers.

The climate friendly hydrocarbon (HC) refrigerants we use in our freezers have a substantially lower global warming potential compared to previously used hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), which have a global warming impact thousands of times greater than the equivalent amount of carbon dioxide.

The refrigerant change alone makes our freezers around 10% more energy efficient.

By the end of 2017, we had purchased around 2.6 million freezers using natural refrigerants.

We are continuing to roll out climate friendly HC freezers and make our freezers more energy efficient.

In 2017, our purchased freezers were 50% more energy efficient compared to our 2008 baseline, with the most energy efficient models going even further.

We are working on innovations to make more improvements in freezer energy efficiency, including piloting the use solar panels to power our cabinets.

By 2020 we will halve the energy (kWh) purchased per occupant for the offices in our top 21 countries versus 2010.

We have set a challenging 2020 target to reduce energy purchased per occupant at our in scope sites.

In 2017 we saw a slight increase in the overall energy purchased and a fall in the number of occupants at our in scope sites.

We have continued to work on energy efficiency programmes at our sites and many have become more efficient in 2017.

But we're challenged by the energy demand of our data centres and our Research and Development (R D) sites, which make up around half our energy purchased.

In 2017, we reduced the total energy consumption of both data centres by 7%, but increased demand on other sites have pushed the reduction percentage per occupant over the 2016 figure.

R D sites run pilot plant experiments, which are more similar to factory operations, and the energy demand for these processes are not linked to occupancy.

We have continued to save energy through using our PC power management tool.

We’re continuing to focus on the optimisation of our building management systems and the roll out of LED lighting across a number of our offices, to reduce our energy consumption.

We’re also looking at the carbon impact of our energy purchasing decisions.

In 2017, 42% of our in scope sites purchased certified renewable electricity.

Additionally, our offices in central London and Surrey became carbon neutral through the purchase of certified renewable gas.

Although it’s challenging to reduce energy purchased per occupant, we’re continuing to reduce the GHG impact of our offices.

We are investing in advanced video conferencing facilities to make communication easier while reducing travel for our employees.

By 2011 this network will cover more than 30 countries.

We have continued to invest in implementing Skype for Business as well as advanced video facilities to reduce our travel footprint.

Our advanced video conferencing system, Video Presence, is used for over 950 meetings a month across Unilever offices worldwide.

We have video conferencing facilities in 90 countries.

This is substantially reducing our need to travel to meetings, and our carbon emissions.

It delivers clear benefits such as cost and time savings for the business and cuts down on tiring travel for our employees.

To further reduce our GHG employee travel impacts, we have introduced messages on the benefits of using Video Presence when employees use our travel booking system to book flights.

This encourages employees to travel only when necessary.

Our greenhouse gas footprint The most meaningful way to measure the greenhouse gas (GHG) impact of our business is to look across the whole lifecycle of our products.

Accurate measurement and transparent reporting of our GHG footprint helps us adapt our strategy, set ambitious targets, and assess our progress towards our 2030 halving commitment.

Why do we measure our GHG footprint What is the real GHG impact of a business like ours For many years businesses thought about this question in terms of their own factories, where energy use is easiest to measure and where they had most control.

The direct emissions from our factories are a vital focus for us, and we measure them carefully but they amount to less than 5% of our total GHG footprint.

A much more meaningful picture of our impact comes from measuring across the value chain: from raw materials (primary packaging, secondary packaging and ingredients) to manufacturing, transport, storage at retail and at home, and crucially, consumer use and disposal, which account for over 60% of our total GHG footprint.

Climate change is a principle risk factor for both our business and society at large.

For example, temperature increases and extreme weather events (storms, floods, droughts) can drastically raise the cost of raw materials and packaging, which in turn can affect the affordability of our products.

Mitigating climate change starts by reducing our own environmental impact, which is why we measure our GHG footprint and track our progress towards halving our GHG impact by 2030.

Spreads and Cooking, Skin Care and Skin Cleansing).

We calculate our GHG impact annually, both at an absolute level and per consumer use’, which is the GHG impact of our consumers making a single cup of tea or doing a load of laundry.

Our 2017 footprint shows reductions in GHG emissions from the increased use of renewable energy in our factories, innovation (e.g.

However, these GHG reductions have been negated by the acquisition of skin cleansing and hair care brands which sell products with above average greenhouse gas impact per consumer use.

These products are being used by consumers while taking heated showers and baths.

Our analysis shows that manufacturing and distribution represent less than 5% of our total GHG footprint, while consumer use accounts for over 60%.

The product sub divisions that make the largest contribution to our GHG footprint are those where consumers need heated water to use our products, for example showering, washing hair and laundry.

For more information on reducing GHG emissions in manufacturing, explore our eco efficiency in manufacturing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact eco efficiency in manufacturing ) section.

In 2017, PwC have carried out independent assurance of our latest GHG performance measure for the fourth year.

Please see Independent Assurance ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ) for more details of our assurance programme.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Protecting our forests We’re working both within our business and with others to eliminate deforestation from agricultural commodity supply chains like palm oil, tackle climate change and achieve UN Sustainable Development Goal 15 Life on Land.

We have to stop deforestation Forests are essential to life.

They are the lungs of our planet and help to regulate our climate.

And they’re second only to oceans as the largest global store of carbon.

When forests are cleared, burned or degraded, they become a source of carbon emissions.

In fact, it’s estimated that deforestation contributes an incredible 15% of all 2 global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

This is more than the entire global transport sector.

We cannot solve the problem of climate change without eliminating deforestation.

Most deforestation occurs when forests are cleared to grow palm oil or soy, to raise cattle or to harvest timber for the paper and pulp industries.

Demand for these commodities is soaring as the global population rises and incomes increase.

It’s predicted that there will be over 9 billion people on the planet by 2050 and 60% more food will need to be produced.

The international community has set ambitious goals to protect forests.

Agreement all call for substantial improvements in forest trends by 2020.

These commitments are built on private sector commitments made over the last few years.

Many leading companies have made significant progress in understanding and mitigating their supply chain impacts.

To date, 447 companies have made 760 commitments to reduce or eliminate deforestation from their supply chains.

These constitute a powerful market signal to the rest of the global commodities sector.

Unfortunately, despite these commitments, the planet continues to lose forest at an unprecedented rate.

The loss is driven by both an increase in catastrophic forest fires, and continued expansion of land for agriculture.

These underlying trends are expected to worsen in the coming decades.

It’s clear that we must re double our efforts with urgency and ambition.

Both public and private sector action, and the support of civil society, is needed to enable us to produce more food, and protect forests and those whose livelihoods depend on them.

We’re especially focused on breaking the link between palm oil ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ) production and deforestation.

We also buy 1% of all soy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable soy and rapeseed oils ) produced each year.

But equally, this shows the extent of the change needed to transform these entire supply chain systems.

We’re taking three main steps to eliminate deforestation from agricultural commodity supply chains and to make sure we maintain affordable access to sustainably produced supplies of these commodities for the long term.

Transforming our own supply chains: making sure the palm oil ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ), soy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable soy and rapeseed oils ), paper and board (PDF 222KB) ( Images sustainable wood fibre policy_tcm244 423635_en.pdf), beef and tea we buy is both traceable and certified as sustainable ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

We’re encouraging the entire industry, including growers, traders, manufacturers and retailers to set and meet high standards, extending beyond current certification schemes.

Working with governments and other partners: ensuring that tackling deforestation gets the political attention and financial resources it needs and deserves as a critical component of our response to climate change.

Central Africa and on ensuring through our networks and relationships that large scale, performance based payments for emissions reductions from forests are available to tropical forest countries.

Creating a movement for change Deforestation is a complex issue, and one that isn’t going to be solved by companies acting alone.

So, since making our commitment to zero net deforestation, we’ve increased our work with industry partners, governments and non governmental organisations (NGOs), advocating for change across the entire tropical forest commodities sector.

It’s only through the transformation of each commodity’s value chain and the adoption of sustainable farming practices, that commodity driven deforestation is likely to end.

Over 90% of globally traded palm oil is now covered by no deforestation pledges but these promises must be turned into action.

And that requires transformational systems change across the palm oil value chain.

Marks Spencer and declared our joint intention to prioritise sourcing from countries or regions that have adequate no deforestation’ policies in place.

This will enable agricultural production and human development goals to be achieved side by side while protecting the environment and communities.

Part of the challenge of production, protection, inclusion’ approaches is that capital incentives for transforming forest land into agriculture are very high, while the business case for preserving forests is weak.

Green Fund (http: www.andgreen.fund ) was announced to kick start investments in deforestation free agriculture in countries that are working to reduce deforestation and peat degradation with Unilever as the first corporate investor.

The Fund aims to protect over five million hectares of forest and peatlands by 2020, by de risking private capital investments into large scale deforestation free production, protection and inclusion initiatives.

With a capitalisation goal of 400 million by 2020 and an aim to trigger 1.6 billion in private capital investments, this Fund is an exciting opportunity to jointly shape solutions to mitigate deforestation.

We are members of many multi stakeholder groups working to halt deforestation.

NGOs, representatives of indigenous people, and businesses spanning the commodity supply chains.

Signatories of this initiative are committed to working with local and international stakeholders to halve deforestation and native vegetation loss in the Cerrado.

World Resources Institute (http: www.wri.org ) initiative that provides an online forest monitoring and alert system.

This empowers people everywhere to get involved in protecting forests.

How we’re becoming carbon positive in our operations Sourcing our energy from 100% renewable sources will make us a more competitive business and help create a better future where energy is clean, reliable and affordable for all.

What does carbon positive mean We want to play a leading role in the transition to a low carbon economy.

Becoming carbon positive means we will eliminate fossil fuels from our operations and directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume.

Since 2015, we’ve been making progress in investing in clean technologies, increasing our energy efficiency and in switching to renewable energy sources.

In 2017, we extended the scope of our carbon positive ambition from manufacturing to all operations, including distribution centres, research laboratories, marketing and sales offices and data centres.

Sharing the benefits of a low carbon economy We cannot become carbon positive alone, so we're working collaboratively with partners, suppliers and others to achieve our ambition.

Our ambition is also a statement of commitment: to show that businesses can commit to a low carbon economy and that a low carbon economy is good for business.

Our goal of becoming carbon positive is based on a sound business case.

By becoming carbon positive, we expect to: lower operational costs improve resilience in our energy supply attract investors, who are increasingly considering carbon risk develop a closer relationship with our consumers.

The Paris Agreement could unlock 13.5 trillion in growth opportunities by 2030, as nearly 200 countries seek to accelerate their efforts to address climate change.

By helping to build a business model that moves beyond a reliance on fossil fuels, we hope to benefit from the opportunities that new ways of doing business will create.

We’re on the path to decarbonisation and there’s no turning back.

Not taking action to avoid runaway climate change would be a moral abdication of our responsibility to the most vulnerable and to future generations.

But driving the movement towards a low carbon economy that’s a huge opportunity, and one that Unilever must be a part of.

Sourcing our energy from renewables In our operations, we use two forms of energy: heat (thermal) and power (electrical).

We use thermal energy mainly in the form of steam during manufacturing.

Electrical energy is used for a range of purposes, such as lighting and powering machinery.

As part of the action we’re taking to achieve our carbon positive ambition, we’re in the process of eliminating our use of fossil fuels for generating both heat and power.

In 2014 we were a founding signatory of the RE100 global campaign for influential businesses to commit to using 100% renewable electricity.

We use RE100’s definition (http: there100.org going 100) of renewable electricity, which includes electricity which has been produced from biomass (including biogas), geothermal, solar, water and wind sources.

We have a network of environmental managers around the world, who bring our ambitions to life.

By the end of 2017, 33.6% of our total energy use electrical and thermal across our manufacturing operations came from renewable sources.

Our 2020 target is to use 100% renewable grid electricity, but we also directly generate electricity on our sites.

In 2017, 28 of our manufacturing sites generated renewable electricity on site, mostly from solar and hydro power.

For example, in South Asia, many of our sites have open land, which gives us the opportunity to install on site solar panels.

When it’s not possible to produce our own renewable electricity, we make direct purchase agreements with large scale solar, wind, hydro and geothermal installations, and with small scale hydropower schemes.

Around 90% of the electricity used across our factories, distribution centres and offices in Mexico has been produced from wind power.

In the Philippines, we are now sourcing most of our electricity from a geothermal power plant.

Biomass will play an important role in our transition away from coal and other fossil fuels.

In 2017, 49 of our manufacturing sites used biomass or biogas, such as agricultural by products and wood waste.

This reduced our annual CO 2 emissions by over 250,000 tonnes.

Our biomass programme continued to expand in 2017, when we started installation of a new biomass boiler at our Gateway site in Thailand, which will reduce CO emissions by over 400 tonnes per year.

This accounts for 65% of our total grid electricity consumption and includes manufacturing sites across all continents.

With other businesses and NGOs including SSE, Greenpeace and the WWF we’re also advocating for more government investment in offshore wind power in the UK.

RECs account for renewable electricity when it is transferred via the grid.

A REC states that one party has generated renewable electricity and then sold it to another party, who 'retires' the REC to show they’ve used it.

As a father, I’m committed to protecting the environment for future generations.

The world is seeing an increase in the quantity, and intensity, of natural disasters like Hurricanes Irma and Maria which struck the Caribbean in September 2017, leaving people without power for days.

Climate change is resulting in more of these natural disasters.

And, this impacts the security and reliability of our energy supplies.

Since mid 2016, hydropower has provided 100% of the electricity we need for our factories in Brazil.

Out of our 38 sites in Latin America, 21 are now getting their electricity from renewable sources.

And we expect all locations to achieve this by the end of 2020, which will lead to a 50% cut in carbon emissions.

Coal can either be used directly meaning that coal produces heat or power physically on our sites or indirectly, which refers to us buying energy generated from coal by a third party.

We’re phasing out both our direct and indirect use of coal through solutions such as solar energy, wind power, and biomass or biogas.

In 2017, 1.1 million GJ of the energy used at 16 of our manufacturing sites was generated from coal.

How we phase out coal varies by site because of the differences in geography and the resources available locally.

In 2017, for example, our Odense site in Denmark successfully moved away from using coal to using steam produced from biogas generated at an adjacent wastewater treatment plant.

Improving our energy efficiency While we rapidly seek ways to replace fossil fuel energy sources with renewable energy, we are also constantly improving our energy efficiency to reduce the amount of energy we need.

By the end of 2017, we had reduced the energy we use in our factories by 26% per tonne of production since 2008.

This reduction has also contributed to cumulative cost avoidance of over 490 million since 2008.

New factory design plays a significant role in improving energy efficiency and achieving our GHG emissions targets.

Building Council LEED certification rating process for buildings.

An example is our new beauty personal care factory in Dubai, which opened in 2017.

It uses solar energy generated on site to provide 16% of the electricity for the site.

Read more about how we're investing for a sustainable future ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations investing for a sustainable future ).

The first step towards carbon positive: becoming carbon neutral By the end of 2017, 15 of our sites globally were carbon neutral.

This means that these sites have no net impact on CO levels in the atmosphere.

For example, since January 2017, our offices in Surrey and London, and our foods and refreshment factories in Trafford Park and Cork have been powered by 100% renewable electricity from the grid and 100% biomethane (also known as biogas).

The biomethane which is fully traceable and certified is generated from anaerobic digestion, which converts inedible food waste and sewage into energy.

Funding renewable energy through internal carbon pricing Carbon pricing is a fundamental part of tackling climate change, putting a price on the carbon emissions emitted by a business to ensure it is considered when making financial decisions.

In July 2016, we introduced an internal carbon levy which now charges our business divisions 40 per tonne of carbon emitted.

Clean Technology Fund’ to invest in renewable energy sources on our manufacturing sites, accelerating the rate at which we’re moving to our 2030 carbon positive targets.

We have used this fund for projects such as installing a biomass boiler in our Tema factory in Ghana.

And in our Cuernavaca site in Mexico, we installed a solar thermal system to provide hot water in the factory.

A carbon positive vision: will you be a part of it Ambitious climate action is possible and profitable.

The challenges that society faces through climate change means there is a strong case for government and business investment in new renewable energy technologies, as well as further research on the sustainable use of biomass.

Investment should be accelerated in existing low carbon energy production and in deploying new low carbon energy technologies, such as wind and solar energy.

In developing countries, we will look to stimulate investment to expand and further develop the renewable energy industry through partnering with renewable energy providers.

Our second science based target is sourcing 100% of our energy across our operations from renewable sources by 2030.

Photo by Apoorva Singh, Roof of Silvassa Detergent Factory, Silvassa, India.

Not only do further efficiencies reduce our GHG impact, they can also reduce our business costs.

In March 2014, Unilever issued a 250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting investors to support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit.

The four and a half year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the first green bond in the sterling market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG company.

Proceeds are being used on projects linked to greenhouse gases, water and waste targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Green Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around the Environmental and Use of Proceeds criteria.

Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds dated 13 January 2014) that there should be a robust process and disclosure by an issuer to facilitate understanding of the characteristics of a bond by investors and others in this area.

Projects benefiting from proceeds of the Bond: a new Home Care powders plant in China a new laundry liquid plant in South Africa a new Beauty Personal Care and Home Care factory in Turkey a factory extension at our spreads factory in USA a HFC free freezer cabinets programme which uses natural hydrocarbon refrigerants.

Always seeking further energy savings When it comes to energy savings, there's never a point at which we'd say enough .

Not only do further efficiencies reduce our GHG impact on the environment, but they often also reduce our business costs.

And since we set that target our ambitions have grown.

In 2015 we announced our ambition of becoming carbon positive ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) in our operations by 2030 and energy efficiency and emissions reduction remain critically important.

We have a multi faceted approach to cutting our energy use and reducing CO 2 emissions across our manufacturing network.

Taking a World Class Manufacturing (WCM) approach, which involves energy loss analysis and focusing on improvement projects, such as how we can use heat more efficiently to reduce our energy use.

Encouraging our people to adopt small actions such as ensuring lights and equipment are turned off when they are not in use.

Replicating eco efficiency projects, our Proud Practice’ projects, in other factories.

Simple Solutions’, our eco efficiency awareness programme.

Running environmental workshops in factories with a large environmental footprint.

Investing in additional monitoring, metering and reporting of energy use at our sites to track performance and identify further opportunities to reduce energy use.

Ensuring that any equipment being replaced is of the highest eco efficiency standard.

Over 490 million of cost avoidance Reducing energy emissions isn’t just about reducing our environmental impact it also makes good business sense.

Environmental Performance Reporting system for all manufacturing sites and by each energy and water type, which enables us to measure the economic benefits of our eco efficiency programme ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact eco efficiency in manufacturing ).

Since 2008, improvements in eco efficiency have contributed to cumulative cost avoidance of around 493 million in energy.

Our Small Actions Big Difference (SABD) fund helps turn the sustainable business ideas of our employees and factory teams into reality.

Ideas are evaluated according to environmental benefit and financial return and we expand the best ideas to our factories around the world.

Together the projects will reduce our global CO 2 emissions by 4.4%, global energy use by 3.8% and water use by 3.4%.

The projects will achieve an average payback period of less than two years.

Our successful eco efficiency projects are known as Proud Practices.

We’ve found that a practice from one factory can often be easily replicated elsewhere.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

Notes Our CO from Energy Load has been calculated from source energy data using internationally accepted conversion factors derived from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

Our manufacturing sites use different sources of energy depending on their production processes and geographical location.

The chart below shows our latest GHG emissions from energy sources used by our manufacturing sites, together with other site GHG emissions (refrigerant losses, effluent treatment and waste to landfill).

Note: The chart does not include GHG emissions from biogenic materials which are reported separately, in line with the internationally recognised Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

We did not measure the levels of three other major GHGs because Unilever’s emissions of these are negligible.

These include: nitrous oxide, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.

For the fourteenth consecutive year, CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) recognised our climate change performance.

For the seventh consecutive year, we achieved a Band A performance rating and were listed in the 2017 Climate A List.

Reducing office impacts We’re rethinking the design and management of our offices around the world to save energy and cut carbon.

Our four steps for cutting office energy We have offices in 99 countries around the world.

We use energy for heating, cooling, lighting, running our IT infrastructure.

Globally, we have around 85,000 workstations and 5,500 servers.

Energy consumption in our offices makes up less than 1% of our total greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases Our greenhouse gas footprint ) but there are still opportunities for us to reduce our impact, and we are working to reduce the GHG impacts of our operations.

Design and construction standards: our office design standards ensure that new locations and fit outs are both energy efficient and meet our sustainability requirements.

All of our new offices must be certified to the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) the most widely used green building rating system in the world and reach Silver level or higher.

Local improvements: by optimising our heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, retrofitting our offices with low energy LED lighting and introducing automated lighting controls, we can make significant savings at the local level.

We encourage employees to take actions like turning off equipment when not in use rather than leaving laptops in sleep mode.

Collaboration: we work closely with our landlords, other businesses and non profit organisations to share ideas and solutions for reducing office energy use and carbon emissions.

Energy efficient equipment: we’re designing our data centres to use less energy, selecting more efficient devices and helping employees avoid unnecessary printing.

These improvements can help to make our offices better places to work too.

For example, if we design our offices to maximise the use of natural light, it creates a more pleasant environment for colleagues while cutting the energy needed for lighting.

From data centres to devices: energy efficiency for all Data centres, where the servers used by our IT systems are stored, are big energy users.

With thousands of processes being run simultaneously, they require a lot of power and generate a lot of heat so significant energy is used for cooling too.

Our two major global data centres which are in the UK host approximately 5,500 servers.

Both centres are powered by electricity purchased from 100% renewable sources and wherever possible, we use fresh air from outside to cool the equipment.

The centres have been designed with energy efficiency in mind.

The modular structure of the centres means we can control the cooling needed for each area individually, rather than cooling the whole facility.

This makes it easier to upgrade our technology too.

In 2017, we reduced the total energy consumption of both data centres by 7%.

We’ve also installed our PC power management tool on more than 98% of our laptops and desktops, approximately 85,000 devices.

This tool automatically shuts down inactive computers.

The first step was improving the building management systems automated lighting, heating and air conditioning only came on when needed.

Now whole floors are cleaned at the same time and shut down when the cleaners finish their work.

The team also introduced a designated area on campus for employees working outside normal business hours.

This means the rest of the building can be closed, saving yet more energy.

Creating agile working environments Technology has transformed workplaces and practices enabling many of us to enjoy more flexibility in how and where we work.

We call this agile working and it has many benefits for our colleagues and our business.

Our design and construction standards help us create agile workplaces that meet our changing business needs while integrating sustainability and well being criteria.

Agile working can be good for employee well being.

Our research shows that it helps attract and retain talented people, and can improve productivity and collaboration.

Workplaces are designed with a range of non assigned workstations and work settings to support different activities and encourage collaboration and productivity.

As spaces are designed around activities, rather than individuals with fixed desks, it means we don’t need as much office space overall cutting both our energy use and our costs.

Global climate action Climate change is one of the greatest challenges we face, as a society and as a business.

To tackle climate change we need transformational change Tackling climate change requires transformational changes to the broader systems in which we operate.

For this we need strong government policy that creates the right context for change and business action.

It’s critical that organisations from all sectors work in collaboration, partnering on projects and initiatives to take action.

We’re advocating for policies that advance the goal of the Paris Agreement.

That is, limiting global temperature rises to no more than 2 degrees, and ideally 1.5 degrees, by the end of the century.

We’re doing this through ambitious targets within our own operations and working in partnership with others to scale up action around the world through multiple private sector groups and coalitions.

Nothing is more powerful than demonstrating to governments that accelerated progress in decarbonising the economy is actually possible.

That is why in the run up to COP21, we announced that we will become carbon positive in our operations by 2030 ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ).

We take part in events such as the United Nations intergovernmental climate summits and when possible, advocate directly to heads of state, ministers and government organisations on the importance of climate action.

We support policies that accelerate change towards a low carbon economy, drive growth and reduce risk.

We work with many other businesses, international institutions and partners.

The WBCSD, a CEO led organisation of nearly 200 companies committed to sustainable business.

We’re taking part in the WBCSD’s Low Carbon Technology Partnership Initiatives (http: lctpi.wbcsdservers.org ) (LCTPi) to find business solutions to climate change.

If implemented, the LCTPi could contribute 65% of the emissions reductions needed by 2030.

One such project is LCTPi REScale group looking at how to scale the use of renewable energy.

In 2016 we supported the development of a WBCSD guide to help businesses achieve 100% renewable energy sourcing through Purchase Power Agreements.

European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) to build shared understanding of how different energy market structures can support accelerated roll out of renewable energy technologies.

We believe that carbon pricing is a fundamental part of the global response to climate change, and without it, the world is unlikely to meet its GHG reduction targets.

UNGC’s Guide to Responsible Engagement in Climate Policy, which calls for companies and trade associations to ensure their lobbying aligns with their public position on climate change.

We are a member of The Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (https: www.carbonpricingleadership.org ), which is hosted by the World Bank.

The CPLC brings together leaders from government, the private sector and civil society to share experience with implementing carbon pricing and promote effective carbon pricing systems and policies.

In early 2018 we hosted a CPLC webinar (https: cbey.yale.edu node 1975) in which we shared our own approach to internal carbon pricing.

A low carbon economy will be better for consumers, businesses, supply chains and society but getting there is challenging.

Strong policy measures and carbon pricing applying a cost to each tonne of carbon emitted, one of the most effective ways to encourage investment in low carbon solutions are needed to accelerate the transition.

The removal of fossil fuel subsidies is also essential, as subsidies act as negative carbon prices.

Since July 2016, we’ve set our own internal price on carbon: 30 per tonne emitted, increasing to 40 per tonne in 2018.

This approach supports our business strategy to become carbon positive in our operations by 2030 ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ).

Externally, we have consistently advocated in favour of carbon pricing policies.

The pricing of carbon, as well as the disclosure by companies of climate related risks, is necessary to ensure the efficient functioning of markets.

Internal carbon pricing can help businesses future proof themselves in a rapidly changing external context.

The WEF (https: www.weforum.org ) is an international institution committed to improving the state of the world through public private cooperation.

Leaders, which advocates ambitious action on climate change.

The group meets annually in Davos to collaborate to drive action on climate change in their own businesses and networks.

In 2017 the group developed a report highlighting collaborative action being taken on climate change, which was launched at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January 2018.

Commission aims to analyse and communicate the economic benefits and costs of climate action and inaction.

It has published extensive research showing that an accelerated transition to a low carbon world can improve the quality of economic growth, diffusing some of the surrounding myths.

We’re a member of RE100 (http: there100.org ), a campaign to encourage organisations to set goals to be powered by 100% renewable energy.

We have engaged by supporting the organisation’s campaigns and participating in policy focused events in the UK and Brussels.

Led by the governments of Canada and the UK, the Powering Past Coal Alliance brings together countries and companies committed to an accelerated phase out of coal as a fuel source in the energy mix.

The B Team (http: bteam.org ), founded and led by global business and civil society leaders, aims to catalyse a better way of doing business for the well being of people and the planet by adopting a Plan B for business.

November 2015, we were one of 22 signatories of the B Team letter (http: bteam.org original content net zero goal is needed for the world and is good for business ) sent to global Heads of State, urging world leaders to set a long term goal for net zero emissions by 2050.

This goal is broadly aligned with the ambition to limit global temperatures to 1.5 degrees above pre industrial levels, cited in the Paris Agreement.

In 2016, the B Team advocated for corporate boards to play a bigger role in understanding the risks of climate change and developed a guide to support Climate Competent Boards (http: bteam.org announcements playing offence corporate boards as catalysts for climate action )’.

And in January 2018, the B Team issued a progress report for the Net Zero by 2050 Campaign (http: www.bteam.org announcements report launch progress towards net zero by 2050 challenges trends teamwork 2 ) which contains more information.

Despite this change in position, we remain committed to advocating for legislation to address the need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the US and elsewhere.

BICEP advocates for meaningful energy and climate legislation that will enable a rapid transition to a low carbon economy.

Through lobby days and media engagement, we are proud to continue our support for policies necessary to limit the effects of climate change.

We Are Still In (https: www.wearestillin.com us action climate change irreversible) pledge a public proclamation in coordination with other businesses, NGOs and state and local leaders in the US, showing we are committed to doing our part to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement.

The Summit will bring together leaders from state and local governments, business, and citizens from around the world, to demonstrate how the tide has turned in the race against climate change, showcase climate action taking place around the world, and inspire deeper commitments from each other and from national governments in support of the Paris Agreement.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our in a sustainable future. headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Reducing transport emissions Better routes, more efficient vehicles, alternative fuels.

We’re looking at all the options so we can continue reducing our emissions from transport.

Our logistics network transports our finished goods over 1.5 billion kilometres each year from our factories to where they’re sold that’s the equivalent of travelling to the moon and back twice every day.

Our transport CO emissions are equal to our emissions from manufacturing.

The transport sector is still heavily reliant on fossil fuels which means that as our business grows, our CO emissions from transport are also at risk of increasing.

We usually don’t own the vehicles, trains and boats used to transport our raw materials and finished goods, so we work closely with our suppliers and operators to integrate sustainability initiatives.

We’re also involved in several cross sector sustainable transport initiatives aimed at creating change at regional and national levels.

This starts with selecting the right locations for our distribution centres, to allow efficient transportation from our factories and to our customers.

When using road transport, we plan each journey to establish the most efficient route, so we can reduce the number of kilometres travelled and avoid empty trucks on the road.

We pay close attention to how we load each lorry, making sure we use the maximum space available and or weight allowed (known as optimising fill rates).

To help with this, we are standardising our pallet sizes and introduced double decker trailers in some markets, which can hold more products.

Our Big Bang’ project in Europe, for example, includes a focus on using trucks and pallets efficiently.

In 2017, the project increased truck load fill rates by 2%, meaning more products transported on each journey and fewer truck journeys overall.

In China, we reviewed the transportation of one of our ice cream brands.

Through making changes to the pallet size adding one extra layer we increased our load fill by 11%, creating savings of 500,000 as well as reducing our CO emissions.

Technical innovation also has a role in creating a logistics network that’s as efficient as possible.

In the US for example, we use thermal insulated blankets that enable some temperature sensitive shipments to be transported in normal trailers.

Driver behaviour can make a big difference to fuel use on road journeys, so we’re also piloting an education programme in our LATAM business, focusing on eco efficient driving techniques.

And in China, transportation by rail increased to 55% in 2017, and several road routes have been replaced by sea routes.

Where rail or sea routes are not feasible, we’re continuing to optimise how we transport goods by road.

Philippines for both primary and secondary transport, which allowed us to halve the loading and unloading time and resulted in a 16% load fill improvement, consequently helping us to reduce our CO emissions.

We’ve been involved in developing a technological solution to this challenge which is creating positive results for our business and lorry drivers.

Freight Matching (DFM) technology uses smartphone apps to connect companies who need to transport goods, with small trucking providers who have spare capacity.

It then automatically arranges, tracks and reports on the shipment.

By matching goods ready for shipment with available space, DFM can reduce the number of empty trucks travelling, cutting traffic and ultimately CO 2 emissions.

Studies show that this software could reduce empty miles’ travelled by 10%.

In 2017, we extended our pilot from three to 15 countries, and aim to introduce DFM across all our markets.

DFM adds flexibility to our supply chain, making it easier and quicker to find drivers.

It also reduces our costs because the fees are less than traditional brokerage fees.

Our partnership with DFM providers allows us to jointly shape the future of on demand road transport while adding flexibility into our supply chain.

It is easier for drivers to find jobs and they get paid more quickly, with fewer empty loads improving their livelihoods.

We’re conducting alternative fuel trials around the world, including in the US, Europe, India, Indonesia, Turkey, Argentina, China and Russia.

LNG are also quieter producing 50% less noise pollution.

LNG has the potential to be used as a fuel for long haul transportation in Europe, however a lack of fuelling stations is a major obstacle.

Commission to address the environmentally friendly transport solutions on a larger scale.

In the US, we are using compressed natural gas (CNG) as an alternative to diesel.

Along with CNG, we are also looking at adopting the electric vehicles for our transportation needs.

Although CNG and LNG have many benefits compared to diesel, they are a good first step in our goal towards developing a low carbon road transport network rather than the long term solution.

We need fuels that will enable us to achieve even bigger cuts in our CO emissions.

We will continue to explore these alternatives, and address obstacles to their use such as gaps in worldwide infrastructure, technology, and the availability of sufficiently powerful engines.

Climate friendly freezers We make more ice creams than any other business.

We’re leading the way in deploying natural refrigerant and low energy freezers to reduce the greenhouse gas impact of our freezers and working with others to create an industry shift.

Why do we need climate friendly freezers Freezers come with a significant climate footprint.

Not only do they use energy to run, many also contain hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) refrigerants strong man made greenhouse gases (GHG).

Freezers are designed to keep these refrigerants sealed inside.

But, if they do get released (for example during maintenance or at end of life), they have a global warming impact thousands of times greater than the equivalent amount of carbon dioxide.

We’ve been taking action on this issue since 2004, working with our customers, suppliers, NGOs, governments and other manufacturers.

To reduce our GHG impact, we focus on two areas: cutting the direct emissions from HFCs and reducing indirect emissions from energy consumption.

We purchase freezers that use natural hydrocarbon refrigerants (HCs) instead of freezers using HFC refrigerants.

By the end of 2017, we had purchased around 2.6 million freezers containing natural refrigerants.

Our ice cream brands, including Wall’s, Algida, Ben Jerry’s and Kibon, are sold from three million freezer cabinets in over 45 countries.

Through using HCs in our freezers, we’re contributing to the global shift in the freezer industry towards natural refrigerants.

We’re members of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), which uses its influence to encourage suppliers to develop natural refrigerant technologies.

The combined influence and reach of the member organisations involved mean that there is huge potential to change behaviour across industries and governments towards reducing the GHG impact of freezers.

This is essential as the demand for refrigeration is growing rapidly worldwide.

Energy reductions for our customers Our freezers use energy to keep our ice cream at the right temperature and in perfect condition.

As well as using freezers with natural refrigerants, we’ve been working for many years to reduce the energy consumption of our freezers, so they use less electricity and generate fewer indirect carbon emissions.

We partner with freezers manufacturers to develop and deploy low energy freezers.

In 2017, the freezers we purchased consumed on average 50% less energy per freezer than those purchased in 2008.

We’re continuing to work on new technical solutions in design, insulation and refrigeration systems so we can take our energy reductions even further.

We work closely with our strategic suppliers on developing new solutions and sustainable practices, and providing them to our customers (retailers).

Our freezers are generally owned and operated by us, but our retail customers pay the electricity bill.

As we improve our freezer energy efficiency, this also reduces running costs, benefiting our customers.

It’s easy to get motivated about energy reduction and natural refrigerants.

I’m an engineer by training and an environmentalist at heart.

Environmental challenges like climate change cannot be solved by doing things on a small scale.

A quantum shift is needed, and industry has a huge part to play.

You can do a lot more through the power of industry.

There are limits to what I can do as an individual, so I’m lucky that I can make an impact through my job within Unilever.

When I joined Unilever two and a half years ago, a huge amount had already been achieved our freezers purchased today use half the energy they did ten years ago.

Research Development is getting harder and harder we have to be even more innovative.

The key focus is on ensuring energy efficient freezers are as cost effective for the business as possible.

Renewable energy is also a focus and it’s been fantastic to see our first solar powered ice cream cabinets being trialled.

A big part of our job is working with suppliers and communicating our requirements most innovation comes from collaborating through the supply chain.

By showing suppliers the demand is there, we can help bring these innovations to the commercial market more quickly.

Everything we do is a team effort, both within Unilever and with suppliers.

We couldn’t have achieved the progress we’ve made without everyone working together.

Innovation and the future We’re continually innovating and collaborating with freezer manufacturers to further reduce the energy consumption of the freezers we buy.

We’re also exploring the use of renewable energy to power our freezers and further reduce carbon emissions.

In 2017, we developed and trialled 50 mobile ice cream cabinets fitted with solar panels in the US and India.

These cabinets use just 10% of the electricity of a standard cabinet.

They can work for up to 10 hours using solar power alone and recharge overnight from the electricity grid.

We plan to further trial and develop solar power freezers in 2018, including for static freezer cabinets.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Innovating to reduce greenhouse gases We are redesigning and innovating products to bring more benefits to people while cutting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

Technology and innovation are playing a critical part in addressing climate change and in opening up the opportunities for business that a low carbon economy will bring.

We want to use our expertise in innovation and R D to bring people products they enjoy but which come with lower GHG impacts, both in our factories and when they’re being used.

We apply a lifecycle based approach, encompassing the sourcing of raw materials through to product manufacture, distribution and how consumers use and dispose of our products.

We annually calculate our GHG footprint ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases Our greenhouse gas footprint ) on around 3000 products and across 14 countries that are representative of our global product portfolio.

The footprint results, which are available to all our employees, are used as the basis for assessing projects in our innovation process through our in house EcoDesign tool.

Project scores are tracked and reviewed by senior management.

Sustainable innovation and design are also vital to our growth.

In January 2017, an international study by Unilever ( news press releases 2017 report shows a third of consumers prefer sustainable brands.html) revealed that a third of consumers (33% of the 20,000 participants across five countries) are now choosing to buy from brands they believe are doing social or environmental good.

Hellmann’s and Ben Jerry’s which have integrated sustainability into their brand purpose and products.

Innovation should never stop and when an idea works, we aim to share it across our business.

That’s why our Customer Development team in Argentina have taken their idea for reducing both GHG emissions and costs and made it better, and why we're helping other teams around the world share its benefits.

The team's insight came in 2015 when they looked at the cost and environmental impact of what we call POP that is, the point of purchase materials used for standing displays and shelves in stores selling our products.

By replacing high impact polystyrene with recyclable corrugated plastic or cardboard, the team found they could reduce both our GHG footprint and our costs.

Argentina a total of 4,000 stores and had saved nearly 50 tonnes of CO , 2 as well as nearly 1 million in costs.

Pakistan, Portugal, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and Chile.

Euca Plack, which is 100% renewable, recyclable and biodegradable.

No logging is involved Euca Plack is made from branches that are pruned or fall naturally from the trees.

In September 2017, the team began using Euca Plack to replace the MDF previously used in our POP materials in Argentina.

The team aims to reduce the associated GHG emissions by around 90% while reducing costs by around 50% once the replacement process is complete.

For more than 25 years, Seventh Generation has been formulating products that make a difference for consumers, which are also designed with environmental and human health in mind, demonstrating that business can serve society and the planet, as well as make a profit.

Seventh Generation team developed a new line of disinfectant sprays which are propelled by compressed air and are non flammable.

The sprays contain a botanical disinfectant made from essential oils.

After using the sprays, which kills 99.99% of household germs, consumers don’t need to rinse surfaces.

This innovation has achieved over 10% market share since being launched.

Innovations in laundry through Persil Powergems In 2017, we launched our latest laundry innovation Powergems.

A brand new kind of premium detergent that’s neither a liquid nor a powder.

Twice as concentrated as laundry powder and using 100% active ingredients, Powergems offer a new format with the triple power to clean, freshen and care for clothes with one product.

The innovation has the potential for significant environmental benefits.

The highly concentrated product formulation means that packaging is up to 30% lighter than traditionally used for laundry detergent plastic bottles or cartons, and the formula contains less chemicals.

Cleaner clothes, smaller footprint Compacted powders, liquid detergents, better concentrated liquids, refill containers that reduce plastic waste our laundry brands have produced a strong track record of innovation to reduce GHG emissions while maintaining performance.

Mighty, enable consumers to wash clothes at lower temperatures, reducing GHG by up to 50% per load.

Concentrated detergents mean that we can fit doses for more washes in smaller bottles, and so fewer raw materials are needed and more products can fit onto pallets, reducing transport costs.

Innovations such as semi concentrated liquid products help consumers who find it hard to change their dosage behaviour.

Alongside our work on liquid detergents, we continue to lead the industry in developing lower impact powders by removing or reducing phosphate and zeolite key components with high GHG impact.

By the end of 2017, we had reached a 95% reduction in the global use of phosphates across our laundry powders.

And we eliminated phosphates in 100% of our machine dishwash products.

Our phosphate reduction has resulted in lower CO emissions by up to 50% per single consumer use.

We’re continuing to investigate technologies that could lead to zero phosphate products in the future.

Reducing emissions alongside costs through concentrates Fabric conditioners are also a large part of our laundry business, and over 51% of our fabric conditioners are now in concentrate form.

This requires less than half a regular dose of other products, meaning we can fit more washes into smaller bottles, further reducing GHG emissions, as less raw materials are needed, and reducing packaging and transport costs.

Helping people to reduce emissions Consumer behaviour is a vital part of addressing climate change so we’re creating opportunities for people to reduce their emissions by providing innovative products.

Creating opportunities to cut emissions If we can offer people products they want to buy while also helping them to cut their emissions, we have a 'win win' situation: growing our market share while reducing our overall GHG footprint.

Encouraging people to change their habits is challenging, but it’s an important opportunity to reduce GHG emissions, especially when supported by innovation and better product design.

Working with retailers, industry bodies and other partners to inspire people to take small actions that make a big difference.

WaterSavers: children leading the way on energy use If we don’t take action against climate change, the impacts will be felt by future generations as well as our own.

Our WaterSavers initiative works with schools and football soccer clubs, partnering with businesses and NGOs in the Netherlands to build awareness among young people of how changing behaviour in particular, taking shorter showers can make a real difference to GHG emissions.

Crowds, specialists in educational content, an additional 890 school classes signed up for the 2017 2018 WaterSavers school programme.

In 2017, our WaterSavers programme won the European AIM Nudging for Good Excellence Award.

On National WaterSavers Day, 3 November 2017, we announced that we had reached over 430,000 people so far with our Deal of 5 Billion, which aims to get 600,000 people to pledge to take five minutes or less in the shower, a commitment which would translate into saving 5 billion litres of hot water.

In 2017 we extended our target to saving 10 billion litres of hot water.

Nonetheless, we know measuring behaviour change can be difficult, particularly in the long term.

To help us capture the true long term impact of the programme, we’re collaborating with university behaviour science departments to develop more robust methods of measuring behaviour change.

WaterSavers, we're encouraged that the most recent three year water usage study of the Dutch water sector organisation, Vewin, shows an 8% decrease in average shower times in the Netherlands, from 9.1 minutes to 8.4 minutes.

Although there’s still a long way to go, it’s clear that progress can be made.

Sure, Dove and Vaseline brands are a breakthrough innovation.

Launched in 2013, they offer people the same deodorant protection but with 50% less gas and 25% less packaging, cutting the carbon footprint per can by approximately 25%.

We have invited all manufacturers to use compressed technology in their own aerosols and have provided a detailed how to’ guide to help them.

Our dry shampoos are another of our innovations that help people cut their GHG emissions.

Compared to washing hair with shampoo in heated water, using dry shampoo reduces GHG emissions by approximately 85%.

It allows women to refresh hair between washes, saving time and extending the period that their style lasts.

In 2017, we sold our dry shampoos in ten countries under nine brands, including Dove, TRESemm , Suave, TiGi, Sunsilk and VO5.

Persil encourages consumers to use quicker wash Helping people to adopt laundry habits that cut their GHG emissions, such as correct dosing, washing at 30 degrees, washing a full load and using shorter wash cycles, can make a big difference.

In Europe alone, if all 26 billion washes made by people each year moved from a two hour standard cycle to a 30 minute wash, it would save 40 billion hours of machine time, reducing energy use by around 30%.

Most washing machines in Europe and Turkey now offer a more energy efficient quick wash cycle, as well as a lower temperature option.

Mighty, which guarantees faster stain removal and impeccable cleaning when using the quicker wash option.

The brand has been encouraging consumers to shorten their washing machine cycles and has found that the number of consumers using quick cycles has increased, along with an understanding of the environmental benefits.

In 2014 in the UK, for example, one in four consumers claimed to use a quick wash, and six in ten claimed to apply energy saving economy or quick wash settings.

Working with retailers to encourage change One of our best opportunities to encourage people to switch to products that have a lower environmental impact is when they are shopping.

Providing people with information on the environmental impact of products helps them make more informed decisions about what they buy.

For example, in partnership with leading retailer Walmart, we have our ongoing initiative, Sumate al EcoLavado’ (Join us at Ecowash), in Argentina.The partnership aims to educate consumers on the environmental benefits of products from our Skip and Omo brands, which clean well at lower temperatures and require shorter wash cycles to help people to cut their energy use.

A leading role in industry bodies We take a leadership role in industry programmes to influence consumer behaviour.

Maintenance Products (AISE) the detergents industry representative body.

We support their Cleanright initiative (formerly Washright), which provides sustainability advice for household cleaning products.

We support AISE’s Charter for Sustainable Cleaning, which requires annual reporting on key sustainability performance indicators.

It also certifies products that meet specific sustainability criteria across the industry.

AISE’s I prefer 30 ’ campaign in the UK, Denmark France, and Belgium.

Alongside this work, we are also contributing to the Product Environmental Footprint project of the EU Commission, which aims to provide consumers with relevant environmental information about products based on their full life cycle.

Water use Water scarcity is a huge problem for people, society and business.

Water is critical for the planet, its ecosystems and its inhabitants to survive and thrive.

At a human level it is essential for life, and at an economic level, it is a central fuel for the global economy.

Water is critical for the manufacture and use of our products.

Constraints on the quality and quantity of the water available limits our ability to operate effectively and meet the needs of our consumers.

And this number is estimated to increase significantly, with the Water Resources Group estimating that 25% of the total water demand in 2030 will not be met.

Household water scarcity is becoming a major issue in fast growing cities in developing countries where infrastructure has not kept pace with the growth in population and income.

Climate change, urbanisation, population growth and a growing middle class have combined to create a global water crisis characterised by droughts, floods and localised shortages such as recently experienced in Cape Town.

Tackling this challenge requires collective action from companies, governments, non governmental organisations (NGOs) and consumers.

Here, the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 6 (SDG 6) provides a common framework for achieving sustainable water access for all by 2030.

We believe that a world with water for all is a critical platform for achieving the rest of the Sustainable Development Goals.

The water pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) contributes to a number of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), primarily: Clean water and sanitation (SDG 6) Decent work and economic growth (SDG 8) Industry, innovation and infrastructure (SDG 9) Responsible consumption and production (SDG 12) Climate action (SDG 13) and Partnerships for the goals (SDG 17).

Our strategy We’re addressing the challenge of water scarcity holistically, so consumers can continue to enjoy our products and we can enable our business to thrive in a water constrained world.

The business case The Home Care and Beauty and Personal Care product categories in which we operate consume more than 90% of the water used at home, from washing dishes to washing hair, skin and clothes.

As a result, people experiencing water scarcity are making trade offs about how they will use their ration of water.

We also know that when droughts strike, agricultural prices often increase, and an energy crisis often follows as water is a critical ingredient in energy production.

This drives up prices, creating a triple hit on our business.

Our approach Water systems are hugely complex and interconnected.

For example, what impacts suppliers can impact the availability of raw materials to our business and ultimately, impact our consumers.

We have set out a global water strategy to both safeguard our ability to operate and help contribute to SDG 6.

Water is essential for people to enjoy our products.

With limited water, we struggle to wash our hands, our clothes, our bathrooms or make a refreshing cup of tea.

This is reflected in our water footprint over 99% of our water use occurs when consumers use our products, particularly when doing laundry, washing hair, showering or bathing.

So our Research and Development teams are focusing on developing products that provide the same performance with less water, poor quality water or no water at all.

We’re also working with our suppliers to reduce the water used to grow our crops, and we’re reducing water use in our own factories across the world.

The actions of one user in a watershed can determine the water supply for everyone else.

If the water system in which we operate whether we’re growing tea, manufacturing our products or selling to consumers depletes in quality or quantity, our business is at risk.

Because of this, in areas where there are higher water risks, or we own agricultural sites, we’re building our water efficiency efforts through engaging with local communities and taking collective action with others to contribute to better water security for all.

Our focus We’re accelerating our product innovation to meet the needs of people in water scarce regions, while continuing to reduce water use in agriculture and our own manufacturing operations.

Our efforts are focused on areas where we can have the biggest positive impact.

Our internal Water Board is responsible for our water strategy and our water targets.

Its focus is on driving water smart innovations to achieve business growth, and it’s chaired by our Home Care Category President, Kees Kruythoff.

Develop innovative products which help people adapt to a water scarce world.

Build our Pureit and Qinyuan drinking water purification business.

Support agricultural suppliers on better irrigation techniques and equipment, to improve crop yields using less water.

Proactively map and manage water and climate risk in the supply chain.

Continue to drive sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations.

Work in partnership with government, like minded businesses and civil society to tackle wider systems challenges around access to water, sanitation and hygiene.

Our commitment Halve the water associated with the consumer use of our products by 2020.

In addition, in our own operations, the water abstraction by our global factory network will be at or below 2008 levels, despite significantly higher volumes, by 2020.

Progress to date In 2017, our water impact per consumer use reduced by around 2% compared to 2010.

The main cause for the difference between our 2016 and 2017 result, is that our portfolio is now made up of more products that have a higher than average water footprint.

Because of this, we have increased our focus on product innovations that use less water, whilst also encouraging consumer behaviour change.

We have made significant reductions in the water used in manufacturing, where our factories have abstracted 19.8 million fewer cubic metres of water in 2017 than in 2008.

This equates to a reduction of 39% per tonne of production.

We are also working with our agricultural suppliers in 2018 we are launching our renewed Sustainable Agriculture Code, which as clear guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart Agriculture, including water management.

By the end of 2017, we had jointly developed over 4,000 water management plans with our agricultural suppliers.

Future challenges Investment in infrastructure (both natural and man made), government regulations and action by the private sector are all essential to any lasting solutions.

Through our advocacy work we will promote policies and market based solutions that enable more people to have access to water, sanitation and hygiene.

Water pricing, water metering, efficient household appliances and water saving products are all necessary levers to create the systemic change urgently needed for sustainable water use.

However, in some countries it will take time for governments to improve the quality and quantity of water supply.

There is an immediate need for new products that use water much more effectively in the home and which work well in low quality water.

Our challenge is to accelerate our innovation pipeline to meet people’s needs.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

We are reporting against our five water using sub categories (Laundry, Hair Care, Oral Care, Skin Cleansing and Household Care) in seven water scarce countries: China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the US.

Targets performance We have an ambitious commitment to halve the water associated with the consumer use of our products in water scarce countries.

Halve the water associated with the consumer use of our products by 2020.

In 2017, our water impact per consumer use decreased by around 2% since 2010.

We have made significant reductions in the water used in manufacturing, reducing the water abstracted for manufacturing by 39% per tonne of production compared to 2008.

However, the biggest impact comes from water used by consumers when they shower, bathe and clean with our products.

In 2017, the water associated with the consumer use of our products reduced by around 2% versus 2010.

The main cause for the difference between our 2016 and 2017 result, is that our portfolio is now made up of more products that have a higher than average water footprint.

Over the last seven years we have learned more about people’s needs in water scarce situations so we have sharpened our internal strategy to align with this, considering water quality and quantity issues.

We have continued to make progress in designing and rolling out products which require less water.

Our patented SmartFoam technology in our Sunlight 2 in 1 Handwashing Laundry powder and our Rin detergent bar both use up to half the water needed for rinsing, making the washing process easier and quicker for consumers in water scarce regions.

This innovation has contributed to Sunlight, part of our global Surf brand, increasing its market share in South Africa.

In 2016 we opened our Suvidha Hygiene Centre in India.

Located in one of Mumbai’s largest slums, the Centre provides water, sanitation and hygiene pay per use services, including laundry and washing facilities, and safe drinking water, to over 1,500 people.

The Centre uses circular economy principles to reduce water use.

Fresh water is first used for bathing, handwashing and laundry.

The waste water from these activities is then used for flushing toilets.

This business model is an opportunity to unlock new markets, investments and innovation, whilst meeting consumer needs and contributing to the delivery of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) particularly SDG 6 on clean water and sanitation provision.

We also continued to scale up our Sunlight Water Centres in Nigeria, with 18 centres opened by the end of 2017.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

We are reporting against our five water using sub categories (Laundry, Hair Care, Oral Care, Skin Cleansing and Household Care) in seven water scarce countries: China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the US.

Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

By 2020, water abstraction by our global factory network will be at or below 2008 levels, despite significantly higher volumes.

This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of production.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 78% reduction per tonne of production and a 65% absolute reduction.

Compared to 1995 this represents a 77.4% reduction in absolute terms.

We will focus in particular on factories in water scarce locations.

All newly built factories will aim to abstract less than half the water of those in our 2008 baseline.

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India and Iran started production in 2017.

When fully operational each aims to abstract only half the water for factory operations than those factories in a representative 2008 baseline.

We have reduced the total volume of water abstracted for use in manufacturing by more than three quarters since 1995.

In 2017, we achieved a reduction of 39% per tonne of production compared to 2008, achieving this despite growth in our production volume since 2008.

The reduction equates to around saving 2.6 litres of water for every person on the planet.

Our progress has been driven by continuous improvement initiatives at all sites to reduce, reuse and recycle water.

We do this through a combination of low cost and no cost techniques and behaviours, and a water specific capital investment programme.

We continue to track and drive improvements in water performance as a component of our overall water strategy.

Water efficiency has demonstrated strong financial paybacks, reduces our dependency on water resources and supports process innovation.

Providing 50 million households in water scarce countries with laundry products that deliver excellent results but use less water by 2020.

In 2016, One Rinse products were used in 4.9 billion washes in over 59 million households worldwide.

Although we achieved our target ahead of schedule, we have continued to reach households in water scarce countries.

Comfort One Rinse products are available in Brazil, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam all countries experiencing water scarcity.

In 2013, we began a partnership with the Vietnamese Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment to raise awareness about water scarcity in rural areas, educate people to change their laundry rinsing habits, and show how the benefits of using Comfort One Rinse can help reduce water use.

This campaign was particularly resonant during 2016 and 2017, when Vietnam endured its worst drought in 100 years.

During 2017 alone, our Comfort One Rinse campaign enabled people to reduce their own water use and donate water to drought affected regions, reaching 14 million people across Vietnam.

We will develop comprehensive plans with our suppliers and partners to reduce the water used to grow our crops in water scarce countries.

Water management is an integral part of our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

Close to 100% of our vegetable suppliers, including tomato suppliers, now comply with our Code.

Almost all, when using irrigation, have water management plans in place and report on water used in irrigation.

We have been collecting irrigation data from our suppliers as part of the implementation of our Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF 762KB) since 2011.

We are close to 100% coverage now in key crops like vegetables and tomatoes.

An important step in our sustainable sourcing programme will be the launch in 2018 of the renewed Sustainable Agriculture Code, which has clear guidance on all aspects of Climate Smart Agriculture, including water management.

Impacts of climate change on agriculture will be different in different parts of the world.

In 2018, we will commission detailed studies of where climate risk is highest for the various crops that we buy.

These will help us understand where we must focus our efforts to support suppliers and farmers to adapt to and mitigate contributions to climate change.

To further support farmers in their understanding of water management on their farm, we have been working with the Cool Farm Alliance to develop an online Water Footprint Calculator.

This feature will go live in 2018, complementing the Carbon Footprint Calculator and the Biodiversity Effectiveness assessment tool.

Our water footprint We measure the water that people use when showering, bathing, cleaning and cooking with our products.

We also measure the water we add to products during the manufacturing process.

Accurate measurement and transparent reporting of our water footprint helps us adapt our strategy, set ambitious targets, and assess our progress towards our 2020 halving commitment.

Why do we measure our water footprint We rely on water to run our business from growing crops, to operating our factories.

People need water to use many of our products from cooking food, to washing their hair or doing the laundry.

More and more regions in the world are experiencing water scarcity, and many communities lack a reliable supply of clean water.

Climate change is making this worse by increasing droughts and disrupting weather patterns.

This is why it is important for us to measure our water footprint to track our progress towards halving our water impact by 2020.

Measuring our water footprint enables us to see which of our products require the most water.

We pay particular attention to the water used with our products in areas of water scarcity.

We’re looking at how climate change may affect the availability of water and what risks this creates for our consumers, our suppliers and our business.

Water used in agriculture In 2012, we assessed the water used to produce our main agricultural raw materials.

The study indicated that agricultural water use makes up approximately 15% of our footprint.

Although we are a big company, some of our largest volume raw materials, such as palm oil and tea, are generally rain fed and therefore not water intensive.

The image below shows the relative impact of agricultural crops in our value chain.

Household Care, Laundry, Oral Care and Skin Cleansing.

We calculate our water impact annually, both at an absolute level and per consumer use’, which is the water impact of our consumers doing a load of laundry or taking a shower.

These measurements enable us to see where we are making improvements and where we still have work to do for example, by innovating new fast rinse products, or by moving towards product formats that either require less or no water.

Our definition of domestic water scarcity is based on how many people in each country experience physical water scarcity and the number of people who lack access to sanitation and clean water.

So even though our water scarce countries represent only about 40% of our sales volumes, these are the areas where our water saving innovations have the greatest benefits for our consumers.

On average, each use of our products required 13.8 litres of water.

However, we also acquired skin cleansing and hair care brands in countries that use above average amounts of water.

This overshadows the progress we’ve made and makes it difficult for us to reach our committment of halving our water impact by 2020.

Our biggest water use over 99% occurs when consumers use our products.

Our analysis shows that most water is used for laundry, particularly washing clothes, and for showering, bathing, and washing hair with our products.

In contrast, the water used as a product ingredient accounts for less than 1%.

Measuring our water footprint is just the first step.

We use our footprint to help us to reduce the water required to use our products ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use water smart products for water stressed living ).

We also measure the water used in manufacturing as part of our eco efficiency in manufacturing programme ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact eco efficiency in manufacturing ).

Assurance of our 2017 water performance measure In 2017, PwC carried out independent assurance of our latest water performance measure for the third year.

Please see Independent Assurance ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ) for more details of our assurance programme.

Working with suppliers farmers to manage water use Water scarcity impacts farmers across our supply chain but with the right support, they can cut water use, boost yields and adapt to climate change.

Across most of the world, over 70% of freshwater is used for agriculture.

This can have a devastating impact, especially for smallholder farmers.

Water scarcity is already a major challenge for farmers in many of the countries where we source our crops.

Climate change will make this worse as more sectors and countries feel the impacts of rising temperatures, more frequent droughts and unpredictable changes in rainfall patterns.

Water scarcity and climate change are major risks to our business, because of the potential impact on the supply and cost of the ingredients we use in our products.

So, we’re taking action to help farmers in our supply chain adapt to the effects of climate change, and to use water more efficiently.

We focus on water scarce countries and our most water intensive crops, such as tomatoes.

Can we use less water and still grow more Good water management can increase the quantity and quality of crops while reducing the amount of water used.

This is good news for farmers as it protects their business and can boost profits.

It also helps preserve vital water resources for local communities and ecosystems.

With our suppliers and growers we have jointly implemented over 4,000 water management plans through our sustainable sourcing programme ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing our sustainable agriculture programme ).

These plans can result in changes across the farm, from the use of drip irrigation to deliver water straight to plant roots preventing wastage, to the introduction of best in class crop varieties, and better soil and nutrient management.

Enhancing soil structure so it can hold more water and collecting rainwater from rooftops and run off can also make a big difference.

We focus on water quality as well as quantity, helping suppliers to use pesticides and fertilisers carefully and appropriately.

The principles of Climate Smart Agriculture practices which sustainably increase the productivity and resilience of the agricultural system while reducing greenhouse gas emissions are integrated in our supplier policies, which also detail our commitment to water efficiency and water management in agriculture.

As the impacts of climate change become ever more visible, our focus on sustainable agriculture is more important than ever.

Climate Smart Agriculture and are now rolling this out to farmers across our supply chain.

Installing a drip irrigation system is one of the most important steps a farmer can take to reduce water use.

It’s particularly beneficial for water hungry plants such as tomatoes, and crops grown in hot, dry environments or areas of water scarcity.

Drip irrigation systems use tubes to deliver a slow moving water supply directly to the soil and plant roots where it’s needed.

This way, much less water is wasted due to run off or evaporation.

Drip irrigation cuts water use by as much as 50% compared to overhead or furrow irrigation.

By creating optimal growing conditions, these systems can boost yields by up to 25 35% and, because the soil is not completely soaked, reduce the spread of fungal and bacterial diseases, as well as weeds.

In humid regions, this means the use of fungicide can be cut by up to 50%, lowering costs for farmers and even saving on labour.

The main drawback of drip irrigation is that systems can be costly to install, especially for smallholders.

We support farmers to adopt drip irrigation in water stressed areas where we’re confident that it will be profitable for them.

Our most recent drip irrigation projects include supporting smallholder farmers growing gherkins in India, and supporting onion and garlic growers in California.

Through our Knorr Partnership Fund ( about suppliers centre sustainable sourcing suppliers knorr sustainability partnership ) (KPF) we contribute to a number of sustainability projects, including providing technical support and in some cases funding to help farmers convert to drip irrigation.

This requires farmers to learn new techniques and we work closely with equipment suppliers to facilitate this.

Since 2010, the KPF has supported 1.3 million worth of water management projects.

Tomato farmers in the Mediterranean are experiencing unpredictable rainfall and water scarcity.

Gastouni region of Greece to cut water use by 28% while increasing yields and producing sweeter tomatoes.

The key to this change is a tensiometer a small probe that measures the amount of water present in soil.

A dial at surface level gives an at a glance guide to the conditions below ground.

Previously farmers had to decide when to irrigate based on experience and estimates.

Now they can see in an instant when their tomato fields need irrigation, informed by real time, reliable data.

The KPF has been co funding the cost of the tensiometers and providing training to help farmers make the most of the new tool.

With several tensiometers carefully placed across their land, the farmers who cultivate tomatoes for our Knorr sauces, soups and stocks can see immediately when their fields need irrigation and water them as needed.

And yields have gone up from 76 to 83 tonnes per hectare.

What’s more, with the optimal amount of irrigation, the tomatoes have a chance to ripen in just the right way, and that’s been reflected by an increase in their brix level the official measure of tomato sweetness.

It's a great result for the environment, our farmers and our Knorr consumers.

Helping rice farmers in Arkansas save water and improve yields Our Knorr brand buys large volumes of rice in the US each year.

Arkansas is the biggest state producing rice in the US, but farming is depleting the groundwater at an unsustainable rate.

Rice uses 35% of the irrigation water in Arkansas, so it’s a big part of the problem.

Without action now to tackle the issue, farmers could run into problems as early as 2040.

Our Knorr teams met with rice farmers to understand potential solutions.

They found that farmers were using a wide variety of techniques to grow rice, so there was no one size fits all solution.

Farmers were keen to test several techniques that have a proven ability to save water, such as alternate wetting and drying, new breeds of rice, levelling the land, row cropping and polypipe irrigation systems.

Knorr is co funding a package of different solutions with our supplier Riviana for 11 farmers, covering up to 600 acres of land over three years.

Farmers will trial a number of techniques for saving water and share best practices.

Arkansas will be providing technical assistance to help measure results.

Smallholder farmers in southern India face many challenges in trying to earn a living.

Water scarcity and climate change pose major threats to their livelihoods.

Yet simple changes can make a big difference, if farmers have the right information and support.

With our support, Marcatus QED has helped around 3,700 families implement low tech’ drip irrigation systems which increase yields by 20% and reduce water use by 25%.

Through the programme, around 4,500 smallholder farming families have also been trained in improving soil health, through composting and other techniques.

Also in India, we’re working with processor Varun Agro, in Maharashtra state, to enable over 5,000 smallholder farmers (https: www.youtube.com watch v ll5rEN bS58) to grow tomatoes for our Kissan ketchup.

These farmers cover approximately 9,000 acres of land and all these fields now use drip irrigation.

Plans are in place to extend this to another 5,000 farmers.

Beyond the farm a whole system perspective We can’t solve the problem of water scarcity in agriculture through changes at farm level alone.

We need to take a whole system perspective that looks at the wider impact of agricultural and industrial practices on water supply and quality to help address some of the underlying causes of water scarcity.

We’re looking at the effects of deforestation on tea production.

Forests are critical in making sure rainfall patterns remain stable and that water catchment areas are protected.

This is essential for tea plants, which require regular rainfall to produce their best leaves.

Biodiversity Action Plan places a high priority on planting and maintaining trees.

We are also involved in a project to protect the South West Mau forest in Kenya.

Initiative’s Sustainable Landscapes Initiative’ to stop and reverse deforestation.

As part of this work, in 2017, we planted 112 hectares of trees in a forest area that was destroyed by wild fires in 2016.

We have also engaged local communities in monitoring the newly planted trees, to ensure a good success rate.

We have also committed financial and technical resources towards rehabilitating two water springs within the area: Susumwet and Kipyieta.

The springs have been drying up, increasing the risk of conflict amongst different stakeholders in the area.

We have already restored the riverbank areas by planting indigenous trees, fencing off the spring area and providing watering points for the animals.

Transforming water management in India: more crop per drop Over 80% of India’s water resources are used for agriculture.

Yet many farmers face acute water shortages and low productivity.

HUF empowers local community institutions to govern water resources and enhance agricultural livelihoods through the adoption of responsible water practices that deliver more crop per drop of water.

HUF’s programmes are aligned with India’s national priorities on water, including recharging of ground water through aquifer management, promoting responsible use of water in agriculture and participatory water management.

HUF also works to improve resilience to the availability of water in company supply chains.

HUF’s current programmes operate in 2,400 villages across 57 districts in India and operate in partnership through 20 NGO partners and multiple co funders, including government development agencies, financial institutions and other corporates.

HUF has embraced the strength of partnerships and aspires to create positive systemic change.

Evidence based cases for adoption of innovations in agricultural practices.

Water conservation: more than 400 billion litres of water conserved through improved supply and demand water management.

Crop yield: additional agricultural production of over 650,000 tonnes generated.

Livelihoods: more than five million days of employment created through water conservation and increased agriculture production.

In 2017 Haskins Sells LLP independently assured the performance of the projects undertaken by HUF and its partners in the Water for Public Good programme.

Sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations In our manufacturing operations, we depend on sustainable access to water, both in terms of quantity and quality.

We use water as an ingredient in our products, to run our heating and cooling systems, and to clean our facilities.

Water is essential to life Access to safe water and sanitation, and sound management of freshwater ecosystems, are fundamental to human health, environmental sustainability and economic prosperity.

Through a number of initiatives, our global manufacturing water programme is contributing to UN Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6: Ensure access to water and sanitation for all.

Through continuous improvement initiatives across our factory network to reduce, reuse and recycle water, we’re decoupling our water use from the growing volume of products we manufacture.

This has saved approximately 19.8 million litres of water in total, equivalent to around 2.6 litres of water for every person on the planet.

In 2017, we reduced the absolute quantity of water abstracted by our sites by 2.9% and cut water intensity by 2.8% per tonne of production, compared to 2016.

Water reduction initiatives can range from process improvements and behaviours to improved water efficiency cleaning technologies.

We promote water reuse and recycling in our factories.

We now have over 50 zero liquid sites where wastewater is treated and then reused on site meaning virtually no water is discharged to the environment.

For example, our Amli factory in India is treating and reusing wastewater for utilities, such as cooling towers and boilers.

This is good for the environment and makes business sense.

Our new factory programme is helping us achieve our water targets.

We integrate water efficiency features into the core design of each new facility or factory upgrade, such as different technologies, low water cleaning and water recycling.

And we use best practices, from inside and outside the business, that reflect the latest sustainable design techniques and technologies.

Using less water can often help us save energy as we’re not pumping, heating and treating so much water.

Using less water also helps us to improve overall efficiency and reduce waste.

Since 2008, our water efficiency improvements have resulted in direct avoided costs of around 82 million.

Water efficiency is also building up our resilience to the impacts of climate change and helping us prepare our business for a future where natural resources will be increasingly scarce.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

We’ve already made big improvements in water efficiency in our factories, but we know we can still go further.

Clear objectives: We set specific water reduction targets for each factory.

Sites submit data monthly with performance tracked on a site, regional and group basis.

Reports are shared across the business each quarter.

Data and insights: We have been reporting environmental data since 1995 but from 2014, we started the roll out of our detailed Metering, Monitoring and Targeting (MM T) ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact eco efficiency in manufacturing our manufacturing sustainability strategy ) system.

This provides hourly data on water use across a site, giving us new insights into losses and wasteful behaviours, and helping to identify better ways of working.

For instance, in 2017 our Caivano ice cream factory in Italy used the data to improve water use during multiple weekend shutdowns.

They updated their shutdown procedures to include closing water access to non essential area.

Together with other actions throughout the year, the site has reduced annual water intensity by 9%.

Sharing of good practice: We encourage factory teams to share achievements through our online best practice portal.

Our teams can now learn from over 200 water saving techniques including new technologies, process optimisations and behaviours.

These range from zero cost initiatives such as the Caivano example above to best practices such as the installation of nozzles on hoses and large scale water recycling schemes.

Pioneering mindset: We support our people to rethink the way we use water, to reassess our processing methods and to adopt new technologies.

Where possible, we’re introducing waterless technologies such as waterless vacuum pumps and steamless heating systems.

Investment in water efficiency: Our centrally managed 6 million ring fenced capital fund invests in water projects, particularly in water stressed locations.

Our projects, which range from low or no cost behaviour changes to large initiatives such as the installation of water recycling centres have an average payback of just over two years.

We’re always on the lookout for new ways to help us save water during the manufacturing process.

Over the next year, we will be focusing on the use of data to develop new insights into how we’re using water and identify further reduction opportunities.

Protecting water quality Within the production of our products, a proportion of water that we abstract is used for activities such as cleaning, heating and cooling.

This water is then treated, reused on site where possible and or returned to the environment.

Through water recycling and zero liquid discharge projects, we aim to minimise the amount of water that leaves our factory.

To protect water quality, we make sure that all our manufacturing sites apply high standards for water discharge and meet local environmental regulation.

Managing scarcity and other water risks Unlike carbon, water is a local issue.

Each river basin or catchment area is discrete, and in most cases our manufacturing operations are reliant on the local supply of a particular basin.

Water scarcity is a major challenge in some regions, affecting people’s lives and livelihoods as well as local ecosystems.

Today, 48% of our manufacturing sites are located in areas classified as water stressed.

It’s important that we pay even more attention to saving water and managing water related risks at our sites in water stressed areas.

Aqueduct Tool, which is supported by media reviews and discussions with our local site teams.

We adopt a contextual approach to our internal water targets.

The performance of these sites is tracked separately, and the targets are often more stringent.

Capital Fund and activities such as metering, monitoring and targeting have been prioritised in these areas.

By the end of 2017, sites located in water stressed locations were 24% more water efficient per tonne of production than the average for Unilever sites.

Corporate water risk management But even in water stressed locations, the cost of buying water is often low and does not reflect its availability or its true value to our business or to local communities.

This means that many water efficiency measures may not meet our standard investment criteria.

To address this, we place additional value on water where it is stressed to drive greater internal investment.

In 2017, we invested 62% of our 6m capital fund for water into projects at water stressed sites.

In 2016 we conducted research with Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which applied inventory management principles to understand the potential impacts and business disruption costs associated with risks, such as restrictions to water supply.

We’re continuing to develop our understanding and actions around water pricing and water related risks.

WASH in the workplace In 2013, we signed the World Business Council for Sustainable Development Pledge for Access to Safe Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) in the Workplace.

This means we have committed to implementing access to safe water, sanitation and hygiene for all employees in our manufacturing and non manufacturing sites that are under our operational control.

The Pledge aligns with our hygiene and occupational health standards.

Supporting water security projects Water scarcity and declining water quality due to climate change, increasing demand, land use change and poor sanitation are all threats to long term water security for local communities in areas in which we have factories, and for us.

So we’re taking action to protect water quality and help ensure the long term security of water supplies.

Many of these projects are developed in partnership with community groups and local government, and support the SDGs, specifically SDG 6, ensure access to water and sanitation for all.

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and our Vision ( sustainable living our strategy about our strategy ) to grow our business, whilst decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and growing our increasing our positive social impact aims to contribute to the development of local communities around our key manufacturing sites.

The key areas of the Prabhat programme enhancing livelihoods, water conservation, health and hygiene, and most recently nutrition have been chosen as these contribute towards India’s goal of augmenting growth through appropriate development and fostering innovation.

NGOs to deliver the agenda on creating water for public good.

HUF provides the programme framework, supports in identifying implementing NGOs and funds the water pillar, and the supply chain team at Hindustan Unilever drive the programme on ground.

Prabhat’s water conservation programme is currently active across seven manufacturing locations.

Independently assured ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ) by PwC.

Water smart products for water stressed living With half of the global population expected to live in areas of water stress by 2025, new approaches to cutting water use at home have never been more important.

Water scarcity a problem for people, societies and business Our daily lives and simple chores depend on water.

But in water scarce regions, where the supply and quality of water is unreliable, people must go to great lengths to obtain the water they need.

They may be forced to walk long distances to collect and carry water by hand, or to buy expensive and potentially unsafe bottled water.

Lack of access to water reinforces many other problems in society and makes it hard for individuals to break out of poverty.

In sub Saharan Africa, 40 billion working hours are lost every year to collecting water.

More often than not, the responsibility for collecting water falls on women’s shoulders, reinforcing gender inequality.

When water is scarce, or supplies are unreliable, people limit how frequently they wash or do the laundry.

Climate change is set to increase the challenge of water scarcity, so the impact on individuals and our business will grow.

Water smart products and new ideas We’re investing in product innovation to cut water use, and we’re exploring options beyond our traditional business model to find new solutions for communities.

One priority is to research, develop and launch water smart products that is, new products or formulations that work well with less water such as easy rinse laundry products.

Our biggest water use over 99% of our water footprint ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use our water footprint ) occurs when consumers use our products.

So we’re concentrating on product divisions which require most water to use including laundry, household cleaning, skin cleansing, oral and hair care.

Water smart products are particularly suited to the needs of people living in water stressed areas but can also help encourage a wider shift to more sustainable consumption of water.

They will help our business become more resilient to the impacts of climate change.

However, water efficient products on their own aren’t enough when many communities still lack access to a clean, reliable local water supply.

That’s why we’re also investing in new projects and business models that can increase access to water, including the creation of community hygiene and water centres.

Rapid urbanisation means many low income people in India live without easy access to clean water, a flushing toilet and other basic services.

For example, more than half of Mumbai’s 12.5 million inhabitants don’t have their own toilet.

The urban poor may pay up to 50 times more for a litre of water than their richer neighbours, as they often have to buy their water from private vendors.

Pratha Samajik Sanstha, a non profit community organisation.

It provides flushing toilets, handwashing facilities with soap, clean showers, safe drinking water and state of the art laundry operations at an affordable cost for low income households.

Located in the heart of Azad Nagar, one of Mumbai’s many slums, the Centre meets almost 80% of people’s basic water needs for laundry, showers, toilets and handwashing.

The services are provided on a pay per use basis, which are below market rates.

Saving water is a priority for the Centre and circular economy principles have been integrated into its design.

Fresh water is first used for bathing, handwashing and laundry.

The wastewater from these activities is then used for flushing toilets.

The Centre’s water recycling unit helps to recycle 90% of the water used and a rainwater harvesting system helps to reduce the demand on mains water supplies.

Product innovation in our beauty personal care ranges can help people to reduce how much water they use in their home.

Planet range in the US launched in 2018 uses fast rinse technology in its conditioners.

These conditioners give great results while being quicker to rinse out.

If every woman in the US saved even 10 seconds per shower, it would save enough water to meet all the water needs of half a million people for that year.

Through providing fast rinse conditioners, sharing how to use’ instructions and social engagement, Love Beauty and Planet encourages people to go easy on the tap and cut their water use.

Smarter rinsing with SmartFoam In many developing and emerging countries, clothes are still washed by hand.

This time consuming task uses up to 40% of a household’s domestic water consumption.

Rinsing uses around 70% of this water and our research shows that people continue to rinse until there are no visible soap suds left.

The SmartFoam technology is a patented anti foam molecule, which reduces the number of rinses needed by up to half, by breaking down soap suds more quickly.

This saves significant amounts of water and makes washing easier and quicker.

Washing dishes can take up to 20% of daily domestic water but switching products can help people to use less water.

In India, our market research shows that people who use a liquid detergent, rather than a detergent bar, use one third less water when washing dishes.

This is equivalent to saving two buckets of water every time the dishes are cleaned a significant reduction, particularly for a country prone to water scarcity and drought.

She used to struggle to get the clean water needed to run her household of ten people and missed out on time that could have been spent on education, running her business and looking after family.

Binta’s story (https: www.youtube.com watch v k7tXJVE95q4) is far from unusual.

Collectively, women and girls in water scarce areas spend 1 around 200 million hours every day getting water for domestic use.

Our 18 Water Centres in Nigeria are giving people like Binta back this time by providing easy, affordable access to clean water.

The first two centres opened in 2014, through a partnership between Sunlight our laundry and dishwashing brand Oxfam and non profit organisation Technoserve.

With Technoserve, we have now opened 16 more centres, each benefiting more than 500 people.

The Water Centres are designed to be sustainable local businesses.

They sell clean water at an affordable price, and double up as the village shop selling food, goods, phone charging and mobile banking facilities.

The local community provides the land and in return has an equity stake.

Water Centres help subsidise sales of water at an affordable cost, and provide the resources and incentive needed to maintain the water boreholes.

We train local women to run the centres, giving them new skills and an opportunity to earn a salary.

The Centre provides for the daily needs of the community access to clean water and other essential products that are required by families.

I am meeting the needs of my community and making earnings from it.

It’s my desire that the business expands and that there will be many women working for Sunlight Water Centres.

The Water Centres are good for our business too, as they provide opportunities to sell Unilever brands.

These showed the cost to women and girls of accessing clean water, particularly in water scarce locations and called for action by government, civil society, business and communities.

Our Comfort One Rinse fabric conditioner cuts the volume of water needed for handwashing clothes by up to half per wash, saving around 20 litres.

It’s designed to quickly dissolve the foam created by detergent, so just one rinse is needed equivalent to one bucket of water instead of the usual three.

We first launched Comfort One Rinse in Vietnam in 2013 a country where one in every three people has no access to fresh, clean water.

Vietnam meaning we’re on track to achieve our ambition of saving 1 billion litres by the end of 2020.

We’ve learned that product innovation is often just the first step in getting people to change their laundry habits raising awareness is equally important.

Natural Resources and Environment to raise awareness about water scarcity in rural areas, educate people to change their laundry rinsing habits, and show how the benefits of using Comfort One Rinse can help reduce water use.

This campaign was particularly resonant during 2016 and 2017, when Vietnam endured its worst drought in 100 years.

During 2017, our campaign enabled people to reduce their own water use and donate water to drought affected regions, reaching 14 million people across Vietnam.

We also partnered with youth organisations, training 5,400 students to visit rural households with the One Rinse message.

Over 61,000 people made a donation by purchasing special packs of Comfort One Rinse.

In 2017, Comfort One Rinse accounted for 24% of the total fabric conditioner market in Vietnam.

Researching the next new solution for water scarcity Water recycling at home can help people in water scarce areas to make better use of resources.

We are conducting research into the recycling of household greywater the wastewater generated through activities such as washing and cooking to help us develop new product innovations for people who live in water scarce areas.

Africa have been analysing the potential risks and opportunities from using greywater in small scale agriculture, for toilet flushing and other non consumptive uses.

They have also developed materials to help people implement greywater recycling methods at home.

The UCEWQ are also working to develop a behaviour change programme for water which we can activate through our brands, with our consumers.

Explore our safety and environmental science ( about innovation safety and environment ) approaches to learn more about our work.

Waste packaging We purchase over 2 million tonnes of packaging a year.

Increasing resource scarcity means it is more urgent than ever to find solutions reduce, reuse, recycle and recover post consumer’ waste and move towards a more circular economy.

Every minute less than the time it will take you to read this section the equivalent of one rubbish truck of plastic is leaking into streams and rivers, ultimately ending up in the sea.

As a consumer goods company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and consequences of the linear take make dispose model.

Moving away from the linear model of consumption is a key priority in achieving UN Sustainable Development Goal 12 Sustainable Consumption Production.

Plastic packaging waste represents an 80 billion loss to the global economy every year.

The benefits of the circular economy approach are clear for business and the environment the more effective use of materials means lower costs and less waste.

It means new sources of value for customers and consumers, better risk management of raw materials, and improved approaches to the supply chain.

The waste pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan contributes primarily to two of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): Responsible Consumption Production (SDG 12) and Life Below Water (SDG 14).

Our strategy We are accelerating our efforts towards a more circular economy.

What is the purpose of packaging Packaging serves many purposes.

It protects products, keeping them safe from contamination.

It allows us to display vital information about how to use and dispose of goods safely.

Packaging makes it easy to dispense a product, or to reseal it after use, and can help preserve a product for extended periods.

It also offers convenience and portion control to match the different needs of consumers.

In developing and emerging countries, many products such as laundry detergent and shampoos are sold in single use sachets to make them more accessible and affordable for people on low incomes.

However, packaging can often end up as waste in landfill or as litter.

Public concern is also growing about the resources being used to produce packaging, the recyclability of packaging and the volume of packaging.

This concern has led to commitments by some leading manufacturers, including Unilever, to minimise resource inputs and increase the recyclability of packaging.

From a purely business perspective, discarding plastic makes zero sense.

Plastic packaging waste represents an 80 billion loss to the global economy every year.

A more circular approach is needed, where we not only use less packaging, but design the packaging we do use so it can be reused or recycled.

In a circular economy, materials are regenerated and constantly flow around a closed loop’ system, rather than being used a few times and then discarded.

It means that the value of materials, including plastics, is not lost by being thrown away.

A refreshed strategy In 2016 we reviewed our sustainable packaging strategy, acknowledging the growing concerns of governments, NGOs and the general public on the issue of packaging waste in the environment.

We assessed our achievements so far and identified areas where we could push ourselves even further.

Our refreshed strategy commits us to accelerate our efforts towards a circular economy.

Materials can be regenerated and constantly flow round a closed loop’ system, rather than being used once and then discarded.

This includes how we manage and use packaging waste once the consumer has finished with it.

We want to help lead the way towards a circular plastics economy.

So, in January 2017, we committed to ensuring that 100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

This target builds on our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets of halving the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020 and increasing the recycled plastic content in our packaging to 25% by 2025.

As part of our latest target, we will ensure that there are established, proven examples of it being commercially viable for plastics re processors to recycle the material and make it technically possible for all our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled.

In developing markets, where sachets are most popular, infrastructure for recycling is often limited and leftover sachets can end up in landfill, or littering the streets, waterways and oceans.

Over the last four years, we have co developed a new technology using a chemical process called CreaSolv .

The technology produces quality polymers that can be used to make plastic that can be used again and again offering the potential for a circular economy model.

We have proven through large scale industrial trails that CreaSolv is a technically viable solution to recycling sachets.

We will be trialling the use of CreaSolv at a commercial scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 2018.

We're collaborating with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and their New Plastics Economy initiative, by committing to publish the full palette of plastics materials that we use in our packaging by 2020, to help create the Global Plastics Protocol a plastics protocol for the industry.

Focusing on the three themes of recycling, re use and recyclability, the new plastics economy represents systems level change, and working with others in the plastic packaging sector is critical to its success.

Our commitment We aim to halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.

Our environmental targets are expressed on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

We have taken a lifecycle approach with a baseline of 2010.

Progress to date We have reduced our waste footprint, versus our 2010 baseline, by 29% per consumer use in 2017.

In addition, we have made a significant reduction in reducing waste from manufacturing.

In 2017 we achieved a reduction in total waste of 98% per tonne of production since 2008.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Future challenges To move to a circular economy approach we will need to fundamentally rethink the way we design our products and packaging.

This means carefully considering the systems in which our products flow.

We hope that CreaSolv will transform sachets from a global problem into a sustainable economic opportunity.

But as an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection that supports the process creating a circular model all can share.

No business can create a circular economy in isolation nor can we simply 'join' a wider circular economy until it actually exists.

There are many elements which are outside our control, such as selective collection of packaging waste, little or no infrastructure and limited investment in the waste industry.

We will continue to work with other businesses and urge governments to implement policies and frameworks that facilitate this fundamental shift.

Targets performance We have an ambitious commitment to halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products.

Halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.

In 2017, our waste impact has reduced by 29% since 2010.

We are more than halfway towards meeting our 2020 commitment to reduce the waste associated with the disposal of our products.

Our total footprint per consumer use has reduced by 29% since 2010 as we design packs which use less materials and as recycling rates increase.

We are making strong progress against our commitment in areas where we have direct control such as in reducing waste in our own operations and in the design of our products.

For example, we have removed thousands of tonnes of plastic from our Lifebuoy soap bar wrappers and Sunsilk shampoo bottles.

Infrastructure improvements in recycling and recovery have also contributed to our performance, however, we are finding the challenge for post consumer waste is in encouraging consumers to recycle, and having the right infrastructure in place to ensure materials are recovered and re used.

We work in partnership with others, including through industry collaboration initiatives, to stimulate recycling and recovery infrastructure, particularly for materials which are more complex to recycle, such as sachets in developing countries.

For example, we are using pyrolysis to convert sachet waste into an industrial fuel.

We have also co developed a new technology using a chemical process called CreaSolv .

The aim is to recycle high value polymers from used sachets, so they can be used again to make recyclable plastic packaging offering the potential for a circular economy model for sachets.

In 2016 we reviewed our packaging waste strategy, and committed to including at least 25% recycled plastic in our plastic packaging by 2025.

In 2017 we further committed to ensuring that all our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

By 2020 total waste sent for disposal will be at or below 2008 levels despite significantly higher volumes.

We achieved our target in 2012 with 76,000 fewer tonnes of total waste than in 2008, a 51% reduction per tonne of production.

This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of production.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents an 80% reduction per tonne of production and a 70% absolute reduction.

By 2015 all manufacturing sites will achieve zero non hazardous waste to landfill.

All newly built factories will aim to generate less than half the waste of those in our 2008 baseline.

In 2017 we disposed of 147,444 fewer tonnes of total waste than in 2008, a 98% reduction per tonne of production.

Compared to 1995, this represents a 99.3% reduction in absolute terms.

We achieved zero non hazardous waste to landfill across our global factory network by end 2014.

In 2017, we sent 0.07% of the non hazardous waste generated in the year to landfill from 11 of our sites.

New factories in Turkey, Vietnam, India and Iran started production in 2017.

When fully operational each aims to generate less than half the waste of those in our 2008 baseline.

Although we achieved our waste disposal target in 2012 eight years ahead of schedule we have gone further, continuing to drive improvements.

In 2017 we disposed of 147,444 fewer tonnes of total waste than in 2008 a 98% reduction per tonne of production.

We achieved our target of zero non hazardous waste to landfill one year early, at the end of 2014.

We believe this was a first for a company of our scale in our industry.

Our focus since has been on maintaining zero non hazardous waste to landfill, recognising that this is about an ongoing journey rather than achieving this for a moment in time.

In 2017, 11 sites disposed of a small amount of non hazardous waste to landfill.

We are confident our overall achievement is still industry leading and we have robust procedures in place to highlight any issues so that remedial action can be swiftly taken.

By replicating our zero waste model in other parts of our business, nearly 400 additional non manufacturing sites have also eliminated non hazardous waste to landfill.

We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our manufacturing sites worldwide.

However, incidents can occur where small amounts of non hazardous waste are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g.

We consider ZWL is maintained when less than 0.5% of non hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12 month period.

By 2025 all of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable.

By the end of 2018, we will publish the percentage of our plastic packaging portfolio that is fully recyclable.

We are exploring new technologies, business models and distribution mechanisms, as well as alternative materials, to drive our progress on developing further recyclable, reusable and compostable packaging solutions.

Treating plastic packaging as a valuable resource is a key priority in accelerating our efforts to a circular economy.

In January 2017 we announced that all our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

As part of this target, we will ensure it is technically possible and commercially viable for our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled.

We have also committed to invest in proving, and then sharing with the industry, a technical solution to recycle multi layered sachets, particularly for coastal areas which are most at risk of plastics leaking into the ocean.

We are further developing our data collection and reporting systems to enable independent assurance in the future.

The weight per consumer use has decreased by 13% in 2017 compared to 2010.

Our results show that our efforts in the last few years to reduce packaging through innovations, lightweighting and material switching are now becoming visible.

The results are also impacted by the effect of acquisitions and disposals.

Commercialising MuCell moulding technology has allowed us to reduce the plastic component in bottles by up to 15% versus the previous bottle.

We estimate that this will bring significant reductions in the amount of plastics we use once applied to other products.

Other examples of reduction initiatives include the use of compression injection technology in many of our tubs, conversion of bottles to flexible refill pouches and smart use of design strategy and technology enabling us to reduce layers within many of our sachets.

Working in partnership with industry, governments and NGOs, we aim to increase recycling and recovery rates on average by 5% by 2015 and by 15% by 2020 in our top 14 countries.

For some this means doubling or even tripling existing recycling rates.

We will make it easier for consumers to recycle our packaging by using materials that best fit the end of life treatment facilities available in their countries.

By 2025 we will increase the recycled plastic material content in our packaging to 25%.

This will act as a catalyst to increase recycling rates.

Around 4,850 tonnes of post consumer recycled materials incorporated into our rigid plastic packaging in 2017.

Recycling and recovery is a challenging target because we are reliant on public policy, infrastructure and consumer engagement.

Despite this, we have seen an improvement in our recycling rate.

The volume of materials recycled or recovered increased by 8% over 2016 2017 compared to our 2010 baseline.

In 2017 we saw an increase in the volume of post consumer recycled materials incorporated into our rigid plastic packaging.

For example, in Argentina, we increased the content of recycled polyethylene terephthalate (rPET) in Cif bottles to 50% in 2017.

Availability of recycled content at an acceptable quality level remains a key challenge for us in many of our markets around the world.

We have therefore started collaboration initiatives focused on producing quality recyclates which we are trialling in many of our packaging formats.

Our goal is to develop and implement a sustainable business model for handling our sachet waste streams by 2015.

We continue to investigate the potential of new technologies in both developed and developing markets.

Progress has been slower than we originally anticipated, however we feel that we are two thirds of the way there and will have a viable solution in the near future.

Our aim is to develop a closed loop system for sachet waste.

This will allow us to continue to provide the price and convenience of sachets to low income consumers, while tackling the environmental issues associated with their use.

Over the last four years, we have co developed a new technology using a chemical process called CreaSolv .

The technology produces quality polymers that can be used to make plastic that can be used again and again offering the potential for a circular economy model.

We have proven through large scale industrial trails that CreaSolv is a technically viable solution to recycling sachets.

We will be trialling the use of CreaSolv at a commercial scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 2018.

As an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection that supports the process creating a circular model all can share.

We hope that CreaSolv will transform sachets from a global problem into a sustainable economic opportunity.

We will eliminate PVC (polyvinyl chloride) from all packaging by 2012 (where technical solutions exist).

We have made very good progress in eliminating PVC from our packaging, including from the acquisitions we have made in recent years.

We have a robust system in place to ensure that any PVC entering the business through acquisitions is swiftly dealt with, and where there are no viable replacement options, such as the PVC used within the seals of metal lids, we are working with suppliers to develop appropriate technology to replace these materials.

Replacement solutions can take many years to develop as they need to meet the functional requirements of manufacturing, filling and consumer use.

In our top 21 countries, at least 90% of our office waste will be reused, recycled or recovered by 2015 and we will send zero waste to landfill by 2017.

By 2015 we will reduce paper consumption by 30% per head in our top 21 countries.

We will eliminate paper in our invoicing, goods receipt, purchase order processes, financial reporting and employee expense processing by 2015, where legally allowable and technically possible.

We achieved our target in 2013 with paper consumed per occupant 37% lower than 2010.

In 2016 we reached a 62% reduction against our 2010 baseline.

By 2015, 73% of our in scope Business and Finance Services processes were completed electronically.

By the end of 2017, we achieved our target of zero waste to landfill at our in scope sites in our top 21 countries.

We have extended our waste reduction efforts beyond our top 21 countries and an additional 33 sites are now zero waste to landfill.

Paper consumption per occupant is now 62% lower than our 2010 baseline in our top 21 countries and we will continue to push consumption lower.

Although 73% of our in scope transactions (excluding financial reporting and employee expense processes) were completed electronically in 2015, subsequent progress has been challenging.

Some countries do not yet allow electronic invoicing and we have found there is still a reluctance amongst some suppliers to accept e invoicing.

Despite these challenges, we remain committed to eliminating paper in our business and financial services processes.

Our waste footprint Measuring the waste and packaging impact of our products includes the recycling of our packaging and amount of leftover product in our packaging.

This enables us to set ambitious targets, transparently report our performance and assess our progress towards our commitment to halve the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.

Why do we measure our waste footprint We measure our waste footprint to track our progress towards halving the waste associated with the disposal of our products by 2020.

We use over 2 million tonnes of packaging each year, ranging from paper, board, metals such as aluminium, steel and glass, to plastics and mixed material laminates that we use in our sachets and pouches.

How do we calculate our waste footprint We measure our waste impact by quantifying packaging material that has not been reused, recycled or recovered, and the amount of product left over in primary packaging (for example, a mayonnaise bottle) after consumer use.

This helps us to develop packaging material that is light yet sufficiently solid to protect the quality of our products.

It also helps us design our packs so that as little product is left behind as possible when our consumers dispose of the packaging after use.

We’re also looking at packaging waste in the context of the local recycling infrastructure.

If systems are in place to recycle packaging and capture the value contained in the packaging that’s been thrown away this reduces the overall environmental impact of the packaging waste.

We track this as our aim is to choose packaging materials that are recycled or recovered in the countries where we sell our products.

We calculate our waste impact annually, both at an absolute level and per consumer use’, for example the waste impact of someone eating one serving of soup.

Our 2017 waste footprint Our absolute waste footprint is around 739 kilotonnes, which is equivalent to 0.6g waste per consumer use.

This reduction was achieved through a combination of: disposing of brands with packaging which was not widely recycled in the country of sale (e.g.

Ragu glass jars in the US) improvements in the recycling and recovery of packaging materials and packaging innovations which have reduced the weight of materials used.

Our analysis shows that primary packaging accounts for over 60% of our total waste footprint.

Products within our Laundry, Hair Care and Beverages sub divisions make the largest contribution to our waste footprint, accounting for more than one third of our total waste footprint.

Our footprint graphic below shows the contribution of primary and secondary packaging minus national recycling and recovery rates (specific to each of the 14 countries where we measure our footprint) to our total waste footprint.

We also account for product leftovers the product left behind in the primary pack when a consumer discards it.

Together, these make up the waste footprint related to the disposal of our products.

We also annually measure the reduction in the weight of our packaging, which is reported in Waste Targets Performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ).

Our environmental targets are expressed against a baseline of 2010 and on a 'per consumer use' basis.

This means a single use, portion or serving of a product.

Rethinking plastic packaging towards a more circular economy We want to move towards a more circular economy, so that more plastic packaging has the best possible opportunity to be reused or recycled.

Every minute the equivalent of one rubbish truck of plastic is leaking into streams and rivers, ultimately ending up in the ocean.

An estimated 100 million marine animals die each year due to discarded plastic.

Economy_Catalysing Action_13 1 17.pdf) estimated that by 2050, there will be more plastic than fish in the world’s oceans.

The root causes of ocean plastic are complex, but it is clear that urgent action is needed on multiple fronts.

So, how did we end up here Cheap, flexible and multipurpose plastic has become the ubiquitous material of today’s fast moving economy.

The linear take make dispose’ model of consumption means that products get manufactured, bought, used once or twice for the purpose they were made, and then thrown away.

As a consumer goods company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and consequences of this linear model.

From a purely economic perspective, discarding plastic makes zero sense.

According to the World Economic Forum, plastic packaging waste represents an 80 120 billion loss to the global economy every year.

A more circular approach is needed, where we not only use less packaging, but design the packaging we do use so it can be reused, recycled or composted.

A circular economy is restorative and regenerative by design.

This means that materials constantly flow around a closed loop’ system, rather than being used once and then discarded.

As a result, the value of materials, including plastics, is not lost by being thrown away.

The benefits of the circular economy approach are clear for business and the environment more effective use of materials means lower costs and less waste.

It means new sources of value for customers and consumers, better risk management of raw materials, and improved approaches to the supply chain.

We want to help lead the way towards a circular economy for all our packaging materials but especially plastic.

To help create an end market for this material, we also committed to increase the recycled plastic content in our packaging to at least 25% by 2025.

We are among a small but growing number of brands, retailers and packaging companies to make plastic packaging commitments.

But more needs to be done to make reusable, recyclable and compostable plastic the new normal.

That begins by making it technically possible for all our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled but it also means demonstrating that there are established, proven examples of it being commercially viable for plastics re processors to recycle the material.

As a consumer goods industry, we need to go much further, much faster, in addressing the challenge of single use plastics by leading a transition away from the linear take make dispose model of consumption, to one which is truly circular by design.

We’re embedding circular thinking No business can create a circular economy for plastic packaging in isolation.

Rethinking how we design our products: using our Design for Recyclability guidelines that we launched in 2014 and revised in 2017, we’re exploring areas such as modular packaging, design for disassembly and reassembly, wider use of refills, recycling and using post consumer recycled materials in innovative ways.

Driving systemic change in circular thinking at an industry level: such as through our work with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and the Global Plastics Protocol.

Working with governments to create an environment that enables the creation of a circular economy, including the necessary infrastructure to collect and recycle materials.

Exploring radical and innovative approaches to circular economy thinking through new business models.

Find out more about how we are taking action in each of these five areas below.

Rethinking how we design our packaging Sometimes a new design or a whole new way of packaging products is the best way to reduce our impact.

We focus our efforts in three areas: reducing our use of materials, using more recycled content and ensuring our packaging is recyclable or compostable.

While we’re continuing to look for ways to develop completely new packaging solutions, we're also focusing on using lighter, stronger and better materials which have a lower environmental impact.

We aim to optimise materials each time we redesign our packaging or develop concentrated or compressed versions of our products.

It can take significant investment and ingenuity to reduce the amount of material in a pack, even by just one gram.

However, the return on investment is worth it when our innovations successfully reduce the packaging and waste impact in our value chain, and result in material cost savings and increased sales.

We’re collaborating with suppliers, academics, start ups and other organisations to develop new technologies.

This ensures a constant flow of innovative solutions to help us achieve our targets.

By combining the technology of a thinner polyethylene layer with a stronger polymer and smart polyethylene design in our Home Care brands' flexible packaging, such as sachets and pouches, we reduced polymer use by 1,400 tonnes in 2017.

In 2017, we launched our redesigned lighter weight Hellmann's mayonnaise jars, saving 367 tonnes of glass.

Alpla in 2014 reduced plastic use by up to 15% per bottle.

In 2017, we launched our Dove hand wash bottles with MuCell Technology, which has saved 304 tonnes.

Indonesia and Vietnam, with a redesigned jar and cap.

The redesigned packaging saved a combined total of around 84 tonnes of glass, plastic and paper in these three markets in 2017.

In 2015, we implemented injection compression technology to cut plastic use in some of our food tubs in Europe, saving around 21 tonnes of plastic in 2017 without impacting the quality of the product packaging.

In China, as in most countries, the majority of ice cream cartons are laminated to survive freezers temperatures.

So, we worked with an ink supplier and carton converter to develop a matt UV varnish to replace the film.

This could cut packaging waste in China by around 300 tonnes per year.

Refills also visibly reduce the volume of plastic used in our packaging, and have the added benefit of being more affordable for people.

In 2017, we launched refills across our Rexona body wash in Brazil and Dove shampoo in India.

We began using recycled materials in our plastic bottles in 2013.

Our new Love Beauty and Planet range in the US launched in 2018 has put packaging at the centre of its consumer proposition.

One new innovation is the use of a special adhesive which makes it easier to remove labels cleanly at the recycling facility.

The caps and pumps are not yet made from recycled content but we have a commitment to use at least 50% recycled plastic in pumps and caps by 2020.

The brand also contributes 40 per tonne of carbon to a carbon tax fund which helps to reduce carbon emissions, and fund initiatives that encourage higher recycling rates and set up recycling communities.

We want to use far more in the future and recapture our own packaging.

But factors such as the availability of high quality waste materials, legislation on food contact and creating a viable business case can all make this challenging.

To address these challenges, we must be both innovative and collaborative.

That ranges from ensuring we use recyclable materials at the outset and making them recyclable after use, to tackling wider infrastructural issues such as local collection and sorting facilities, to building the technical and commercial viability of reprocessing them at scale.

In 2013, we launched bottles of Knorr salad dressings in South Africa containing 30% of recycled PET (rPET) this increased to 35% in 2017.

In 2014, we launched Cif bottles replacing PET with 40% rPET across Argentina, increasing the content to 50% in 2017.

In 2017, we made a commitment to ensure that 100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

In Chile, for example, we moved from a non recyclable folding carton across three detergent brands Omo, Drive and Rinso to a 100% polyethylene (HDPE) bag which is recyclable, saving 1,634 tonnes a year.

As we continue to look for ways to achieve our target, we've found a way to use a plant based material for tea bags derived from renewable sources such as corn starch, which can be industrially composted.

Our Saga brand in Poland, Red Rose in Canada, and SariMelati and SariMurni teas in Indonesia have adapted their manufacturing process to use plant based materials.

In March 2018, we launched our first fully biodegradable PG tips tea bags in the UK, made with corn starch.

The aim is for all PG tips tea bags to use the new material by the end of 2018.

By committing to ambitious circular economy goals for plastic packaging, Unilever is contributing to tangible system change and sending a strong signal to the entire fast moving consumer goods industry.

The movement to a circular economy approach for plastics requires change across more than just our industry.

We need more circular thinking as a business and we have to work with others.

We are also supporting the creation of a Global Plastics Protocol a plastics protocol for the industry setting commonly agreed definitions and industry standards on what materials are put into the marketplace, to ensure our packaging is compatible with existing and cost effective recycling infrastructures.

Economy represents systems level change, and working with others in the plastic packaging sector is critical to its success.

For companies to invest in innovation towards new delivery models that promote reuse.

For more companies to commit to 100% reusable, recyclable or compostable packaging by 2025 and set stretching targets for using post consumer recycled content.

For a Global Plastics Protocol setting commonly agreed definitions and industry standards on what materials are put into the marketplace, to ensure our packaging is compatible with existing and cost effective recycling infrastructures.

For companies to engage positively in policy discussions with governments on the need for improvements to waste management infrastructure, including the implementation of Extended Producer Responsibility schemes.

Closing the loop on plastic packaging, so that used packaging is viewed as a valuable resource rather than thrown away, is a major opportunity and a major challenge.

In many markets, high quality, post consumer recycled material (also known as PCR) is difficult to source and so is often sold at a premium.

Greater manufacturer demand for post consumer recycled materials will produce an increasingly attractive business case for re processing services, and will also act as a catalyst to increase the collection and reprocessing of materials.

In 2016, Unilever joined an initiative called CEFLEX (https: ceflex.eu ), a consortium of around 60 European companies, organisations and associations across the entire value chain of flexible packaging including: raw materials suppliers, packaging converters, brand owners and retailers, producer responsibility organisations, collectors, sorters and recyclers, as well as other technology suppliers and potential end users of the secondary raw materials.

CEFLEX continues the work of the projects FIACE (EU) and REFLEX (UK) which both sought to quantify the added value of flexible packaging and identify opportunities to increase recycling.

Its mission is to make flexible packaging more relevant to the circular economy by advancing better system design solutions.

By 2020, it aims to develop robust Design for a Circular Economy’ guidelines for both flexible packaging and the end of cycle infrastructure to collect, sort and recycle.

And by 2025, it aims to develop a collection, sorting and reprocessing infrastructure for post consumer flexible packaging across Europe.

To move to a more circular economy approach we need to fundamentally rethink the way we design our products and packaging.

This means carefully considering the systems in which our products flow and working with national governments to develop waste infrastructure.

There are many elements which are outside our control, such as selective collection of packaging waste, little or no infrastructure and limited investment in the waste industry.

One area where we are making progress on developing the waste infrastructure within a country through multi stakeholder partnerships, is small multi layered sachets in Indonesia.

They give people on low incomes a convenient and affordable way to buy anything from shampoo to food to toothpaste creating less waste per millilitre of product than bottles.

Despite the benefits, they also pose a serious waste challenge.

In developing markets, where sachets are most popular, infrastructure for recycling is often limited and leftover sachets can end up in landfill, or litter the streets, waterways and oceans.

Until recently, it was not possible to recycle the sachets that we use.

Institute for Process Engineering and Packaging IVV in Germany that solves this problem.

CreaSolv is a breakthrough chemical process that recycles sachets and turns them into safe, high quality polymers for use again and again including in our non food packaging sachets.

It enables us to recover six kilos of pure polymers with the same energy effort as the production of one kilo of virgin polymer, reducing the CO2 footprint of sachets.

The sachets we plan to recycle won’t just be ours they will be a mix of all the sachets discarded by consumers, whether made by us or by our competitors.

And the recycled resin we produce can be used by anyone, not just Unilever.

Alongside an infrastructure for collecting and processing sachets which we are also working on with the relevant Indonesian ministries CreaSolv offers the potential for a circular economy model and is a win win for business and the environment.

We will be trialling the use of CreaSolv on a commercial scale at our Indonesian pilot plant in 2018.

As an industry, we need to build a recycling infrastructure for sachet collection that supports the process creating a circular model we can all share.

We hope that CreaSolv will transform sachets from a global problem into a sustainable economic opportunity.

Working with consumers to promote recycling Collecting and sorting recyclable materials plays an important part in ensuring they can be reused.

Consumers, therefore, have a vital role in the circular economy.

Our aim is to promote recycling among consumers, raise awareness at government and NGO level, and help workers economically.

We have a number of projects to encourage consumers to recycle more and to help people make recycling a lifelong habit.

CEMPRE to increase the types of materials recycled, drop off points for used packaging, and co operatives to sort materials.

A car, has drop off points in their stores where consumers can bring used packaging, and our brands engage with consumers to encourage recycling.

This initiative has collected over 100,000 tonnes of material since the programme began 15 years ago.

In 2017, we supported 94 recycling stations across 27 cities, and 21 co operatives that generate income (directly and indirectly) for over 3,170 people.

Incentivising behaviour change is a big part of inspiring lifelong recycling habits.

Government and retailers in the area to increase the volume of recycled material available to packaging producers.

Consumers are offered discount benefits to encourage them to bring their waste packaging to government recycling points.

In some countries, waste can be seen as an opportunity for enhancing livelihoods, with many informal but highly organised networks collecting waste for recycling.

Programme, empowering communities to manage their domestic waste.

Through our Unilever Indonesia Foundation, we help communities in 18 cities to develop a system where they can collect inorganic waste and sell it based on its value.

The money received is saved within the community waste bank and can be cashed in over time.

The system works like a regular bank, except that waste is deposited instead of money.

We also collaborated with local municipalities, and developed 11 sectoral and three city level waste banks.

These support small waste banks to channel waste, ultimately reducing the volume sent to landfill.

In 2018, the programme started a flexible waste pilot in East Java also collecting pouches.

Exploring radical and innovative approaches New business models and innovations, using circular economy principles, are transforming traditional take make dispose thinking with incredible speed.

Unilever wants to be part of the circular economy revolution and we are committed to pioneering breakthroughs in packaging waste.

Ioniqa and the largest global producer of PET resin, Indorama Ventures, to pioneer a new technology, which converts PET waste back into virgin grade material for use in food packaging.

This innovation is particularly exciting because it could unlock one of the major barriers today making all forms of recycled PET suitable for food packaging.

Indeed, making the PET stream fully circular would be a major milestone towards this ambition, not just helping Unilever, but transforming industry at large.

This is just one example, but many more breakthroughs are needed if we are to move towards a more circular economy in doing so, unlocking the economic prize for business.

Going beyond zero waste to landfill We achieved our target of sending zero non hazardous waste to landfill from our factories in 2014, six years ahead of schedule.

We're focused on maintaining that performance while reducing our waste at source.

Building on the achievements of our zero waste mindset We think a business can make a real contribution to the global effort of 'doing more and better with less'.

Our experience of working to reduce waste makes us believe that not only is it possible, it’s good for business.

In December 2014, we achieved our target to send zero non hazardous waste to landfill (ZNHWL) across our global network of 242 factories in 67 countries.

This means that the non hazardous waste that was previously sent to landfill is now reused, recycled or recovered.

We're proud of this achievement, which we believe was a world first on this scale in our industry.

We think the model that drove our factory achievements is repeatable beyond a manufacturing environment.

So, we set out to extend our zero waste mindset to other parts of our business.

Maintaining our zero waste to landfill performance Although we achieved our zero waste to landfill ahead of schedule, we still have a job to do to ensure that we maintain our performance.

We make sure that our newly built factories, or ones we acquire, don’t send non hazardous waste to landfill.

In 2017, 0.07% of our non hazardous waste was disposed to landfill.

We take any lapses very seriously and are confident that we have robust procedures in place to highlight any issues so that remedial action can be swiftly taken.

Each of our sites has undertaken a detailed mapping of its mixed waste streams so that we can consider every material we consume.

We have put in place dedicated collection and storage points to make waste segregation easier and provided training to employees involved in waste management, who have then developed detailed action plans for reuse, recycling or recovery.

Where we find approaches that work, we transfer them to our other sites around the world and we've found solutions requiring little, if any, investment, ensuring that our progress makes business as well as environmental sense.

How are we producing less waste We’re producing 37% less total waste than we did in 2008, and we’ve achieved around 262 million in cumulative cost avoidance.

Now that we send zero non hazardous waste to landfill, we want to keep focusing on minimising the amount of waste we produce.

Our waste reduction journey starts with refuse that is, avoiding waste being generated in the first place.

Eliminating or reducing waste at source is the best way of cutting our environmental impact and creates the most opportunities for savings.

For instance, at many sites, we require suppliers to use returnable pallets and containers, thereby limiting the amount of waste that we need to manage.

We want to be as efficient as possible at converting raw materials into products and reducing the amount of waste generated.

For example, at our St Petersburg deodorant factory in Russia, the plastic packaging of stick deodorants can be accidentally damaged before they leave the factory.

In 2017, a new machine that removes the product from the damaged packaging was installed, so that the plastic can be recycled and the product repacked.

We look for ways to reuse our materials ourselves or make them available for others.

When others reuse the materials we no longer need, we don’t count this as a waste because it helps reduce the consumption of natural resources in other industries.

For example, in our Port Sunlight factory in the UK, we receive raw materials and packaging in cardboard boxes.

We have found that these boxes can be reused by other industries, such as for home removals.

In 2017, we reused 648 tonnes of cardboard in this way.

We look at waste as a resource A central part of our zero waste mindset has been looking at waste materials as a potential resource.

Where we have not been able to find ways to reduce or reuse waste, we try to find routes to recycle it.

And if recycling routes are not available, we recover energy from the waste.

The majority of our waste is recycled, sometimes in innovative ways.

Mangalore factory in India composts organic waste and uses this to fertilise fruit gardens that grow food for the staff canteen.

At our Carrascal site in Chile, we’ve created a garden with furniture made from pallets and plant pots made from drums.

For most sites, recycling means segregating waste into paper, plastics, metal and glass and we can often sell this to recycling companies for them to make into new products.

Where we have not yet found routes for recycling, we recover waste materials instead and use them to generate energy.

At many of our factories around the world, we do this through our global partnership with the cement manufacturer LafargeHolcim and its waste management service provider Geocycle.

Our waste materials are pre treated and used as alternative fuel and raw material in their cement kilns.

Even the ash is used it is fully incorporated into the cement clinker, so it doesn't leave any residues.

This is used as a fuel in our boilers, which also helps reduce the carbon emissions from our site.

Sharing the value of materials through circular approaches We do all we can to reduce waste inside the factories, but we’re also encouraging our factories to close the loop’ and share resources wherever they can.

And, look to have a positive impact on their surrounding communities and ecosystems.

For example, in 2017, our Knorr factory in Mendoza, Argentina, received its first crop of leeks grown through a new project with local farmers.

We produce an organic soil conditioner by combining loose soil shaken from vegetables delivered to the factory with nutrient rich effluent.

The farmers use this on the same fields where the vegetables were originally grown.

Several of our sites are working with their suppliers to reduce the packaging that raw materials are delivered in.

In 2017, several of our sites extended their waste programmes to ensure that their employees also have a way to recycle the waste they generate at home.

Alegre site in Brazil implemented an eco point’ recycling area for employees to use at the entrance to the factory.

And our St Petersburg factory in Russia has a similar collection point that allows employees to dispose of hazardous waste like batteries and mercury thermometers in a safe way.

Reducing food waste By wasting less food, we can help increase food security.

That’s why in 2015 Unilever signed up to the Consumer Goods Forum’s commitment to measure the disposed food waste footprint ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging reducing food loss and waste ) from our manufacturing sites.

Through our zero non hazardous waste to landfill achievement, we’ve already done a lot of work to ensure all waste including food waste is reused, recycled or recovered.

But by working with others, we can eliminate waste on an unprecedented scale.

As the world focuses on the UN Global Goals for Sustainable Development to end extreme poverty, fix inequality and tackle climate change by 2030, the time for us all to drive more action on waste is now.

We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our manufacturing sites worldwide.

However, incidents can occur where small amounts of non hazardous waste are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g.

ZWL is maintained when less than 0.5% of non hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12 month period.

Non hazardous vs hazardous classification of waste streams is determined by local legislation in the locations where each of our factories operate.

What constitutes hazardous waste differs between countries and definitions can change frequently.

Our progress on reducing hazardous non hazardous waste We’re exploring how we can further cut waste at source as well as closely monitoring our performance, so we can drive improvements across our global factory network.

Our progress We track our performance across our global factory network.

The following charts show how much total waste we produce, how much we recycle and recover, and the amount of hazardous and non hazardous waste disposed.

In 2014, we achieved zero non hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) in our global factory network.

This means that the non hazardous waste that was previously sent to landfill is now reused, recycled or recovered.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

In 2017, we reduced the amount of total waste generated by our manufacturing sites by 37% per tonne of production compared to our 2008 baseline.

Total waste includes the hazardous and non hazardous waste that is recycled, recovered or disposed.

Of the total waste we produce including both hazardous and non hazardous waste that is recycled, recovered or disposed over 96% was reused, recycled or recovered.

In 2016, we started to measure waste reuse separately, and found we reused 38,000 tonnes of waste.

In 2017, disposed hazardous waste decreased by 42% per tonne of production compared to 2016 and was 68% lower per tonne of production than in 2008.

In 2017, our hazardous waste accounted for 0.5% of our total waste and remains a small component of our waste footprint.

Waste is classified as hazardous or non hazardous according to local legislation in the locations where each of our factories operate.

What constitutes hazardous waste differs between countries and definitions can change frequently.

We are continuing to reduce both our hazardous and non hazardous waste as part of our continuous improvement programmes.

We aim to maintain our achievement of zero non hazardous waste to landfill (ZWL) across our manufacturing sites worldwide.

However, incidents can occur where small amounts of non hazardous waste are sent to landfill in error or because of operational changes e.g.

ZWL is maintained when less than 0.5% of non hazardous waste is disposed to landfill in the 12 month period.

Reducing waste from our offices Eliminating waste is a priority in every part of our business.

In 2017, we achieved our target of sending zero waste to landfill from our offices.

Zero office waste to landfill To reduce our waste, we focus on using less, and reusing and recycling materials more.

We adopt circular economy principles where possible and aim to treat all waste as a potential resource.

In 2017, we achieved our target of sending zero non hazardous waste to landfill from 38 non manufacturing sites (offices, distribution centres and warehouses) in our top 21 countries and 100% of our office waste being reused, recycled or recovered.

We estimate this is preventing around 1,760 tonnes of waste going to landfill each year.

Our target covers non hazardous waste from sites where we either own or hold the majority lease (in scope sites) in our top 21 countries.

We have extended our waste reduction efforts beyond our top 21 countries and an additional 33 sites which are outside the scope of reporting are now zero non hazardous waste to landfill.

Sending zero non hazardous waste to landfill is a requirement in our real estate, design and construction standards.

But sometimes it can be complicated to reduce waste in some non manufacturing sites.

Often, we don’t own the site and may only occupy a small part of a building.

This gives us less control over how waste is collected and whether it is recycled.

So, we’re working in partnership with our landlords and third party suppliers to make sure how we tackle waste is considered right from the start, whether we build or lease new premises.

We’re using nearly 70% less paper Paper is one of the major waste streams from our offices.

Using less paper not only saves resources and prevents waste but also reduces energy used for printing.

Switching to paperless billing, using digital signatures and encouraging colleagues to print less are all part of our efforts to cut paper use.

With pull printing, we can monitor how much people print, significantly reduce unnecessary printing, and improve confidentiality.

As part of our Global Print Programme, we’re also reducing the overall number of printers and all printing is set by default to be double sided and in black and white, unless colour is needed for business reasons.

In 2017, we reviewed our fleet of printers at 58 sites and reduced it by a further 165 machines.

And digital signature technology means that fewer documents need to be printed solely for signing.

How are we reducing waste at source The most effective way to reduce waste is to prevent it being generated in the first place.

One of the big opportunities is to reduce single use items, like disposable cups and plastic bags.

So, we’ve eliminated single use plastic bags in over 80% of our staff on site shops to encourage our people to bring their own bags with them, with the aim of reaching 100%.

Reducing and eliminating disposable single use paper cups is also a priority.

This can be quite challenging as some sites need to install washing facilities before they can introduce reusable cups.

However, we’re making good progress with 60% of non manufacturing sites using reusable cups in 2017.

And we’re using what we’ve learnt to roll out reusable cups at our remaining sites.

This produces information on when and where food waste is generated, enabling our catering colleagues to take action to reduce it at source, and encourages our employees not to leave any food waste.

We also look for opportunities to reuse resources, including when moving or refurbishing our offices.

For example, during a recent relocation of our head office in Stockholm, our desks were still in good condition, but too large for the new premises.

A local joiner was employed to cut them down to the right size and paint them, ready to be reinstalled.

The team also worked with the landlord to reuse glass and door panels to build new meeting rooms, preventing waste.

What’s next Now that we’ve met our zero waste to landfill target, we want to use what we’ve learnt at more of our non manufacturing sites.

We’re also looking at the types of waste we produce, and how we can further reduce the volume that we’re generating.

In particular, our focus is on waste that we can cut entirely through changing our processes.

As well as preventing waste from existing in the first place, we’re looking at how we can reuse resources, rather than dispose of or even recycle materials.

As part of this, we’re exploring new ideas, technologies and partnerships so that we can move closer towards a circular economy.

In scope sites are where we either own or hold the majority lease and as such are able to influence the handling of waste.

Zero non hazardous waste to landfill is achieved and maintained when 0.5% or less of non hazardous waste (non hazardous disposed waste and recycled and recovered waste) across all in scope non manufacturing sites is sent to landfill or to incineration without energy recovery.

Our 2017 data covers the period 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our interest in a sustainable future. headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Reducing food loss and waste We're addressing food loss and waste across our value chain through innovation and collaboration.

Food loss and waste contributes heavily to climate change, making up around 8% of total global greenhouse gas emissions.

Food waste costs the global economy around US 940 billion each year.

Tackling the global food system on waste Tackling food waste is an opportunity to address food insecurity and mitigate climate change and it requires a global approach.

It means focusing on the systems by which food is produced, consumed and disposed of, by our industry and others.

That's a major challenge, and one we cannot address alone.

Although we’re working to reduce wasted or lost food in our value chain through innovation, design and outreach we’ve got a long way to go before we can have an impact on the global context.

That’s why we're also working with partners towards this wider systemic change.

Development (https: sustainabledevelopment.un.org sdg12).

Part of our Sustainable Nutrition strategy ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition ) focuses on reducing waste through working with our brands, suppliers, chefs and consumers.

To mend the world’s food system, our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition foods and refreshments that taste good, feel good and are a force for good.

Resolution (https: www.theconsumergoodsforum.com press_releases consumer goods industry commits to food waste reduction ).

This Resolution commits to halving disposed food waste by 2025 in retail and manufacturing operations, as well as supporting food waste reductions at consumer level and across supply chains.

During 2016 2017, we worked with the CGF and the World Resources Institute (WRI) to develop our reporting methodology (PDF 333KB) ( Images unilever food loss and waste methodology_tcm244 521458_en.pdf) to measure our food waste footprint in our direct operations so we can aim to be as efficient as possible in our manufacturing.

We use the Global Food Loss and Waste Standard, an accounting and reporting guide that helps quantify how much food is lost or wasted in our manufacturing operations.

In 2016 our benchmark year for our food waste footprint from our 165 food manufacturing operations, we disposed of 363g food waste per tonne of food produced.

We send most of our food waste for reuse, recycling and energy recovery that is, energy generated from the incineration process.

Only 0.54% of the waste from our food sites in 2017 was disposed into landfill, sewers or incinerated without energy recovery.

As most of our food products have a long shelf life such as mustard, ice cream and stock cubes we don’t produce much food waste in our direct operations.

However, we’re continuing to reduce how much waste we generate.

For example, if our ice cream packaging lines stop working, we safely store the ice cream so it can be packaged when the lines are fixed, rather than becoming food waste.

And when raw materials aren’t used in finished goods, we don’t want to waste them.

In Argentina for example, we use vegetable waste as soil fertiliser.

Since our food waste footprint number is very low, we have agreed with the CGF that it is not impactful to focus on halving it by 2025.

Instead, we will continue to report our disposed food waste from manufacturing and focus our efforts on reducing food loss and waste across our value chain.

We will do this by engaging with suppliers, retailers and consumers and advocating for food system reform.

That was the traditional rule adhered to by ketchup producers a rule that our Hellmann's brand felt needed to be broken.

Selecting only red tomatoes meant that up to 10% of the harvest was discarded.

So, we developed a new recipe, with fresh tasting herbs and spices, that used green tomatoes too.

Because rejecting green tomatoes which are firmer than red ones had been standard industry practice for years, our supplier's harvest and factory machinery had built in 'red selectors'.

With the next tomato harvest fast approaching, our team had to work quickly with our tomato supplier, Agraz, to find a fix.

The innovation is potentially preventing 2.5 million tomatoes going to waste each year.

Food banks: addressing waste and addressing want Food banks play a part in addressing food waste while also helping people who live in poverty.

Thanks to our broad portfolio of brands and the reach of our operations, we are in a unique position to contribute to food banks, by redistributing surplus stock that would have otherwise gone to waste.

By the end of the 2016, over 8 million people had benefited from our various food bank partnerships and hunger relief activities across the world.

Since 2014, we’ve been working with the European Federation of Food Banks (FEBA), helping food banks develop and extend their reach through organising educational programmes, financial assistance, purchasing new equipment and, in the south of France, sponsoring cooking lessons for families.

In 2015, we partnered with The Global FoodBanking Network (GFN), an international non profit organisation.

In the UK, we work with Oxfam to support setting up new community food banks and redistributing surplus food.

And in the US, we support Feeding America, the leading domestic hunger relief charity.

Improving inventory systems helps food banks distribute products efficiently and ensures no products are discarded due to reaching their expiry date.

No one wants to see food thrown away when there are people struggling to get by and the best way to address food waste is in partnership with others.

Argentine Ministry of Agroindustry to ensure less food is thrown away.

Bank since 2004, donating more than 6,500 tonnes of food in that time, and reaching over 110,000 people every day.

It is a relationship that makes sense commercially as well as socially.

We've broadened our work to reduce food waste through the DontWasteFood campaign.

Organization, and the Ministry of Agroindustry offers people tips on how to buy food, plan meals, cook smarter, and use leftovers, while avoiding food waste.

Our Knorr and Hellmann’s brands have been sharing recipes and tips for using up food leftovers with the help of our products through social media and advertising.

In December 2017, we launched the Save the food during the holidays’ campaign with Buenos Aires Food Bank and QuieroAyudar.org, which reached 15 million people through news articles and had 3.4 million impressions in social media.

Unilever Food Solutions helping chefs cut waste In the UK, food waste costs the food and hospitality industry 2.5 billion each year.

Around 920,000 tonnes of food equivalent to 1.3 billion meals is thrown away annually, despite the fact that three quarters of it could have been eaten.

Through our foodservice business, Unilever Food Solutions (UFS), we’re helping chefs and caterers to cut their food waste and see how much money they can save in the process.

Our Wise Up on Waste app launched in the UK in 2013, in partnership with the facilities services provider, ISS Food Hospitality (F H), allows chefs to track and reduce food waste.

OzHarvest, KiwiHarvest and Kaibosh, we donate AUD 0.50 cents to our partners each time a client purchases a case of selected UFS products.

This enables our partners to collect excess food both raw ingredients and made meals for free so that it can go to people in need.

In 2017, 30,949 meals were distributed through the partnership, which raised AUD 15,474.

Sustainable sourcing is vital to feeding the world’s people while respecting the planet’s resources and essential to the responsible growth of our business.

We believe a big part of the answer to both questions can be found in the widespread adoption of sustainable agriculture which is why we’re committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Sustainable farming methods have the potential to increase farmers’ yields considerably, mitigate the effects of climate change, and provide farmers, their families and their surrounding communities with opportunities to build more prosperous societies so they can contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.

Sourcing sustainably helps secure our supplies and reduces risk and volatility in our raw material supply chains.

It opens up opportunities for innovation: by focusing on people’s sustainable living needs and consumer preference, we build stronger brands.

Sustainable farming methods can also improve the quality of our products, such as our sauces, soups, dressings and ice creams.

Our products are used by 2.5 billion people a day that’s around a third of the people on the planet.

We need around 7 million tonnes of agricultural raw materials to make our products and millions of people play an important role in providing them.

Making sure that these agricultural raw materials are sustainably produced is crucial to Unilever’s purpose of making sustainable living commonplace.

The future of growth: facing the challenges finding opportunities Global supply chains are complex, and the production of food and other raw materials is linked to many issues, including deforestation, water scarcity and labour rights.

But by using our scale, working with partners and harnessing advocacy, we believe we can help drive transformational change in these global systems while improving the sustainability of our own agricultural raw materials.

At the same time, by connecting us to millions of people in farming communities, our agricultural supply chain will be central to achieving the social ambitions of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan for example, by creating inclusive supply chains for the smallholder farmers who produce around 80% of the food consumed in emerging markets from Southern Asia to sub Saharan Africa.

This process increases the visibility we have of our supply chain, helping us address risks and find opportunities to innovate.

It also helps us maintain the trust of consumers and other stakeholders trust that’s essential to a progressive foods company that believes in nutritious food, grown sustainably.

All involve working in partnership with others towards transforming global food systems.

This includes collaborating with suppliers, farmers, NGOs, and local government, as well as working with other businesses in the sector.

The work we are doing with smallholder farmers to achieve positive social impacts alongside sustainable agriculture is also described in Enhancing Livelihoods.

Programmes that drive change Since the early 1990s, we have pioneered a number of programmes and initiatives designed to drive the highest standards of sustainable sourcing within our operations and supply chain, developing them alongside wider industry and multi stakeholder initiatives.

These programmes and policies, notably our Sustainable Agriculture Programme, our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (PDF 682KB) (SAC) and our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 9MB) (RSP), are at the heart of our approach.

When we launched our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2010, we set a number of ambitious goals across our business, including to source 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Spurred on by those goals, we made rapid early progress through these programmes.

Find out more about Unilever’s supply chain (PDF 3MB) including geographic coverage by supplier type as well as our approach to critical supplier identification and third party supplier due diligence.

Evolving our approach In 2016, we began a full review of our sustainable sourcing strategy to ensure we continue to evolve our approach and maximise our impact.

We asked ourselves tough questions on how our supply chain can deliver the volumes of sustainable crops we need.

And on how we can raise our standards to manage risk as well as to enhance our positive social and environmental impact as we grow our business.

We looked, too, at changing market dynamics and how sustainable sourcing is evolving across sectors.

This in depth review highlighted the need for us to further strengthen our overall sustainable sourcing programme, and in particular to update our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC).

Working together with our suppliers, we have made strong progress.

However, there is now a need for us to adapt our approach based on learnings over the last six years to further reduce risk, increase trust in our supply chain and create industry wide change.

So in 2018, we will start transitioning suppliers from SAC 2010 and aim to certify an initial 40 suppliers against SAC 2017.

The updated Code includes a stronger emphasis on social issues across five key areas (no deforestation human rights, including Free, Prior and Informed Consent legal compliance migrant labour and grievance processes for workers).

Our review also confirmed that while our strategic direction is the right one for our business, society and the environment, we are unable to reach our target by 2020 despite the considerable advances we’ve made.

This is partly because of our lack of scale to achieve sufficient change across all crops.

And partly because the length and complexity of some supply chains make it very difficult to develop a line of sight on the farmers at the very beginning of that supply chain, and thus to reassure ourselves that their practices are sustainable.

So we now need to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact.

This has led us to pinpoint a set of priority crops and commodities, which not only are crucial to our brands but are also where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors.

These include palm oil, paper and board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables, cocoa, herbal infusions and vanilla.

We remain committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably but recognise that this must be a longer term ambition.

We’re also continuing to drive transformational change and enhance livelihoods across the industry.

Our commitment We are committed to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably by 2020.

Progress to date 56% of our agricultural raw materials were sustainably sourced by end 2017 (2016: 51%).

This includes over 51% as physical sustainable sources (2016: 48%) and nearly 5% in the form of certificates, used mainly in soy and sugar (2016: 3%).

While our strategic review has confirmed that we will not meet our target of 100% sustainable sourcing by 2020, we will place more emphasis on social issues as we pilot our strengthened Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 at scale in 2018.

We will continue to drive transformational change and enhance livelihoods across the industry.

For example, by repurposing the money we previously spent on GreenPalm certificates for palm oil, in 2017 we became the first corporate investor in the Green Fund, which aims to de risk private investment into large scale, deforestation free agricultural production and was set up in partnership with the Norwegian government and IDH, the Sustainable Trade Initiative.

Seeing the benefits of ambition We set ourselves an ambitious target for a reason: to create a new mindset and spur the innovation that can catalyse a step change in delivery, not only in our own business but across industries too.

We’re seeing the benefits of these changes, and of the lessons we’ve learnt about achieving transformation in a system as complex as food.

For example, we knew it was the right thing to do for our business when we set out to source all our tea sustainably in 2007, but we also knew there were many social and environmental issues to tackle.

They had to be addressed through a combination of action on the ground with partners to develop sustainable practices, and governments, industry and many other organisations to drive up standards.

Today, 81% of our tea is sustainably sourced, much of it from Kenya where 580,000 farmers working with the Kenya Tea Development Agency have achieved Rainforest Alliance certification for their farms.

And Rainforest Alliance CertifiedTM tea now accounts for around a fifth of the world’s tea production.

Future challenges While progress has been made, we’ve always recognised that the changes needed to transform global food systems can only be effected through collective action.

We take an active role in industry collaborations such as Field to Market and the Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform, and we’re working closely with others to develop industry standards of assurance and certification, particularly regarding labour rights and working conditions.

Nonetheless, we know that standards and certification alone do not in themselves guarantee solutions.

To make sustainable living commonplace, we need to continue communicating the value of sustainable sourcing to consumers, which is already a central aim of many of our leading Food and Refreshment brands, see Grown for good.

In doing so, we will influence their buying habits towards sustainably sourced products and drive growth for our business.

We have set targets for a number of our agricultural raw materials.

By 2020 we will source 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably: 10% by 2010 30% by 2012 50% by 2015 100% by 2020.

This includes over 51% as physical sustainable sources (2016: 48%) and nearly 5% in the form of certificates used mainly in soy and sugar (2016: 3%).

Many of our raw materials come from farms and plantations.

The decisions we make on who we source from, and how we work with them, can have profound implications on global natural resources and climate change.

They also have a wider social impact on human development, affecting the livelihoods of many.

By sourcing sustainably, we can protect scarce resources.

We want to eliminate deforestation and ensure that land use and social and community issues are managed responsibly.

For our business, sustainable sourcing means we ensure security of supply while managing our environmental footprint and reducing market volatility.

Over 2016 2017 we undertook an in depth review of our sustainable sourcing strategy to ensure we continue to evolve our approach and maximise our impact.

While we have made good progress, the review highlighted the need for us to further strengthen our overall sustainable sourcing programme, and in particular to update our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC).

So in 2018 we are piloting our Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 at scale.

The updated Code includes a stronger emphasis on social issues across five key areas (no deforestation human rights, including Free, Prior and Informed Consent legal compliance migrant labour and grievance processes for workers).

Our review also confirmed that while our strategic direction is the right one for our business, society and the environment, we are unable to reach our target by 2020 despite the considerable advances we’ve made.

This is partly because of our lack of scale to achieve sufficient change across all crops.

And partly because the length and complexity of some supply chains make it very difficult to develop a line of sight on the farmers at the very beginning of that supply chain, and thus to reassure ourselves that their practices are sustainable.

So we now need to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact.

This has led us to pinpoint a set of priority crops and commodities, which are not only crucial to our brands, but also where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors.

These include palm oil, paper and board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables, cocoa, herbal infusions and vanilla.

H2 Our targets Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We will purchase all palm oil from physically certified sustainable sources by 2019.

In 2016 we refreshed our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy and brought forward our target for purchasing 100% physically certified palm oil from 2020 to 2019.

In 2017 we reached 56% from physically certified sources for our core volumes (from RSPO Mass Balance, RSPO Segregated or an equivalent standard that is independently verified by a third party).

In 2016 we decided to stop buying GreenPalm certificates.

We aim to repurpose 50 million over five years that would have been spent on GreenPalm certificates and invest it in jurisdictional partnerships to increase the availability of certified sustainable palm oil and scale up direct sourcing from smallholder farmers.

In 2017 we committed to invest up to 25 million in the Green Fund, which aims to de risk private investment into large scale, deforestation free agricultural production and was set up in partnership with the Norwegian Government and IDH.

From 2017 we report only core volumes of palm oil.

Core volumes exclude derivatives of palm fatty acid distillates (which are by products of the refining process), tail ingredients and materials processed by third party manufacturers.

We will source 75% of the paper and board for our packaging from certified sustainably managed forests or from recycled material by 2015.

Paper and board are one of our priority raw materials and we reached 98% sustainably sourced in 2017.

Of this, 79% was received with a third party certification claim and full chain of custody to demonstrate that it came from sustainably managed forests or recycled material.

There are challenges for our suppliers in providing verifiable evidence to support the make up of uncertified products in our recycled material.

So in 2016 we set a new ambition to accelerate the volume of certified recycled products we purchase by 2019 and to source the recycled fibre from suppliers with third party certification.

Asking our suppliers to certify recycled materials offers reassurance for our business and equally importantly, helps build the market for certified recycled materials.

We will source sustainably all soy beans by 2014 and all soy oils by 2020.

We achieved our target to source 100% of our soy beans sustainably by 2014 (through the physical purchase of RTRS certified beans).

Soy is one of our priority crops and in 2017, 72% of our soy oil came from sustainable sources.

This includes Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS) certified soy oil, RTRS certificates redeemed in 2017 and self verified soy oil in the US.

In Iowa in the US, we're working with soy farmers and soy oil suppliers to increase the use of cover crops as a way of protecting their soil.

From just 26 farmers in 2015, the pilot project grew to around 170 farmers cropping more than 26,000 acres in 2017.

Lipton tea bags sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified estates.

By 2020, 100% of Unilever’s tea, including loose tea, will be sustainably sourced.

Since 2015, 100% of the tea in our Lipton tea bag blends has come from Rainforest Alliance Certified sources.

Overall, 81% of the tea purchased for all our brands was sourced from sustainable sources in 2017: 71% was Rainforest Alliance Certified and 10% was trustea Verified.

Tea is one of our priority crops and we buy around 10% of the world’s black tea.

In 2007 we were the first major tea company to commit to sustainably sourcing tea on a large scale.

In 2015, we met our target for 100% of the tea in Lipton’s tea bag blends to come from sustainable sources.

By 2017, 81% of all our tea came from certified sustainable sources.

In 2017 we worked on around 40 major programmes in our tea supply chain, with objectives such as increasing tea workers' and smallholders' incomes, improving health, empowering women, improving sanitation, addressing climate change and supporting biodiversity with individual programmes often tackling multiple issues.

For example, through field trials we commissioned from the Centre for Agriculture and Biosciences International, over 2015 2017 we’ve demonstrated that it’s possible to avoid using pesticides in Indian tea gardens by taking an ecological approach to pest management.

We will purchase 100% of our fruit from sustainable sources by 2015.

We will purchase 50% of our top 13 vegetables and herbs from sustainable sources by 2012 and 100% by 2015.

This accounts for over 80% of our global vegetable and herb volume.

Fruit and vegetables is a complex portfolio of materials with a very large and diverse supply base, making it difficult to achieve our 100% target across the entire portfolio by 2015.

By 2017, 86% of our fruit was sustainably sourced, but it will not be one of our priority crops from 2018 onwards.

While vegetables are one of our priority crops, getting from 98% to 100% by 2020 remains a challenge as for some of the vegetables we buy, the volumes are either small (making it hard to influence the market for sustainable supplies) or are technically difficult to convert to sustainable practices.

We will source cocoa sustainably for our Magnum ice cream by 2015.

All other cocoa will be sourced sustainably by 2020.

Magnum is our biggest ice cream brand and is on sale in 52 countries, with all but three of them now sourcing Rainforest Alliance Certified cocoa.

The challenge remains in sourcing Rainforest Alliance Certified cocoa for Brazil, Venezuela and Israel where the availability of certified beans is limited.

As cocoa is one of our priority crops, we are looking for alternative solutions to complete the final conversion.

We verify sugar beet primarily against our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) and mainly use Bonsucro certification for sugar cane.

In 2017 we bought self assessed and physical, certified sugar (beet and cane, 37%) and covered the rest of our sugar requirements with Bonsucro credits.

In Europe, in 2016 our supplier Nordzucker became one of the first to complete the Farm Sustainability Assessment developed by the SAI Platform and agreed by many businesses as a common code for the industry.

While Nordzucker’s sugar already met our SAC standards, we welcome the transition to SAI as a step towards mainstreaming sustainability.

On cane sugar, we pursued our dual strategy of creating more physical capacity on the ground while continuing to apply credits.

Through the Bonsucro platform, a not for profit, multi stakeholder organisation promoting sustainable sugar cane, we are working in the Americas and Asia to apply this approach.

We will source all sunflower oil sustainably by 2020.

In recent years, we’ve made good progress in sustainably sourcing our sunflower oil, increasing our volume to 53% in 2016 by rolling out our programme with our partners Cargill and ADM, and buying our first volumes of oil from sunflowers grown in Turkey and Argentina using our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

However, as a result of the in depth review of sustainable sourcing that we began in 2016, we have decided to concentrate our efforts where we can drive the greatest impact.

This means we will focus on a set of priority crops and commodities, which are not only crucial to our brands, but also where we can have most impact within their agricultural sectors.

So from 2018 onwards sunflower oil will no longer be one of our priority crops but we will continue to prioritise the sustainable sourcing of rapeseed, soy and palm oil.

We will source all rapeseed oil sustainably by 2020.

Rapeseed oil is one of our priority crops and we continue to make steady progress.

In 2017, the vast majority of our European rapeseed volumes were sourced sustainably.

This includes the oil for our German Rama spreads, and Hellmann’s mayonnaise in the UK.

The majority of these volumes are being sourced locally from growers located near our manufacturing plants.

We continue to work with our suppliers and other partners, including on a joint approach with our partner Bunge in Canada, where more than 214 farmers were signed up to our Sustainable Agriculture Code programme in 2017.

In close co operation with our farm advisers, Control Union, these farmers have transitioned their practices to our Sustainable Agriculture Code’s requirements well ahead of schedule.

We will source all dairy produce sustainably by 2020.

Dairy is one of our priority crops and we continued to make good progress, increasing our sustainable supply to 74% in 2017.

Suppliers and farmers have achieved sustainable dairy status in countries as far apart as the US, Uruguay, Europe and New Zealand.

In Turkey we are trialling ways of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions associated with milk including techniques that aim to improve the comfort, health and longevity of cows.

We also continued our efforts to convert industry sectors to a sustainable sourcing standard, building on our success in Australia and Ireland where since 2013 and 2015 respectively, the dairy sector has had programmes that are equivalent to our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

All flavours of Ben Jerry’s ice cream will be Fairtrade certified by 2013.

Ben Jerry’s ice creams were the first to use Fairtrade (FT) ingredients in 2005.

By the end of 2011 in Europe, we achieved Fairtrade certification for all our products produced and distributed in Europe.

In 2012, due to issues around quality and availability, we found we could not source all the FT certified ingredients we needed for a global conversion.

So we revised our target from our previous all ingredients’ to all flavours’ certified.

We identified that by using FT ingredients for the five major commodities in all our base mixes and for our chunks and swirls, and following proper Fairtrade derogation procedures, all our ice cream flavours would qualify for Fairtrade certification by 2013.

In 2013 we also decided to source only non GMO ingredients by seed source.

As this added complexity to our conversion programmes, we delayed our plans, achieving FT certification for all our flavours in 2014.

We aim to move to 100% cage free eggs for all our products, including Ben Jerry’s ice cream and Hellmann’s, Amora and Calv mayonnaises.

Our research shows that consumers prefer products made with cage free eggs.

We use eggs in mayonnaises, dressings, sauces and ice cream.

However, the conditions in which eggs are produced vary widely around the world.

We take animal welfare seriously as a social and ethical concern and were one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to start sourcing cage free eggs.

In Western Europe, Hellmann’s, Amora and Calv have been 100% cage free since 2009, and with the conversion of our supply chain in Eastern Europe, all our European products were able to use cage free eggs by 2014.

Ben Jerry’s ice cream has used only cage free eggs in Europe since 2004 by the end of 2011, 99% of all eggs used in Ben Jerry’s ice cream mix worldwide were cage free too.

In 2018 we announced our commitment to convert all our egg supplies to cage free by 2025.

By 2013 we will source all paper based office materials for our top 21 countries from either certified sustainable forests or recycled sources.

Our commitment covers office paper products such as printer paper, note books and envelopes.

By using paper from sustainable or recycled sources, we avoid using wood from non sustainable sources, helping our aim to end deforestation.

We achieved our target in 2013, when 100% of our paper based office materials for our top 21 countries came from either certified, sustainable forests or recycled sources.

All our suppliers sign a certificate of compliance, and we monitor compliance via quarterly reporting.

Where necessary, we have changed from non sustainable products to sustainable products.

We then extended our ambition from the top 21 countries to all other countries in Europe and Latin America, with the aim of reaching 100% compliance by the end of 2015, which we achieved.

While we no longer report on this target as we achieved it in 2013, we continue to drive greater use of sustainable paper across our business.

Our approach to sustainable sourcing We're working with farmers and suppliers to drive up social and environmental standards in our supply of agricultural raw materials.

Unilever product and we use raw materials from around the world to make them.

Many of the raw materials we use in our brands come from farms and forests.

At the same time, our agricultural supply chain connects us to millions of people, which creates a pathway to realise many of our ambitions for positive social impact.

At the heart of the programme is our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC). We developed the Code to give us and our farmers and suppliers a set of rigorous standards which would spur on improvements across our supply chain.

The Code defines what sustainable sourcing means in practice, using 11 social, economic and environmental indicators: soil health, soil loss, nutrients, pest management, biodiversity, farm economics, energy, water, social and human capital, local economy and animal welfare.

To make the greatest progress as fast as possible, we’ve focused our efforts on a priority set of key crops and commodities, chosen for their importance to our business and our brands as well as our ability to have a greater positive impact within these agricultural sectors.

These priorities include palm oil, paper and board, soy, sugar, tea, dairy, rapeseed, cereals, vegetables, cocoa, herbal infusions and vanilla.

Driving positive change throughout our supply chain We want to drive sustainability throughout our supply chain.

We cover our commitments and progress on palm oil ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ) and tea ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing sustainable tea leading the industry ), paper and board, soy and rapeseed oils ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable soy and rapeseed oils ), vegetables ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable fruit and vegetables ), cocoa, sugar ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable cocoa and sugar ) and dairy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable dairy ).

We also set out how we protect biodiversity as a core element of our approach.

But our Sustainable Living Report aims to give a wider view, too.

Given the reach and scale of our supply chain, we are exploring how we can have positive impacts on sustainable agriculture that go beyond our SAC.

Making sure we address the biggest issues We reviewed our sustainable sourcing strategy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) over 2016 2017 to ensure it continues to have the greatest possible impact on the ground while supporting our business by building trust and addressing risk in our supply chain.

One of the outcomes of this review was the revision of our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

We are moving the programme from self assessment to third party certification, to provide greater trust and transparency and ensure more accurate reporting.

Alliance certification) that meets or exceeds our own standards.

It also includes requirements addressing land use change and deforestation, specific areas of health and safety, sustainable production of livestock feed and land rights protection.

It extends animal welfare provision to transportation and slaughter.

In 2018, we set out to certify an initial 40 suppliers against SAC 2017.

We selected these suppliers to ensure a representative variety of our crops and geographies.

Feedback showed they welcomed the more intensive interaction with the auditor during the certification process, and the opportunity to improve their farming practices by remediating non conformances.

Sustainable Agriculture Code 2010 (PDF 2MB) ( Images ul sac v1 march 2010 spread_tcm244 423998_en.pdf), until they too are invited to transition to SAC 2017.

While factors such as the variability of weather mean that this is a short period in which to identify trends in agricultural data, our findings to date are positive.

Averaged across all crops in the SAC programme (and measured per tonne of product), we see: a 21% reduction in irrigation water use a 17% reduction in pesticide use, and a 2% reduction in carbon footprint.

For farmers who have been part of our programme since 2012, performance against most of our sustainability measures has improved.

We have started to give specific feedback to individual suppliers and their farmers to help them to focus their improvement programmes.

Strategic partnerships and third party certification schemes are a key part of our approach.

Sustainable Palm Oil and Round Table on Responsible Soy.

These multi stakeholder platforms help suppliers by providing a common definition of sustainable agriculture, which makes their products more marketable to us and others.

Protecting biodiversity protects agriculture Agriculture, the livelihoods of farmers and farming communities, and the health of the planet are all dependent on the ecosystems in which crops and commodities are grown.

One of the four principles in our Programme is: Ensuring any adverse effects on biodiversity from agricultural activities are minimised and positive contributions are made where possible .

Biodiversity is also one of the 11 core indicators we use to measure sustainable farming practices.

The business case for protecting biodiversity is quite simple.

Our Sustainable Agriculture Code has a specific chapter devoted to biodiversity.

It covers both ecosystem services and the protection of rare and vulnerable species and ecosystems on and around farms.

Forests support 80% of terrestrial biodiversity (the variety of life forms on land) , so our commitment to take action against deforestation is also critical in this area.

This is described in Protecting our forests ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ).

We want to inspire farmers to start their own Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs).

The scope for a BAP can range from field to landscape level in the growing area of any crop.

The ideas behind the plans often come from farmers and suppliers themselves, based on the wild animals or plants they value or have observed.

Since biodiversity issues vary widely across the world, farmers’ efforts have resulted in a wide range of projects.

Helping farmers suppliers promote sustainable sourcing We can only achieve a sustainable supply of agricultural raw materials by working with our suppliers and the farmers who grow our ingredients.

Making that process both efficient and rigorous helps both us and them.

SAC, and agreeing with them which areas, if any, of a supplier or industry level system are equivalent to the SAC.

However, we know that certification alone does not guarantee a solution to all problems.

So we work in partnership with our suppliers and NGOs to drive sustainable practices across the entire value chain.

Our external advisers We don’t claim to know all the answers when it comes to sustainable agriculture, and we welcome expertise from beyond our business.

Board advises us on issues such as climate impact, biodiversity, water stress, labour conditions, poverty alleviation and the use of chemicals.

See how our governance structures ( sustainable living our strategy our sustainability governance ) help us deliver the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Sustainable paper board sourcing Sourcing our paper and board packaging sustainably supports our commitment to zero net deforestation.

It strengthens our supply chain and helps build trust among consumers.

Why we buy sustainable paper board We want to source only sustainable paper and board.

Why Because we, and our consumers, want assurance that we’re not contributing to the deforestation caused by parts of the paper and pulp industry.

It’s an important part of our approach to protecting forests ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ) and preventing the loss of biodiversity and contribution to climate change caused by deforestation.

We have defined paper and board as priority raw materials for our business.

We aim to buy paper packaging that comes either from well managed forests or from recycled material.

Sometimes we need to source virgin paper and board for example, because of safety regulations.

When we do, we buy from certified sources with a full chain of custody’.

Our commitment to 100% sustainably sourced paper and board covers all our packaging even our wooden ice cream sticks.

Our policy is designed to help transform the industry by working with key suppliers.

It is directed by three key principles: halt deforestation promote best practices in sustainable forest and pulp plantation management drive positive economic and social impact on people and communities.

We've also signed up to the Consumer Goods Forum commitment to achieving zero net deforestation associated with four commodities palm oil, soy, paper and board, and beef no later than 2020.

Progress through ambitious targets We source our paper and board packaging from around 300 suppliers.

In 2017, 98% of the directly purchased paper and board packaging materials we used were made from recycled fibre or came from certified sustainably managed forests.

When we drew up the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2010, our target was to achieve 75% by 2015 and 100% by 2020.

We’re ahead of schedule, but that does not mean we’ve overcome all the challenges, or that we should relax our efforts.

To continue our momentum, in 2016 we set ourselves the ambition to source our recycled fibre from suppliers with third party certification by 2019.

Asking our suppliers to certify recycled materials offers reassurance for our business and helps support a market for these materials.

In 2017, we purchased more of our materials with certification and a full chain of custody.

See Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

Typically, fibre used for papermaking is from timber that cannot be used for other purposes.

This includes timber from immature trees removed to let other trees mature, known as thinnings’, and sawmill waste.

In some cases, trees are planted in forest areas specifically for the purpose of providing fibre for paper and board production.

Once this virgin fibre has been made into paper, it can be recycled on average five to seven times.

This is material which, for one reason or another, was not used directly for packaging.

Working with certification schemes reaching consumers We work with our suppliers and other stakeholders to promote forest certification through our purchases.

Logos on brand packaging help consumers know that it comes from forest management certification schemes.

We found that a third of people are already buying sustainably.

Sustainable soy rapeseed oils Our research shows that consumers prefer products made with sustainable oils so sourcing our soy and rapeseed oils sustainably can help grow our business as well reduce our impacts on the environment.

Hellmann’s mayonnaise, that are enjoyed by consumers the world over.

These crops are usually grown by family owned farms, who sell them to the processors and suppliers who in turn sell them to us.

They are grown in different ways and in different parts of the world, so we tailor our approach to have the most positive impact for each.

But what’s common to our approach everywhere is our commitment to working in partnership, with the aim of making cultivation of these crops sustainable in the long term.

Making progress through partnerships Our partnerships take a range of forms.

For example, we work with multiple stakeholders to help develop internationally recognised standards and verification systems.

We also work with farmers and suppliers, and with consumers, whose demand for sustainably sourced ingredients we aim to stimulate and meet.

Wherever possible, we’re seeking to move to physical, certified sources, which give us and our stakeholders added assurance that the crops in our supply chain are sustainably grown.

We completed an in depth review of our sourcing strategy in 2017 which included looking at the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code, described in Sustainable sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

This identified soy and rapeseed as two of our priority crops.

See our latest progress in sourcing them sustainably in Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact ).

In each region, we work with farmers, NGOs, our suppliers, other agri businesses and governments.

We also aim to contribute to the development of international standards which recognise farmers and suppliers for their effort to address the big issues associated with soy production, which vary across regions.

In Latin America, for example, unsustainable soy production is associated with habitat loss and deforestation.

More on our work to combat deforestation can be found in Protecting our forests ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ).

We source the majority of our soy oil from the US. Here, soil health and water quality are a particular focus, especially in the US Mississippi River basin.

We are founding members of the Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS).

Since 2010, the development of the RTRS standard has enabled farmers to improve their practices and gain accreditation.

Our purchase of some of the first RTRS certificates was an important step towards achieving our sustainable sourcing targets (for both soy beans and soy oil).

Since the sale of our AdeS business, we no longer use soy beans but we still buy soy oil, see Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) for our latest progress.

Working with US soy farmers In 2012 we joined Field to Market, a US alliance that promotes sustainable agriculture.

Field to Market offers a free online tool known as the Fieldprint Calculator to help growers analyse how their management choices impact natural resources and operational efficiency.

Over 2014 2018, around 700 farmers took part in our sustainable soy programme, developed with Field to Market and our suppliers.

With the data we collected from this work, we were able to develop programmes to increase our impact further.

In January 2018, we launched a new programme which aims to improve soil health and water quality through the adoption of cover crops.

Cover crops are associated with improved ecosystems, better yields and a reduced need for agricultural inputs.

The programme, managed by Practical Farmers of Iowa, has been well received by the Iowa farming community and more than 150 farmers signed up in the first year.

We’re looking forward to expanding this programme in the coming years.

Looking after the soil is one of the most important jobs a farmer can do.

Not only do farmers depend on the soil for their livelihoods, but good soil practice plays a vital role in mitigating the greenhouse gas emissions associated with agriculture.

And it can help prevent erosion and other issues that affect local ecosystems, including waterways.

In Iowa in the US, we're working with soy farmers and soy oil suppliers to increase the use of cover crops as a way of protecting their soil.

We believe promoting cover crops like this is an industry first and an important way to enhance the sustainability of the soy oil used by our Hellmann's brand.

Our pilot programme began in 2015 with 26 farmers.

In 2018 we concluded the pilot and launched the programme with around 150 farmers.

What are 'cover crops' and why do they matter Cover crops are usually non commodity crops, and the clue is in the name: farmers plant them to cover the soil after harvest, protecting it until the next growing season.

The plants capture carbon in the air and feed it into the soil, where microbes use carbon for energy and keep it underground instead of releasing it back into the atmosphere.

Agriculture (PDF 4MB) (http: climatesmartfarming.org wp content uploads 2016 06 AdaptationFactsheet_covercrops_2016.pdf) says cover crops can increase soil organic matter, retain nutrients, and alleviate soil compaction, among other advantages.

Hellmann's approach to being 'On the side of food'.

Brand Manager for Hellmann’s in the US. Hellmann’s believes in improving our ingredients from the ground up.

This is underpinned by a significant effort to persuade the farmers who grow the soy that makes our soy oil to improve their practices.

Terra, Bayer CropScience, Santander and Yara Fertilizers aims to boost sustainable soy cultivation by supporting growers to improve their agricultural and farm management practices.

Bayer CropScience provides technical services and integrated crop management advice, and Santander provides rapid credit evaluation for agricultural loans while Yara advises on best use of fertilisers.

And we boost the market for sustainable soy by buying this certified soy from our suppliers.

Cintia Vega is our Sustainable Sourcing Manager responsible for our liquid oils’ sustainability programmes.

She visited Brazil to see the Produzindo Certo programme in action.

Like most participating farmers, he’d already taken some steps towards sustainability before the programme started but I found that the farmers really valued the assistance of Alian a da Terra (ADT).

ADT helps farmers identify areas for improvement and then provides support to address them areas like labour conditions, community relations or environmental responsibility.

And by increasing the availability of RTRS certified soy, the programme strengthens our supply chain as well as helping make soy production in Brazil more responsible and sustainable.

It's a great example of how partnerships can contribute to reaching our sustainable living ambition.

What’s next With all the farmers’ feedback on board, we’ll be looking at ways to enhance Produzindo Certo so it can reach its full potential.

Making progress on rapeseed oil We continue to make good progress towards our target for sustainable rapeseed oil, see Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

As with soy, our progress is built on the work we do with our suppliers and other partners.

An example is our joint approach with our supplier Bunge in Canada.

Union, these farmers have shifted their practices to meet our Code’s requirements well ahead of schedule.

Sustainable vegetables We couldn't make our food brands without high quality vegetables and fruit from all over the world.

Famous brands depend on a network of growers suppliers Securing a reliable supply of the best ingredients is essential to the long term future of food brands that people can trust on taste, nutrition and sustainability.

We buy significant quantities of tomatoes, onions, pumpkins, leeks, green beans, mushrooms, potatoes, celeriac, peas and carrots, as well as herbs such as basil, parsley and chives.

Our Knorr brand uses the most vegetables in its soups, sauces and other food products.

We also buy a range of high quality fruit, including strawberries, guava, mango, raspberries and bananas.

These are especially important for our ice cream brands, such as Ben Jerry’s, Magnum, Carte D’Or and Breyers.

With such a wide range of ingredients, we need a diverse supply chain.

We buy fruit and vegetables from around 500 suppliers, who in turn buy from around 50,000 growers and farmers.

Supplier partnerships driving sustainable change Our expert buyers seek the best quality ingredients from growers around the world.

The scale and diversity of this supply chain gives us a great opportunity to make a positive environmental and social impact.

But as international certification standards for vegetables do not currently exist, working in partnership with others is critical if we are to source these ingredients sustainably.

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) standard, which we updated in 2017.

We also support many wider partnership initiatives to drive improvement in the sector.

The SAI helps us identify links with other fast moving consumer goods companies with whom we have suppliers in common, and agree common standards.

By enabling growers to meet our sustainability requirements by achieving a standard that other companies also acknowledge, this benefits suppliers and our business.

Like 'mutual recognition', which means we accept other companies' standards provided they match our own, this cuts down duplication and helps promote best practice.

This is particularly useful in our vegetable supply chain, as we have a large number of ingredients and many suppliers.

We have already seen an increasing number of suppliers in Europe and the US using FSA, and we expect this momentum to grow elsewhere.

We believe that supplier led change like this is the best and most efficient way to achieve sustainability across the industry.

To find out more, see Our approach to sustainable sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing ).

The data we collect on the environmental performance of our suppliers gives us a unique opportunity to measure our progress scientifically.

Code study investigated the GHG emissions associated with the production of tomatoes in our supply chain.

Any set of agricultural data is complex because of the many variables involved.

They showed an overall 25% decrease in GHG footprints in the sampled farms in the three years examined (2013 2015).

The study itself is groundbreaking: the first to provide an integrated analysis of the variability of GHG emissions in global production of a crop.

Sustainable Agriculture Code across 14 countries over 2013 2015.

This is significant data set that can help us, and others, gain insights on how farming and sourcing practices can reduce the impact of agriculture on the climate.

Tool to analyse performance for 25 other crops, including onions, garlic, carrots and strawberries.

Knorr partnering with farmers Knorr, is sold in around 90 countries.

It’s used by 320 million people every day, so as well as being our largest food brand, it’s one of the world’s largest cooking brands too.

Knorr has worked closely with farmers for more than 175 years and today it’s making a positive change across the food system from the way food is grown to the way it’s consumed.

High quality, sustainable ingredients are vital for Knorr’s delicious, nutritious food and its Landmark Farms and Sustainability Partnership Fund are just two of the ways it’s promoting change for the better.

Knorr Landmark Farm status is given to farmers who meet our SAC standards and pioneer new technology or sustainable farming methods.

Landmark Farmers to help inspire consumers, journalists and local communities about sustainable agriculture.

Worldwide, there are over 30 Landmark Farms that share knowledge and help other farmers realise the positive impact that sustainable agriculture can have on the quality of their produce, the efficiency of their operations, and their local environment and wildlife.

Knorr's Sustainability Partnership Fund Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership Fund spends up to 1 million a year co funding sustainable farming projects with suppliers to help improve their sustainability practices.

A number of the Fund’s projects have supported better irrigation as we see farmers are having to adapt to droughts as rainfall becomes more unpredictable and groundwater aquifers run low.

Flanders typically use surface water for irrigation.

This means farmers sometimes have to drive as far as 10km away to transport water by truck when the surface water is not available.

Meanwhile Ardo, a Knorr supplier of frozen vegetables, creates 600,000 cubic metres of wastewater every year that could be used to irrigate fields.

Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership Fund is contributing 200,000 over two years to a major infrastructure project to construct a reservoir and pipeline.

This will provide 47 vegetable growers with irrigation water that has been recycled from the Ardo factory, giving them a more sustainable, reliable source of water.

The project will also support farmers to use irrigation water more efficiently.

Construction of the 2.6 million project started in 2017 for completion in 2019.

At the other side of the world in an arid region of Peru, a herb farmer growing the parsley, basil and other herbs we need for Knorr is currently using flood irrigation.

The system is inefficient, which means he’s only able to irrigate half his farm.

Our Fund is co funding drip irrigation to enable the farmer to save around 100,000 cubic metres of water a year, irrigate all 12 hectares of the farm and significantly increase yields.

Partnerships that enhance livelihoods We developed our Enhancing Livelihoods Fund (ELF) ( news news and features Feature article 2015 boosting smallholders livelihoods strengthening our supply chain.html) in 2015, in partnership with Oxfam and the Ford Foundation, to enable investment in innovative projects in our supply chain.

These projects aim to improve the agricultural practices, skills, and livelihoods of smallholder farming communities, with a specific focus on empowering women and training.

It aims to incentivise investment in new processes that make a difference to communities while improving sustainability and crop yields.

Fund was Marcatus QED. It used this investment alongside its own funding to research and develop a gender inclusive responsible farming curriculum designed to help double the yield in its Indian gherkin supply chain within three years.

The Marcatus Mobile Education Platform uses simple technology to help families learn about sustainable agricultural practices through locally made farmer videos.

To assess the impact of its video based training methodology, Marcatus QED collected data from a randomised selection of farmers in over 1,200 villages between November 2015 and April 2016.

The results ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods mapping our farmers programmes impact of training programme in india.html) demonstrated a 63% adoption rate of practices shown through group video screenings 20% average increase in yields compared to a group of non participants and a 24% increase in net income compared to a group of non participants.

The project reached a total of around 19,500 people.

The Enhancing Livelihoods Fund is currently funding a range of further projects.

It aims to improve the livelihoods of smallholder farmers and their communities in Africa, South Asia, Latin America, and the Caribbean.

Sustainable cocoa sugar Cocoa and sugar are vital ingredients for many of our brands.

We're working with partners to source 100% sustainable cocoa and sugar so that we can ensure our supply chain is resilient and we can meet consumer demand.

Global commodities need a collective approach Cocoa and sugar are both global commodities that often have complex supply chains: cultivating them provides livelihoods to millions of people but is also associated with issues such as deforestation, water use and human rights risks.

We buy only a small proportion of global production of either commodity, which means we can best create the changes we want to see through partnership and collaboration with others.

Longstanding certification schemes for both ingredients enable buyers like us to work with suppliers within existing sustainability frameworks but we also recognise the need to strengthen certification and improve traceability.

We’re committed to sourcing 100% of our cocoa and sugar sustainably by 2020 as they’re priority crops for our business.

That will help secure our future supply of vital ingredients and improve transparency in our supply chains, which builds trust among consumers and others.

Through partnerships with our suppliers, we’re also aiming to improve farmers’ agricultural practices and enhance their livelihoods.

We buy around 1% of the global production of cocoa, mainly sourced from C te d’Ivoire and Ghana.

Fairtrade Certification for all its cocoa by 2014.

And by 2017, 98% of the cocoa we need for Magnum was from Rainforest Alliance Certified farms.

The Rainforest Alliance (https: www.rainforest alliance.org ) works to conserve biodiversity and improve smallholder farm practices by promoting and evaluating the implementation of the Sustainable Agriculture Standard.

The Standard promotes ecosystem conservation, worker rights (including the prohibition of child labour), safety and wildlife protection.

It also covers topics such as water and soil conservation, agrochemical reduction, decent housing, legal wages and contracts for workers.

Mapping our cocoa supply chain In 2018, we became signatories of the Cocoa Forests Initiative.

Besides Unilever, 36 other companies have signed the Statement of Intent to collaborate pre competitively to help end deforestation and forest degradation in the cocoa supply chain, beginning in C te d’Ivoire and Ghana.

As a signatory, we’re committed to a process that will ensure evidence based decision making and data sharing on forests, forest loss and degradation and patterns of land use in cocoa growing communities.

To put these commitments into practice, we’ve started mapping our direct cocoa supply chain, together with our suppliers, to improve traceability and better understand where our cocoa comes from.

This mapping will enable us to better define deforestation risk, and to identify issues on the ground that require remediation.

We see an urgent need for accurate mapping, classification and monitoring of cocoa farms and forest cover to identify which areas need full protection, and which areas should be reclassified to allow continued and sustainable cocoa production.

So far, we’ve mapped over 18,000 cocoa farms in C te d’Ivoire.

We are working with the other signatories of the CFI on the right approach to remediation of environmental and social issues on the ground.

Our prosperity is linked with smallholders' livelihoods Working together with our suppliers and certification organisations is critical to our ambition of sourcing our cocoa sustainably and can also support our wider ambitions to enhance the livelihoods of the smallholder farmers in our supply chains.

Cocoa supports the livelihoods of an estimated 5.5 million farmers.

Farmers depend on cocoa for their livelihoods many cocoa farmers, lack of access to training and other services results in poor yields, which in turn can lead to farmers switching crops or leaving farming and moving to urban centres in search of better jobs.

This is particularly acute in the next generation of cocoa farmers who often do not see cocoa as a viable livelihood.

Our business success depends on procuring the ingredients these farmers produce so we have a long term interest in ensuring that sustainable cocoa farming supports farmers and their communities.

We work with key cocoa suppliers to drive livelihood programmes directly with smallholder cocoa farmers, while preparation for certification can also play an important role in capacity building in agricultural supply chains.

Now, with Fairtrade, we are receiving fertilisers (to spray on our farms) from the co operative.

So says Alphonsine N'Guetia, a cocoa farmer in C te d’Ivoire.

The Ben Jerry’s partnership with Fairtrade aims to address many of the barriers cocoa farmers like Alphonsine can face such as low incomes, seasonable food insecurity, low productivity and vulnerability to climate change.

The partnership is designed to make our supply chain more resilient and transparent.

It seeks to improve farmers’ household incomes and strengthen the independence of co operatives while supporting sustainable agricultural practices.

Our aim is to reach more than 3,600 co operative members overall, working with 1,800 farmers on productivity improvement and protection against extreme poverty.

We call this approach linked prosperity’ because better livelihoods for farmers and stronger environmental standards mean shoppers can trust that the ice cream they buy is made from sustainably sourced cocoa.

Ben Jerry’s has a close relationship with three cocoa growing co operatives in C te d’Ivoire, whose farmers have access to all the benefits of Fairtrade, including the Fairtrade Minimum Price for their crop, extra financial support from the premium paid for the Fairtrade cocoa, and additional training and support for strengthening the co operative and capacity building.

A holistic approach to supporting smallholders Building resilience among smallholder farmers extends beyond supporting improvements in their agricultural practices.

For example, in 2017 we developed an innovative pilot programme called ASPEN to provide farmers in cocoa communities in West Africa with an additional source of income by acting as sales agents for Unilever (and other) products.

It’s a partnership between one of our suppliers and TRANSFORM (a joint initiative between Unilever and the UK government’s Department for International Development).

The initiative reaches 56 smallholders and is being implemented by NGO TechnoServe.

Finding additional sources of income can be an important way for smallholder farmers to build their resilience.

In C te d'Ivoire, the ASPEN project is exploring how farmers can diversify their incomes by acting as sales agents for products like soap, detergent and toothpaste in their local community.

The project also helps us develop what we call last mile’ distribution networks getting products to consumers in communities that can be hard to reach.

ASPEN. Around 40% of the participants were women farmers.

More information on our last mile distribution networks, and our work with smallholder farmers, is in Inclusive business ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods ).

Towards a sustainable global sugar supply We’re working towards sourcing all our sugar from sustainable sources.

We buy sugar beet and sugar cane from a number of countries spanning Asia, the Americas, Europe and Africa, each of which can have very different supply chains and challenges.

Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) and equivalent standards see Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) for details.

While we’re proud of the progress we’ve made, in the longer term our aim is to help create a global supply of sustainable sugar.

We believe the best way to achieve this is to harmonise the sustainable sourcing codes of the food and drink industries and forge them into a single standard, which can have an impact at scale.

Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform, which has been agreed by many businesses in the food and beverages industries and gives farmers a single, simplified sustainability framework to work to.

We support the Bonsucro (http: www.bonsucro.com ) standard, which aims to improve standards of production in the cane sugar industry, including by increasing the proportion of physically certified sugar from sugar cane.

Americas and Asia to apply a combined approach of credits and certifying supply chains.

Sustainable dairy We’re working with our suppliers to achieve sustainable dairy production so that we can foster positive environmental and social impacts in our supply chain while giving consumers brands they can trust.

Driving standards on welfare, climate biodiversity Dairy farms are important parts of our brands' ingredient supply chain, particularly for our ice cream business.

We encourage high standards among the farmers we source from including standards of animal welfare, greenhouse gas reduction and biodiversity management.

Our Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) sets out requirements for suppliers and farmers of all our raw materials, including dairy.

Our Livestock Implementation Guides were developed with the help of our external partners FAI Farms (Farm Animals Initiative) in 2013.

They outline specific advice for livestock farming and animal welfare.

Compass (a way of monitoring animal welfare) and advice on how to set action plans to improve energy use and enhance biodiversity.

To find out more about the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code, see Our approach to sustainable agriculture ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing ).

Uruguay, Ecuador, the US, New Zealand, Germany and Finland.

Ireland, we’ve sourced 100% of our dairy sustainably since 2013 and 2015 respectively.

See Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) for our latest progress.

But farming is rarely the same in two places so while we have a shared set of standards, our approach can look very different from one farmyard to another.

Our dairy ingredients come from large farms, from cooperatives and from smallholders who might own between two and five cows so one size does not fit all.

Small farm or major co op, we're focused on improvements Two initiatives show how we can adapt our approach as we seek to improve standards and reduce the greenhouse gas emissions associated with dairy farming.

Our partnership with Enka Milk in Turkey works with around 4,000 farms, many very small, while the Dairy Farmers of America is a large cooperative that supplies nearly a third of our US dairy needs.

With Enka Milk, we’re looking at techniques that improve the comfort, health and longevity of cows, while increasing the amount of milk cows produce at any one time and over their lifetimes.

With a local dairy consultant, we’ve implemented improvements that have led to better yields and milk quality.

We’re now working on a model to roll out this programme, including through flagship farms which demonstrate the improvements for other farmers.

With the Dairy Farmers of America, we’re also developing an approach to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases while improving animal health and welfare, and we’re trialling the benefits of a feed additive with one of our suppliers in 2019.

Expanding our work with others In 2018, we began working with the Dairy Sustainability Framework.

This seeks to create a holistic approach to sustainability in the global dairy value chain and aims to develop an aligned approach to sustainable sourcing between buyers and producers of dairy.

We took part in pilot schemes which looked at improvements and their impact on the most material issues from a regional point of view.

Taking a landscape view’ like this is a first for the dairy industry, so further work in 2019 will explore whether this approach can be used as an industry standard.

Our Caring Dairy (https: www.benjerry.com caringdairy) Dairy initiative, updated in 2016, has helped cooperatives supply ingredients for Ben Jerry’s ice cream in Europe and the US since 2002.

Agriculture Code but shares the Code’s principles and indicators.

The programme uses 12 indicators of sustainable agriculture to enable continuous improvement.

Each year participating farmers need to show their progress against the indicators and highlight the actions they take in their commitment to continuous improvement.

Improvements include planting cover crops to reduce soil erosion, planting without tilling the land (and so keeping more carbon in the soil) and in 2017, reducing fertiliser use by 28%.

Participating farmers are compensated for their successful achievements.

Gold level performance, with increasing reward for each level.

All farms undergo a third party verification to evaluate how each farm meets the required standards.

Farm animal welfare As well as dairy products, a number of our brands use ingredients that come from farm animals, such as meat in Knorr’s bouillons and soups or cage free eggs for Hellmann’s mayonnaise.

We were one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to start providing cage free eggs for our products, and have committed to convert all our global egg supply to cage free by 2025.

Our section on farm animal welfare ( sustainable living what matters to you farm animal welfare.html) sets out the clear standards of care that we expect of our suppliers of all animal derived products.

The Benchmark assesses farm animal welfare management, policy commitment, performance and disclosure in food companies, enabling investors, companies, NGOs and other stakeholders to understand corporate practice and performance on farm animal welfare.

Unilever’s position reflects the fact that farm animal welfare is integral to our business strategy through commitments made both in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and as separate brand commitments.

Non renewables sourcing By working with our suppliers and the extraction industry on traceability and standards for responsible sourcing, we aim to increase our positive social impacts while building trust in our brands' supply chains.

Increasing transparency, greater collective action Many of the raw materials we use each year to make our products are classified as non renewable.

Around 6 million tonnes of these originate from minerals or metals extracted from the earth.

However, the extraction and processing of minerals are sometimes associated with human rights issues.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy guides us in managing our risks to ensure we have supply chains that consumers can trust.

We follow a three pronged approach to sourcing these non renewable materials.

We are: developing traceability in our supply chain down to individual extraction sites working with industry to co create standards for responsible extraction, and making a positive impact on the livelihoods of those who work in the non renewables supply chain.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 9MB) ( Images responsible sourcing policy interactive final_tcm244 504736_en.pdf) (RSP) embodies our commitment to conduct business with integrity, openness and respect for universal human rights and core labour principles.

The RSP sets mandatory requirements on human and labour rights for suppliers who have a business relationship with Unilever.

Principles and defines the mandatory requirements’ that suppliers must achieve to do business with Unilever.

As we are not a major player in the area of mineral extraction, our approach has been to work with suppliers and other industry players to collectively drive responsible sourcing of these materials.

In 2013, we embarked on a programme to bring about transparency in our supply chain by tracing materials back to their extraction sites, and understanding the challenges, labour standards and working condition at these sites.

CORE offers a globally acceptable and credible assurance to buyers and other stakeholders that industrial minerals are extracted in a responsible way.

It is independently audited and helps suppliers make continual improvements towards five objectives.

Governance and legality: enhance compliance with legal requirements and improve governance.

Labour and employment: improve working conditions and ensure labour rights are protected.

Occupational health, safety and security: provide safe and healthy workplaces.

Environment and ecosystem: avoid or minimise adverse impacts on the environment.

Community and stakeholders: respect the rights and aspirations of affected communities.

Where can we have most impact on society and on our business and how can we achieve it These are the questions that we asked ourselves, and our partners, when we developed and launched CORE following two years of close collaboration with our suppliers and the extraction industry.

Around half the non renewables we buy originate in India and China.

Those countries were also identified as places where we had the greatest opportunities both to manage our supply chain risk and build trust and to improve the livelihoods of workers.

China in 2016, using assessments at extraction sites to identify where its standards are not being met and working with suppliers to make the necessary improvements.

Previously we used to travel long distances to use the toilet.

Sometimes, we control our bladder and tend to not drink suf cient water despite the scorching heat due to lack of toilets.

Now with the toilets built, I nd it very convenient and I am able to work comfortably.

Salt pan worker, India our volumes sourced in India and China came from suppliers verified as complying with CORE. And thanks to the support of around 30 suppliers operating over 50 sites, this has meant improvements in areas such as compliance with regulations and ensuring that drinking water, sanitation facilities, rest shelters, adequate personal protective equipment and access to healthcare are all provided to workers.

While we are still at an early stage, there are encouraging signs that CORE is enabling positive social impacts.

In the salt industry in India, for example, where it is not uncommon for workers to be exposed to extremely high temperatures, lack of sanitation facilities and access to water, CORE enabled suppliers to improve working conditions and strengthen workers’ grievance mechanisms to highlight possible issues.

So far, sanitation facilities have been built and access to water has been improved at around 40 sites.

Also in India, in Gujarat and Rajasthan our suppliers are taking the opportunity to support local communities by providing water pumped from their mines for non drinking use.

Protecting biodiversity Biodiversity underpins the health of the natural world and is essential to the prosperity of communities, economies, and our business.

By protecting biodiversity, we aim to have a positive impact on people's livelihoods while strengthening the agricultural systems on which we depend.

Why biodiversity matters to our business We are one of the world’s largest users of agricultural raw materials such as tea, vegetables and vegetable oils.

Agriculture and the livelihoods of farmers and farming communities is dependent on the ecosystems in which crops and commodities are grown.

Soil, water, the diversity of pollinating insects and the large scale natural systems that surround them, such as forest and wetland these and other forms of natural capital all provide what are called 'ecosystem services' from which we benefit as a business.

Conserving these biodiverse ecosystems is therefore essential to us in two ways: it strengthens the supply of ingredients on which our brands depend and it supports the flourishing of the societies and economies in which we do business.

In particular, the loss of crop biodiversity carries specific risks by compromising nutritional security and reducing crop resilience.

The importance of protecting biodiversity for communities and landscapes the world over is highlighted in the UN’s Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 15 Life on Land, although the success of a number of the other SDGs, such as SDG 2 on ending hunger, rely on biodiversity too.

That's why we need to protect biodiversity and ensure that our sourcing activities do not encourage detrimental land use changes or practices if we are to achieve our ambition of sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably while growing as a business.

The business case for protecting biodiversity is quite simple.

At the heart of our Sustainable Agriculture Programme Protecting biodiversity is central to our Sustainable Agriculture Programme, which drives our work with suppliers and farmers.

Programme is: Ensuring any adverse effects on biodiversity from agricultural activities are minimised and positive contributions are made where possible’.

Biodiversity is also one of the 11 core indicators we use to measure sustainable farming practices.

The Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code 2017 (PDF 2MB) ( Images sustainable agriculture code sac 2017_tcm244 515371_1_en.pdf) has a specific chapter devoted to biodiversity, which is explained in detail on Our sustainable agriculture programme ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing our sustainable agriculture programme ).

It covers both ecosystem services and the protection of rare and vulnerable species and ecosystems on and around farms.

The Code aims to ensure that our agricultural sourcing activities minimise impacts from land use, or land use change, on biodiversity, natural capital and ecosystem services.

Taking action to eliminate deforestation Forests support 80% of terrestrial biodiversity, and around 1.6 billion people worldwide depend on them for food, medicines, fuel, shelter, jobs and livelihoods.

So deforestation is a social as well as an environmental threat especially given the major contribution deforestation makes to climate change.

Of biodiversity on land is supported by forests sourcing our agriculture based ingredients, paper and pulp for packaging and the extraction of non renewable resources.

Together with the other 400 members of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), in 2010 we made a commitment to zero deforestation ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ) by 2020 with four commodities: palm oil, soy, paper and pulp, and beef.

We’ve since extended this 2020 commitment to our own tea businesses and supply chains, reflecting the importance of tea in our portfolio and the impact this commitment will make on others to act.

The TFA is committed to reducing and eventually eliminating the deforestation associated with the sourcing of palm oil, soy, paper and pulp and beef.

Working with farmers to protect biodiversity We have run pilot programmes with some of our suppliers that have shown that it is possible to adopt better agricultural practices that are sensitive to biodiversity without harming agricultural yield or profitability.

We want to inspire farmers to start their own Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs).

The scope for a BAP can range from field to landscape level in the growing area of any crop.

The ideas behind the plans often come from farmers and suppliers themselves, based on the wild animals or plants they value or have observed.

Since biodiversity issues vary widely across the world, farmers’ efforts have resulted in a wide range of projects.

Improving our understanding of biodiversity Our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC) is developing new scientific approaches that will enhance knowledge of our biodiversity impact, for example through the development of predictive land change models and activities aimed at linking trade flow information with land use and biodiversity.

These activities build on SEAC’s previous work in this area.

Our new approach is called Land Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment (LUCI LCA) and was published in 2017.

The method predicts the impacts of future large scale increases in demand for agricultural materials.

It can be used to guide future policy, innovation and sourcing decisions.

Find out more about the other organisations we are working with to understand and assess natural capital ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact natural capital ).

Transforming the palm oil industry Our ambition is to make sustainable palm oil commonplace which means working with partners and through our own supply chain to drive sustainable change.

Palm oil is an important raw material for many of our brands and securing a supply of sustainable palm oil is vital to the future success of our business.

Our Sustainable Palm Oil Policy sets out our commitment to 100% traceability for all the crude palm oil and derivatives that we buy and our target of achieving, by the end of 2019, 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes.

But tackling the complex social and environmental issues in the palm oil supply chain requires more than policy commitments it requires the transformation of an industry.

Through partnerships, advocacy, and committed work on the ground, we're helping to lead real progress towards our vision of a supply chain in which sustainable palm oil is commonplace.

Everything you need to know about palm oil Palm oil .

But there’s a good chance that almost everyone has used it.

Palm oil is a vegetable oil, which comes from the fruit of oil palm trees.

There are two types of oil that can be extracted from palm fruit: palm oil, which comes from the pulp of the fruit and palm kernel oil, which comes from the seed, or kernel, of the fruit.

The process involves crushing the fruit and removing the liquid oil inside.

Both types of oil are edible with palm kernel oil more solid at room temperature.

This makes it ideal for cooking as well as a key ingredient in many products, such as shampoos, ice cream and chocolate.

African oil palm or Elais guineensis’, to give it its scientific name.

Oil palms only grow in the tropics, the narrow band around the Equator.

Today, over 85% of all palm oil comes from Indonesia and Malaysia.

In recent years, palm oil production has also begun to expand into the tropical regions of Latin America and back to where it originates, West Africa.

Palm oil is big business nowadays, right Palm oil has grown into a major global industry over recent decades.

So why is palm oil in such high demand these days Palm oil is a highly versatile crop.

Not only is it a popular cooking oil, but it is also an ingredient found in many foods and beauty products, such as ice cream, chocolate, shampoo and make up.

Of course, as the world’s population grows, so does the demand for the crop.

What does Unilever use palm oil for Palm oil is used across a variety of our products.

We buy around 1 million tonnes of crude palm oil and around 0.5 million tonnes of palm kernel oil and other derivatives every year.

This makes us one of the largest buyers of palm oil in the world.

One of the great attributes of palm oil is that it helps lock in flavours and creates a smooth and creamy texture.

This makes it perfect for food products like our mayonnaises and salad dressings and for chocolate and ice cream brands too.

It also works as a stabilising agent, helping to bind products together, which makes it ideal for shampoos, moisturising lotions, soaps, body oils and many other personal care products.

It also serves a similar function in household cleaners and a host of other home care products.

Is palm oil bad for people's health When consumed in moderation as part of a balanced diet, palm oil is not bad for your health.

People have been consuming palm oil for thousands of years.

Africa, South East Asia and Brazil and is also included in a range of food products.

Like all fats and oils, palm oil is a concentrated source of energy for our body.

A small amount of fat is a key part of a healthy, balanced diet.

Fat is a source of essential fatty acids, which the body can't make itself.

The World Health Organization recommends that in a healthy diet between 15 and 35% of daily calories should come from fat.

Most fats and oils contain both saturated and unsaturated fats in different proportions.

However, too much fat in our diets, especially trans fats and saturated fats, can raise cholesterol, which increases the risk of heart disease.

Palm oil is often used in products because it provides the hard or solid’ fat that is needed for pastries, cookies, crackers and other items that require long shelf stability and a particular mouth feel or texture.

These properties can also be provided by dairy fats, but these are high in both trans fats and saturated fats.

Another alternative to palm oil is partially hydrogenated oils, but these fats are high in trans fats and for this reason we do not use them in our products.

Is palm oil production causing deforestation and harming local wildlife Palm oil only grows in the tropics, which is where there are tropical rainforests home to a host of flora and fauna.

The rising demand for palm oil and other agricultural commodities has led to forest loss in these areas.

We have committed to sourcing 100% of our palm oil sustainably by 2019 world’s forests and the wildlife that lives there.

That is why we are at the forefront of driving sustainable production and have committed to sourcing 100% of our palm oil sustainably by 2019 as well as eliminating deforestation from our supply chain.

What is Unilever doing to address the environmental and social problems of palm oil For more than 15 years now, we have been at the forefront of driving industry wide change.

First, by focusing on our own operations and supply chain, and second by working to transform the wider industry.

In our own operations, we work closely with our suppliers.

We are also working to increase traceability in this complex supply chain to enable clearer visibility of issues and how we can work with our suppliers and partners to resolve them.

Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) (https: www.rspo.org ), the only globally recognised certification standard, to help drive sustainable production.

We did this because we realised that no single business can turn the industry around.

All those with a stake in the industry need to be involved.

So, the RSPO represents both growers and buyers, as well as mill operators, commodity traders, non profit environmental and social groups, and other influential organisations.

Is certification of palm oil producers the best solution Certification is one of the ways to help to transform how palm oil is produced and traded and the role of the RSPO has played a key role in this.

However, we know that certification alone does not guarantee solutions to all the social and environmental issues facing the sector.

The sheer complexity of the global palm oil industry means a single approach is not suitable.

Therefore, we have a number of different programmes in place with our partners as we strongly believe that is the most effective way to promote widespread change in the industry.

Read more about this here ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry improving the visibility of our supply chain ).

Why aren't you using an alternative to palm oil As well as the unique properties of palm oil, which make it well suited for many of our products, palm oil is also in fact the most land efficient vegetable oil available.

Oil palms produce more oil per hectare of land than any other oil producing crop.

For example, to get the same amount of oil from soybeans, you would need seven times more farmland .

Malaysia rely on the palm oil industry for their livelihood requires less energy, as well as fewer fertilisers and pesticides.

It’s important to also not forget the economic benefit the industry has had on the millions of smallholder farmers and economies of producing countries.

Indonesia and Malaysia, 4.5 million people rely on the palm oil industry for their livelihood.

Realistically, will the palm oil industry ever become 100% sustainable We fully believe it can, and we are doing everything in our power to make it happen.

Over the years, however, we have learned two important lessons about sustainability.

The necessary solutions are multiple and often take time to implement.

Second, no single organisation can deliver sustainability alone.

Even though Unilever is one of the world’s biggest buyers of palm oil, we form just a small part of a vast and complex global industry.

A 100% sustainable palm oil industry, which meets growing global demand while simultaneously protecting the planet and people’s livelihoods and human rights, can only ever come about through cooperation and collective action.

That means everyone involved in the palm oil sector buyers, traders, suppliers, farmers, consumers and governments working together.

This is already happening, but lots more needs to be done and it needs to happen faster.

Our approach to sustainable palm oil We're making progress towards a sustainable palm oil supply chain through a clear strategy and implementation plan.

At the heart of our Policy is our commitment to the principles of 'No deforestation, No development on peat, No exploitation of people and communities'.

We aim to build a supply chain that delivers more efficient land use and forest protection, while increasing our positive social impact, with a focus on the inclusion of smallholders and women to support improvements in their productivity and incomes.

This commitment is embodied in the Five Principles for Sustainable Palm Oil that we require all our suppliers to meet.

Driving positive social and economic impact for smallholders and women while protecting forests.

A framework for ensuring NDPE We support the principles of NDPE through our framework of policies, which cover both environmental and social objectives.

Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 9MB) ( Images responsible sourcing policy interactive final_tcm244 504736_en.pdf) include criteria which aim to address prevailing and systemic human rights issues in the palm oil supply chain.

This includes respect for land rights, which are critical for people's food security and for inclusive social and economic development.

Due diligence relating to established rights to property and land is a mandatory requirement of our RSP.

We are committed to the principle of free, prior and informed consent (FPIC).

Tenure of Land, Fisheries and Forests in the Context of National Food Security.

We support the implementation of these guidelines by national authorities.

To achieve our ambition of driving sustainable market transformation, we work beyond our own supply chain through collaboration with key suppliers, governments, NGOs and the broader industry.

Our policy in action Addressing the social and environmental issues associated with palm oil requires more than commitments.

We are delivering on our strategy with an implementation plan that is driving our progress in several key areas.

We are working towards our end 2019 target engaging our direct suppliers improving traceability and transparency to manage risk and bringing more smallholder farmers into our supply chain.

Our time bound plan to 100% physically certified palm oil by 2019 We've set out milestones towards our goal of sourcing 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by the end of 2019.

The chart below shows our actual performance versus our commitment as well as the actual tonnage of physically certified sustainable palm oil that we have purchased each year.

Balance or Segregated certification standards or an equivalent standard that is independently verified by a third party.

We publish our progress towards achieving our sustainable palm oil sourcing targets annually.

While we have had a clear path and roadmap in place to achieve 100% sustainable palm oil for our core volumes by 2019, the situation for palm kernel oil (PKO) and its derivatives is very different and much less straightforward.

There is a limited supply of sustainable PKO and looking at all the commitments in place across the industry, this shortage will become even greater in the coming years.

In addition, the supply chain for PKO is hugely complex, making it very difficult to identify where PKO originates, which means we need to be very diligent in selecting the suppliers and regions we source our PKO from.

To overcome this, Unilever is working on a range of initiatives to achieve a positive breakthrough in the market aimed at bringing more suppliers on board the sustainability journey and improving traceability of PKO. In parallel, we are looking at an acceptable timeline and glidepath to achieve 100% sustainable PKO.

There are a number of options for buying and certifying that the core volumes of palm oil we use are sustainable.

Core volumes exclude derivatives of palm fatty acid distillates (which are by products of the refining process), tail ingredients and materials processed by third party manufacturers.

Segregated certification standards, or an equivalent standard that is independently verified by a third party.

Mass balance means physically certified palm oil that has been mixed with uncertified palm oil at any stage in the supply chain, provided that volumes of certified palm oil are administratively monitored and controlled throughout the supply chain.

Segregated palm oil is physically certified palm oil that has been kept separate from uncertified palm oil throughout the supply chain.

Engaging our direct suppliers Our direct suppliers are crucial partners and working closely with them has helped us make significant progress towards our targets.

For details of our continuing work with suppliers, see Engaging our palm oil suppliers ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry engaging our palm oil suppliers ).

Traceability, transparency identifying risks By enhancing our own and our stakeholders' understanding of where our palm oil comes from, we improve our ability to identify and address risks and build trust in our supply chain.

We've made real progress on mapping our suppliers, third party suppliers and mills in our extended supply chain.

We were the first major consumer goods company to publish our supplier and mill data: we have now identified around 1,400 of the palm oil mills in our mill universe’.

For details see, Improving the visibility of our supply chain ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry improving the visibility of our supply chain ).

Including smallholders driving a jurisdictional approach We're developing and trialling programmes that support the inclusion of smallholders in sustainable supply chains, with a focus on a jurisdictional approach.

For details of our approach and progress, see The importance of smallholders ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry the importance of smallholders ).

The road to sustainable palm oil systemic change Since the late 1800s our business has needed supplies of palm oil, for soap and later for many products from shampoos to spreads.

But as world demand for this versatile oil grew, so did demands on the environment.

The future of the industry began to look bleak as concerns about people, forests and wildlife increased.

Since then we’ve been working hard, not only to deliver on our own ambitious commitments but to drive much needed systemic change across the industry.

Transforming the industry relies on many partners, from the farmers and suppliers who provide our palm oil, to governments and NGOs and even fund managers who are starting to catalyse specific investment in sustainably produced palm oil.

How others view our progress We welcome external scrutiny of our sustainable palm oil commitments and our progress in meeting them.

The Dow Jones Sustainability Index named Unilever as Personal Products sector leader in 2017.

We achieved an overall score of 89 out of a possible 100.

Unilever leadership and A grades on all four assessed commodities palm oil, timber, cattle products and soy out of 201 companies that disclosed their progress.

CDP also recognised us as a world leader for corporate action on climate change for the 13th consecutive year.

Greenpeace's Palm Oil Scorecard assesses the progress global consumer brands are making on their no deforestation commitments.

In the 2018 Scorecard we were commended for our transparency in publishing our supplier and mill data.

WWF's 2016 Palm Oil Buyers Scorecard gave Unilever 9 out of 9.

Unilever as being a leader, but also challenged us to increase our uptake of physical certified sustainable palm oil, which we are actively working towards with our target of 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by the end of 2019.

Global Canopy Programme’s Forest 500 Annual Report 2017 gave Unilever a score of 5 out of 5, whilst highlighting that the sector as a whole is not on track to meet 2020 no deforestation goals.

Engaging our palm oil suppliers Working with our suppliers plays a vital role in achieving our target of making sustainable palm oil commonplace.

Suppliers hold the key to sustainable palm oil The suppliers we buy our palm oil from are at the heart of our ambition to make sustainable palm oil commonplace.

By working closely with them to drive improved standards, we have progressed more than halfway to our target of 100% physically certified palm oil and its derivatives for our core volumes by the end of 2019 and they will play a central part in our future progress.

Sustainable Palm Oil throughout their operations, including traders and their third parties.

Within this framework, we know that our suppliers are at different stages of progress towards sustainability.

That means working with them in different ways so that, together, we can have the most impact.

In practice, that results in a combination of approaches: proactive engagement aimed at improving standards, and responding to challenges brought to our attention.

We believe transparency plays an important role and we have published a full list of our direct suppliers on our website.

Improving the visibility of our supply chain ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry improving the visibility of our supply chain ).

Our suppliers can help us get closer to the people who grow our palm oil which in turn helps us ensure it comes from sustainable sources.

Perkebunan Nusantara (PTPN). It sets out how we will work together to support local mills and smallholder farmers to produce palm oil according to the standards of no deforestation, no development on peat and no exploitation of people and communities (NDPE).

As part of the partnership, PTPN will provide Unilever access to its mills and its supplying farmer base, and we will support the mills and farmers to obtain sustainability certification through a combination of dedicated resources, funding and technical expertise.

This will ensure smallholder farmers are better positioned to enter the palm oil supply chain they will be able to increase their productivity while producing palm oil to the right standards.

Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer, said: The MoU with PTPN is the first time we can apply the produce protect model at scale our partnership will have a positive impact in Indonesia from an environmental, social and economic perspective, which makes it unique to the industry.

Addressing concerns with our palm oil suppliers We know that serious issues, including human rights issues, exist within the palm oil industry.

So as well as working alongside our suppliers to help them improve their standards, we need to respond whenever concerns about a particular supplier are brought to our attention and to make sure our response is transparent and appropriate.

We're committed to handling all allegations of supplier non compliance with our Policy responsibly and have a clear Grievance Procedure for doing so.

An acknowledgement of the grievance and a preliminary review to determine whether the grievance is applicable to our supply chain.

An in depth review of the grievance, working with the supplier and an independent organisation to develop a time bound action and remediation plan.

Actions implemented by the supplier to resolve the issue, with the outcomes monitored.

We will often involve an independent organisation at various stages to collate further information and outline the requirements that the supplier needs to adhere to.

We have found that it is better to work with suppliers to help improve practices and resolve issues.

However, we will take appropriate action, consistent with our Five Principles for Sustainable Palm Oil, against suppliers who are unwilling or unable to comply.

In line with our Grievance Procedure and our commitment to a sustainable palm oil industry, we have a Palm Oil Grievance Form ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry engaging our palm oil suppliers lodge a palm oil grievance with unilever.html) where you can lodge a palm oil grievance, or you can email us at feedback.palmoil unilever.com (mailto:feedback.palmoil unilever.com).

Improving the visibility of our supply chain Our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy is helping us drive progress towards a visible, traceable supply of sustainable palm oil that is produced with respect for people's rights and without deforestation.

Knowing more about where our palm oil comes from Gaining greater visibility of our supply chain is crucial: it helps us identify issues on the ground and remediate them effectively, often in partnership with our suppliers, NGOs and government stakeholders.

We're working towards greater visibility in two main ways: by mapping the suppliers, third party suppliers and mills in our extended supply chain to really understand where our palm oil comes from and through our grievance mechanism, which enables others to raise issues with us, and which is described in Engaging our palm oil suppliers ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry engaging our palm oil suppliers ).

Our work on identifying smallholders in our supply chain is described in The importance of smallholders ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry the importance of smallholders ).

In 2018 we were able to trace 88% of our palm oil back to the mill it originates from.

And we have visibility of more than 1,600 mills in our extended supply chain.

Our aim is to achieve full traceability for all the palm oil we buy but there are challenges.

In the palm oil supply chain, palm oil may be traded repeatedly before we buy it and not all suppliers currently have the capability to trace back to the source.

Therefore, we have various initiatives in place to achieve full traceability.

These range from industry leading mapping and data programmes, to projects such as our 130 million investment in our own palm oil refinery in the Sei Mangkei Special Economic Zone of North Sumatra, which aims to increase traceability by bringing more smallholders into our supply chain.

We believe that alongside gaining a better understanding of our palm oil supply through mapping, we will make greater progress towards transformation by sharing the information we have.

Unilever believes that complete transparency is needed for radical transformation.

We want this to be the start of a new industry wide movement.

We have also shared the names and locations of around 1,600 mills and 100 refineries (sourcing from many mills) from around the world from which our suppliers source palm oil.

These form our mill universe’, shown in the map below.

Mill locations are an important indicator of where palm fruit is processed and therefore tell us more about where oil palm plantations are located.

Mills mapped and published in 2018 universal palm oil mill list_h1 2018_final_tcm244 530097_1_en.pdf) and refinery list (PDF 124KB) ( Images unilever s universal palm oil refinery list_h1 2018_final_tcm244 530098_1_en.pdf) can be found on our website.

We are currently working with Rainforest Alliance and Daemeter to improve the traceability to mill’ of our supply chain.

Rainforest Alliance using the RSPO PalmTrace platform.

The disclosed mill data is correct to the best of Unilever’s knowledge at the time of publication.

Although we have made considerable effort to validate the disclosed data, we cannot guarantee its full accuracy and therefore welcome any corrections that may be needed.

Rauf Prasodjo, our Sustainable Sourcing Manager in Singapore, explains an important part of his role mapping the origins of the palm fruit we buy.

I’ve been working in the palm oil sector since 2010.

Coming from Indonesia, I also see how important palm oil is to the country’s economy and to the many smallholder farmers and entrepreneurs in rural parts of this precious archipelago.

There’s still much to do, particularly in engaging with our suppliers to ensure continuous improvement in sustainability and the full implementation of our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy.

An important step in this is understanding the mills in our supply chain.

When we know which mills in our supply chain are located in high risk areas, we’ve been able to talk to our suppliers to understand the sourcing strategy of particular mills.

With this knowledge, we can then better mitigate environmental and social risks including deforestation through assessments and direct engagement.

The better our analysis, the more we can refine our approach.

And in the long term it will help us increase business efficiencies and sustainability by enabling us to engage directly with more actors in our supply chain, such as mills and smallholder farmers.

Understanding our supply chain helps us manage risk With the information we've gained from mapping our supply chain, we're better able to assess and identify risk.

By combining our mill data and the geospatial PALM Risk tool on the Global Forest Watch Commodities platform in a pilot programme, we've assessed risk using an index of five environmental factors: fire severity extent of forest recent deforestation peat and overall risk across these factors.

There is no standardised method of measuring social risk at the moment, but social indicators are included when we conduct site verification of mills located in high risk areas.

We’re working with the consultancies Daemeter and Proforest on a more detailed analysis of these high risk mills and their locations.

In particular, we're researching landscapes to enable us to set up strategic sustainability and remediation programmes with partners to address risks to forest cover, peat lands and fires.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our interest in a sustainable future. headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

The importance of smallholders Unlocking the potential of smallholder farmers through sustainable agriculture will play a vital role in transforming the palm oil industry and strengthening our supply chain.

Increasing the amount of sustainable palm oil we buy from suppliers who can trace it to known smallholders is a real opportunity for us to both help transform the sustainability of the palm oil industry, and ensure that we have a secure supply of a vital ingredient.

But many smallholder farmers face issues in terms of their productivity, profitability and sustainability.

These include land tenure challenges, poor agricultural practices, and a lack of access to markets or to finance for replanting and certification.

Examples can be found in our interactive map ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods mapping our farmers programmes ).

Since we stopped buying GreenPalm certificates in 2016, our aim has been to repurpose 50 million over five years that we would have spent on GreenPalm certificates and invest it in place based partnerships.

This will help increase the availability of physically certified sustainable palm oil and scale up direct sourcing from smallholder farmers.

In 2017 we committed to contribute up to 25 million to the Green Fund (target size 400 million) for investments in projects that remediate or avoid the need for deforestation.

The Green Fund aims to protect 5 million hectares of forests and peatlands by 2020.

See Partnerships for transformational change ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry partnerships for transformational change ).

We aim to support 25,000 farmers and work with NGO partners to help and incentivise smallholders to adopt sustainable management and agricultural practices.

Working with independent mills and the networks of smallholder farmers they buy from is a major opportunity to improve practices and increase the visibility of our supply chain.

In 2017, we began a pilot of our Farm Start for Palm programme in Riau province, Indonesia.

This aims to give smallholders the knowledge and resources they need to commit to the principles of no deforestation, no development of peat and no exploitation, while increasing their profitability.

In its first year, the programme mapped nearly 4,000 smallholdings supplying one independent mill and began sustainable agriculture training with nearly 600 smallholder farmers.

Over time, the programme aims to integrate thousands of smallholders into our supply chain expanding across Sumatra and using digital technology and traditional field training approaches to monitor, analyse and change practices to make them more sustainable.

To put our policies into practice and make our projects happen, it’s essential with work with expert partners on the ground.

For instance, we are testing the potential of a jurisdictional approach with the research institute INOBU in Central Kalimantan.

We believe one of the best ways to achieve transformational change is through adopting a 'jurisdictional approach' which means we preferentially buy from areas that have comprehensive climate and forest policies in place.

In Central Kalimantan, Indonesia, we are testing this new approach with independent smallholder farmers, addressing a set geographical area and working with communities of smallholders and local government to increase yields and prevent deforestation.

We’re working with Yayasan Penelitian Inovasi Bumi (INOBU), a leading non profit research institute based in Indonesia, and a number of other partners in the district of Kotawaringin Barat, mapping independent smallholdings and training farmers according to the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) principles on good agricultural and management practices.

In 2017, 190 independent smallholder farmers of the KUD Tani Subur cooperative became RSPO and Indonesian Sustainable Palm Oil (ISPO) certified the first cooperative in Kalimantan to achieve this.

Overall, the initiative will reach some 600 smallholders farming 1,400 hectares.

More training in 2018 is setting another 400 smallholders on the path to certification.

If this new approach continues to be successful, we think it has the potential to reach 12,000 farmers in the region.

As Roni, a palm oil farmer explains: I’m 64 and married with three children.

I became an oil palm smallholder in 2009 as it provided a higher income for me to support my family.

Being part of the Unilever Inobu programme has helped me improve my knowledge in areas such as fertiliser use to increase the amount and quality of my crops, while cultivating them in a more sustainable way.

I’m very proud to say that, with the additional income I now earn, I was recently able to send my youngest son to university.

A traceable supply chain: putting our ambition into action By working closely with suppliers, we're able to include more smallholders in our supply chain while driving progress towards certification and sustainable agriculture.

With the World Resources Institute Indonesia and other partners, we're developing plans to expand the project to include more than 5,000 smallholders and more PTPN 5 mills.

Driving change at scale is crucial To drive true transformational change in the palm oil industry, we need to go beyond our work with suppliers and smallholder farmers.

That means working with NGOs, governments, industry partners and smallholder farmers to change practices, fight deforestation and make a real impact on the ground.

We want to help lead actions that catalyse large scale, transformational change across industry sectors.

Of globally traded palm oil is now covered by no deforestation’ policies all committed to 'no deforestation' policies, which now cover over 90% of globally traded palm oil.

Commitments such as these have sent a strong signal to the market and there has been significant movement from growers and traders.

We know that when we and our peers come together to meet joint commitments, it can create impact.

Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) brings together CEOs and senior management from over 400 retailers, manufacturers, service providers and other stakeholders across 70 countries.

In 2010, together with other CGF members, we committed to mobilise resources within our business to help achieve zero net deforestation associated with four commodities by 2020: palm oil, soy, paper and board, and beef.

We have since extended our commitment to our tea businesses and supply chains.

Advancing industry standards Certification and assurance schemes have played an important part in driving progress in the industry.

Oil (RSPO), the not for profit, industry led initiative set up in co operation with conservation organisation WWF. We're committed to supporting and strengthening its standards, which are uniquely recognised across the palm oil industry.

At the same time, our Sustainable Palm Oil Sourcing Policy goes beyond those standards, in the areas of no deforestation, no development on peat, no exploitation of people or communities, driving positive social and economic impact for smallholders and women while protecting forests and transparency areas where we think the industry as a whole needs to show more progress.

Hannah Hislop is our Global Advocacy and Partnerships Manager.

Forests are being lost or degraded because of increasing global demand for agricultural commodities.

Many people will naturally mourn the loss of majestic forests, and the astonishing biodiversity they harbour, in their own right.

But we also fundamentally rely on the ecosystem services they provide, not least water and climate regulation both of which are vital to global food production.

We know it’s possible to have a world in which protected forests help to sustainably increase food production.

We need many complementary approaches that add up to a complete transformation of how we use land.

With better support, skills and financing, smallholder farmers could be helped to dramatically improve their yields and livelihoods on the condition that they do not encroach further into the forest.

And more traditional community management of forests could prevent indigenous people suffering violence or being forced off their lands and offer a key to curbing carbon emissions too.

Governments have a huge role to play too, as do businesses.

They can shift the vast sums of money (around 780 billion) currently flowing into the sectors that drive deforestation towards conservation and restoration instead.

We've been working with grower companies and NGOs to help develop a single set of principles for the implementation of companies’ commitments to no deforestation in their palm oil operations and supply chains.

Approach Toolkit 2.0 (http: highcarbonstock.org the hcs approach toolkit ).

We encourage all growers and users of palm oil to adopt this methodology and move to implementation while recognising that the next big challenges will be to ensure the application of the High Carbon Stock Approach in highly forested landscapes and with smallholder farmers.

Company commitments tell only one part of the story.

Just as important are the roles of government and civil society.

We need to align business action with public policy, through partnership and collaboration.

Forest Alliance 2020 (TFA) to promote exactly that.

The partnership's goal is to eliminate deforestation from the supply chains of consumer goods companies.

The TFA is one of several public private partnerships we're involved in, and which we think can achieve real change.

For example, we've committed to contribute up to 25 million to the Green Fund.

Fund to combat deforestation capitalisation goal of 400 million by 2020 and an aim to trigger 1.6 billion in private capital investments, the Fund is an exciting opportunity to jointly shape solutions to mitigate deforestation.

It is designed to attract investments in deforestation free agriculture and aims to protect 5 million hectares of forests and peatlands.

Sustainable tea leading the industry As the world’s biggest tea packer, we believe that leading the way in sustainable tea sourcing creates an enormous opportunity: both to secure the tea we need for our much loved brands and to make a significant positive impact on communities and the environment.

Why we want to lead the way to a sustainable tea industry Our brands include some of the biggest and most innovative names in tea.

Lipton, the world’s leading tea brand, is enjoyed in more than 110 countries, while iconic brands such as PG tips, Brooke Bond and Bushells refresh millions of tea drinkers every day.

Its health and wellness philosophy centres on benefiting people, plants and planet, so Pukka has a clear strategic fit with our business.

The second acquisition is TAZO , which we acquired from Starbucks.

Both represent good opportunities to expand our business in the fast growing speciality tea market.

Our portfolio means we’re one of the biggest buyers of tea in the world.

And across every brand, we’re committed to sustainably sourcing 100% of our tea, including loose tea, by 2020.

Why Because investing in sustainable tea is essential for our future success.

We want to ensure that we will continue to have a supply of quality tea from expert tea farmers to underpin our growth.

We need to show that we’re committed to long term partnerships with stakeholders in societies and economies where tea is grown, and inspire consumers to trust, and choose, the quality and sustainability of our tea.

But tea is also essential to our ambitions to make a positive impact through our business.

Our brands connect us to millions of people whose livelihoods depend on tea production, and to the ecosystems they share including 750,000 smallholdings, mostly in Africa and Asia, as well as our own estates in Kenya and Tanzania.

Such a wide ranging supply chain brings its own challenges but it also gives us the opportunity to make a real difference to communities and to the environment.

Alliance Certified sources by the end of 2015, and are making good progress towards our 2020 target for all tea, see Targets performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

Cross cutting programmes that aim to change lives In 2017, we were working on around 40 major programmes in our tea supply chain.

The objectives of these programmes included increasing tea workers’ and smallholders’ incomes, improving health, empowering women, improving sanitation, supporting biodiversity and addressing climate change with individual programmes often addressing multiple issues.

NGOs to local and national governments, the wider tea industry and beyond.

One of the most important ways to drive change in any agricultural sector is through certification.

Network certification standard and began to certify our tea farms, in the process helping to transform both our own supply chain and the wider industry.

In 2007, we became the first major tea company to commit to sustainably sourcing tea on a large scale.

In the same year Kericho, our largest tea estate in Kenya, was the first tea farm to achieve Rainforest Alliance certification.

However, certification is not the only way to create change.

We recognise the importance of exploring alternative approaches which in some cases are a better fit or go further than existing schemes.

Partnerships for impact Public private partnerships provide the opportunity to develop sustainable practices and improve the livelihoods of the people working in tea supply chains.

We have signed public private partnerships in Kenya, Malawi, Tanzania and Vietnam, helping us reach nearly 568,000 farmers since 2006.

Farmer Field Schools for guidance on how to share best agricultural practices, increase yields, improve quality and improve their health and nutrition.

As a result, around 580,000 farmers have met the standards for Rainforest Alliance farm certification.

In 2016, with the Farmer Field Schools fully embedded, we handed over full responsibility for them to KTDA.

Partnerships also address labour conditions on tea estates in regions such as Assam in India, where more needs to be done to eradicate unacceptable practices.

The strengthening of certification models, particularly regarding labour rights and working conditions, is a key part of the solution.

Our Lipton brand has deep roots in Sri Lanka, where Sir Thomas Lipton grew his first tea more than a century ago.

Today, more than 70% of the tea leaves grown on the island are farmed by smallholders, working in plots that average less than an acre (under half a hectare).

But too often they have been unable to access the information and support they need to unlock their full potential.

As Neville Ratnayake, Chairman of Sri Lanka Federation of Tea Smallholders, describes it: The average monthly tea yield in Sri Lanka is 300 kg.

But these methods are not widely adopted because most farmers use localised, traditional practices due to a lack of access to information.

This is holding back individual farmers and the progress of an entire industry.

In 2017, we began a new partnership with the Federation and telecoms provider Dialog Axiata to reach 400,000 smallholders with knowledge and sustainable growing techniques.

By using technology to ensure smallholders get advice just when they need it, the partnership aims to help them grow their yields and incomes while making our supply chain more resilient and sustainable.

With content provided by a number of organisations, such as the Ministry of Agriculture, Govi Mithuru delivers voice mails tailored to a farmer’s crop, location and stage of cultivation.

Federation and a local university, we also aim to set up model farms where farmers from neighbouring areas will be invited to study and learn face to face.

Sustainable agriculture beyond We work with a range of partners on initiatives that take sustainable agricultural practices as a starting point, and go beyond them to tackle wider social and environmental issues.

Partnership (ETP), a non governmental organisation which works with tea companies and retailers to drive improvements in sustainability.

Through the Malawi Tea 2020 programme, we joined the ETP and public and private partners in establishing 50 Farmer Field Schools in Malawi in 2017, as well as working to increase tea sector wages, see Fair compensation ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace fair compensation ).

We are founder members of trustea, the Indian tea industry collaboration on sustainability.

The trustea logo guarantees the social, economic, agronomic and environmental performance of Indian tea estates, smallholders and bought leaf factories’ factories that buy tea from multiple sources.

The initiative covers over 600 tea factories and will impact 40,000 smallholders, and 500,000 tea estate workers.

By the end of 2017, 536 factories had achieved trustea verification, impacting over 38,000 smallholders and around 490,000 tea estate workers, over half of whom were women.

In 2014 we launched Tea 2030 with Forum for the Future.

Yorkshire Tea, James Finlays, the Ethical Tea Partnership and Fairtrade International have also joined the initiative.

Tea 2030 focuses on three areas: sustainable landscapes, market mechanisms and engaging consumers.

Inclusive business ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business ).

Understanding how to reduce pesticides The climate and agricultural practices on our plantations in Kenya and Tanzania allow tea to be grown without pesticides, but in some parts of the world conditions currently require pesticides to preserve yields.

We encourage the global tea industry to reduce the use of pesticides to a minimum.

Our Unilever Guidelines on Use of Pesticides in Sustainable Tea Sourcing are applied through our Sustainable Agriculture Code.

Agriculture and Biosciences International to conduct an independent scientific study to evaluate non pesticide methods for protecting tea crops in India.

In partnership with the Tocklai Tea Research Institute, CABI conducted field trials over 2015 2017 on tea estates in Assam.

In the Phulbari tea garden, for example, the results showed that an ecologically managed plot can deliver a comparable yield to one conventionally managed with pesticides.

This is the first time this has been demonstrated through a scientific study.

CABI has now developed a toolkit of best practice to help tea growers combat common pests such as red spider mite, loopers, thrips, black rot and the tea mosquito bug.

Ensuring tea has a long term future Tea is second only to water as the world’s most popular non alcoholic drink and our brands are long standing favourites the world over.

While we believe the tea industry and our tea brands have a bright future, we recognise the challenges presented to their growth.

These include climate change, water scarcity, competition for land, working conditions and rapidly changing consumer markets.

We’ve started an R D project to cultivate more sustainable varieties of tea as a contribution to helping safeguard the future of the world’s tea supply.

Our project is run in partnership with Nature Source Genetics in our tea gardens in Kenya.

It aims to increase the number of crops that can withstand drought, disease and pests.

Working with tea research institutes, universities and tea companies, we’ve sourced more than a thousand tea cultivars from around the world and are mapping their genetic diversity.

We will preserve a selection of these as a living core collection, to secure tea resilience for future generations of farmers and the people who drink their tea.

Transforming global food systems We're working with others to transform food systems for the better.

Sustainable agriculture can make a critical difference to many of the world's most pressing challenges, including hunger and food insecurity, poverty, and climate change.

Unlocking the potential of food and farmers The world needs to increase food production by 60% to feed a population that could reach 9 billion people by 2050.

But scarce resources, environmental degradation and a changing climate are all putting strains on agricultural productivity and threatening food security.

More food is needed if we are to feed 9 billion people in 2050 potential.

The farmers working on the world's estimated 500 million smallholdings face a range of systemic challenges that prevent them increasing their yields and improving their livelihoods.

To a progressive food business like ours, these issues present a commercial as well as humanitarian imperative because we depend on a supply of sustainably sourced, nutritious ingredients, many of which come from farms and forests.

So we believe global food systems have to change, to better serve farmers and their communities, the planet, and the people who buy our brands.

How will that change be achieved We think the widespread adoption of sustainable agriculture will be transformative.

What are we calling for We think there has to be a change in the nature of farming and that the process of change will bring enormous opportunities.

We advocate a move away from purely production led approaches, which run at the expense of people and planet.

In their place, we want to see more integrated, holistic approaches ones that both improve livelihoods for farmers and enable sustainable agriculture.

Sustainable agriculture has the potential to help address some of the world's biggest challenges.

But sustainable sourcing has wider impacts too by making a contribution to ending poverty (SDG 1), quality education (SDG 4) and decent work and economic growth (SDG 8).

And none of these ambitions can be achieved without partnerships (SDG 17) to drive collaborative action.

Transforming an industry takes collective action We're committed to sourcing our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

We've been working with our suppliers and farmers for more than 20 years to drive up standards in our supply chain.

But transforming an entire sector is not something any single business can do alone.

The systemic changes that are needed will only come about through concerted action by a range of partners, and through committed advocacy.

Making food agriculture a global priority We want the debate on food and agriculture to be high on the political and business agenda.

Development Goals would help create a world where responsible business can continue to thrive.

Use FReSH News EAT and WBCSD take action to transform the global food system) launched at the EAT Stockholm Food Forum in June 2016.

This global initiative seeks to accelerate the transformation towards a healthy and sustainable global food system, and will bring together stakeholders across science, business, government and civil society to form science based targets for the food system and develop scalable business solutions to achieve those targets.

In 2018 the Business Commission for Sustainable Development closed its doors, leaving a number of legacy organisations to continue key strands of its work.

These systems need to protect and ultimately regenerate natural resources, become a carbon sink rather than a carbon contributor, feed 9 billion people in a healthier, less wasteful way, and provide a more prosperous and resilient lifestyle for farmers.

FOLU was launched in 2017, bringing together an alliance of around 30 progressive businesses, forward thinking policy makers, foundations, investors, academics, international organisations and members of civil society to act as a flywheel for transformative change.

We are one of its founder members and part of its management team.

Breaking the link between deforestation agriculture Deforestation contributes up to 15% of global greenhouse gas emissions and the principal driver of deforestation is commercial agriculture.

As populations grow and their demand for key commodities increases, so does the pressure on forests.

Yet forests are essential for life on earth and to the future of agriculture.

They sustain the livelihoods of 1.6 billion people who depend on them for food, medicines and fuel.

People worldwide depend on forests climate and are invaluable reserves of biodiversity.

Together with others in our industry, we have committed to achieving zero net deforestation associated with four commodities palm oil, soy, paper and board, and beef no later than 2020.

We have extended this commitment to our tea businesses and supply chains.

Sustainable Agriculture Code, which we updated in 2017.

A particular focus is on palm oil sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ), where we can use our scale to make a difference.

As the world’s largest single buyer of palm oil, we cannot countenance this essential commodity being a source of deforestation and exploitation.

Our key business objective is therefore to assure that we have affordable access to sustainably sourced palm oil for the long term.

Goods Forum (CGF). CGF comprises 400 members, including all the world’s major consumer goods manufacturers, retailers and service providers.

TFA is committed to reducing, and eventually eliminating, deforestation associated with the sourcing of palm oil, soy, beef, pulp and paper.

The Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Platform The Sustainable Agriculture Initiative Platform (SAI Platform), which we co founded with Nestl and Danone in 2002, brings together around 90 companies from the food and beverage industry to communicate and build knowledge on sustainable agriculture.

Assessment (FSA) of sustainable agriculture practices in 2014.

The agreed set of assessment criteria for farmers meets the sustainable sourcing needs of many companies.

Any farmer can complete the assessment online and it can be used for most crop types, farm sizes and locations around the world.

Smallholders: at the heart of transformation Smallholders are an essential part of the global food system, producing around 80% of the food in Asia and sub Saharan Africa.

They are among the groups with most to gain from, and contribute to, the transformation opportunity presented by sustainable agriculture.

Africa comes from smallholders living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods mapping our farmers programmes ) shows where we're working with smallholders on sustainable agriculture.

Tackling food waste Around a third of the food produced worldwide never gets eaten.

Reducing that waste is an opportunity to address food insecurity and reduce the environmental impact of food production.

We helped to shape the Consumer Goods Forum resolution on Food Waste, which commits to halving food waste by 2025 in retail and manufacturing operations, as well as supporting food waste reduction at consumer level and across supply chains.

Our work in this area is described in Reducing food loss waste ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging reducing food loss and waste ).

Connecting consumers sustainability People want high performing, value for money products from purpose driven’ brands that they trust to act responsibly.

By inspiring consumers to buy sustainably sourced ingredients, we can grow our business and help drive a movement for sustainable living.

Sustainable Living brands are driving growth Our consumer research tells us that 1 in 3 people are already buying sustainably.

We want to build this on movement, to encourage more consumers to choose sustainable products.

It will help us achieve our purpose of making sustainable living commonplace while driving growth for our brands.

Every day, 2.5 billion people use a Unilever brand.

So we have a big opportunity to make a difference.

People would choose brands with clearer sustainability credentials on pack sustainability at the heart of our brands is inspiring our consumers and growing our sales.

These are the brands that have met our benchmark of having a clear purpose that, over time, helps to tackle a social or environmental concern.

Knorr, Dove, Dirt is Good (our laundry brands which have different names in different markets), Lipton, Rexona and Hellmann’s.

Through our USLP, we're working to increase the positive social and environmental impacts of all our brands and to increase the number that reach the Sustainable Living brand benchmark.

Increasingly we see that people want to buy from companies and brands that not only have great products at the right price, but also t with their values.

Our experience is that brands whose purpose and products respond to that demand are delivering stronger and faster growth.

Our business is investment led, innovation led and sustainability led.

We will continue to invest in our brands to drive their growth, popularity and consumer bene ts whilst ensuring they are contributing positively to society and the environment.

Inspiring consumers to choose sustainable ingredients Consumers are becoming much more aware of the positive difference brands can make to social and environmental issues, and also to the difference they themselves can make through their everyday shopping choices.

We want to help consumers choose products that make sustainable living more commonplace by giving them the information they need and inspiring them with our purpose, as well as through quality and price.

Inspiring Sustainable Living (PDF 2MB) ( Images making purpose pay inspiring sustainable living_tcm244 506468_en.pdf).

That means using on pack messaging, our brand websites, social media, TV and print advertising to connect consumers with the purpose behind our brands.

Knorr’s sustainable living purpose is to unlock flavour and goodness from everyday food from farm to fork, through sourcing 100% of ingredients sustainably to nutritious cooking.

In fact, as our biggest brand, Knorr takes a lead role in communicating our commitment to sustainable agriculture.

When Knorr’s Tomato and Mascarpone soup was launched in France in 2012, it carried the label Made with sustainably grown tomatoes’ the first time we’d promoted an ingredient as sustainably sourced.

Today, Knorr’s Sustainability Partnership on pack logo tells people that at least 50% of the product contains sustainably grown ingredients, or that 100% of the main ingredient is sustainably grown.

France, to pumpkins in Australia (http: sustainability.continental.com.au ).

In Brazil, Knorr’s Know me better’ sustainability campaign reached an estimated 31.8 million people.

Lipton’s purpose is to support farmers by working to improve their livelihoods and those of their families while protecting the planet for the future.

By 2015, all the tea for our Lipton tea bag blends was sourced from Rainforest Alliance Certified estates, a major step for the world’s biggest tea brand.

We launched Hellmann’s Red and Green Tomato Ketchup in April 2017.

It’s a good example of how Hellmann’s is putting in place sustainable business practices as it champions real food and the people who grow and harvest it.

Our new ketchup uses red and green tomatoes, whereas traditionally only red would be included.

But by only using red tomatoes, 10% of the total harvest was being discarded.

So we developed a new recipe to include both which has potentially saved 2.5 million tomatoes from going to waste each year.

And our consumers’ feedback tells us there’s no compromise on taste.

Find out more about how Hellmann’s did this and the action we’re taking on Reducing food loss waste ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging reducing food loss and waste ).

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Eco efficiency in manufacturing We want to make our manufacturing as efficient as possible using fewer resources and generating less waste.

Reducing the environmental impacts of our manufacturing eco efficiency is a key part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).

It enables us to reduce our environmental footprint, as our business grows.

It reduces costs and contributes to better overall factory performance.

The USLP sets out our greenhouse gas, water and waste reduction targets and our ambition to play a leadership role in the transition to a zero carbon economy by becoming carbon positive in our manufacturing by 2030.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 63% reduction per tonne of production and a 43% absolute reduction.

In order to achieve our target of carbon positive by 2030, we intend to directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume and make the surplus available to the markets and communities in which we operate.

Find out more about our greenhouse gas targets and performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases ), our carbon positive ambition ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) and how we are reducing emissions in our own operations ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations investing for a sustainable future ).

Reduce water abstracted by manufacturing sites By 2020, water abstraction by our global factory network will be at or below 2008 levels, despite significantly higher volumes.

This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of production.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 78% reduction per tonne of production and a 65% absolute reduction.

We will focus in particular on factories in water scarce locations.

Furthermore, all newly built factories will aim to abstract less than half the water of those in our 2008 baseline.

Find out more about our water targets and performance ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use ) and how we are driving water efficiency in our factories ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use sustainable water use in our manufacturing operations ).

Reduce waste from manufacturing By 2020, total waste sent for disposal will be at or below 2008 levels despite significantly higher volumes.

This represents a reduction of around 40% per tonne of production.

Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents an 80% reduction per tonne of production and a 70% absolute reduction.

Furthermore, all newly built factories will aim to generate less than half the waste of those in our 2008 baseline.

Delivering savings Eco efficiency is not just about reducing our environmental footprint it also makes good business sense.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) delivers significant savings to our business.

Performance Reporting system for all manufacturing sites and by each energy and water type, which enables us to measure the economic benefits of our eco efficiency programme.

We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.

Our manufacturing sustainability strategy We are reducing the greenhouse gas emissions, waste and water impacts of our manufacturing operations as our business grows.

We aim to repeat technology implementation once proven to locations where it makes obvious sense.

Not only does this reduce equipment purchasing and design costs, but leverages our global scale to speed up implementation, rolling out what we learn in one site to others across our business and raising awareness among our colleagues.

Investing for a sustainable future In March 2014, Unilever issued a 250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting investors to support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit.

The four and a half year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the first green bond in the sterling market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG company.

Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around the Environmental and Use of Proceeds criteria.

This is the fourth Unilever Green Sustainability Bond Report for the year to 31st December 2017.

Maintenance (TPM) tools and techniques and focuses on integrating sustainability through continual improvement and investment in efficient equipment and new technologies.

This covers more than half our production cost and environmental footprint.

Within the target setting process, every factory is given improvement targets.

This helps to measure their performance against our sustainability performance indicators, to ensure that sustainability is part of what we do each day and that the link between eco efficiency and better factory performance is clear.

Every year we ring fence capital investment for projects that reduce energy, CO2, water use and waste that deliver the strongest environmental and financial benefits.

This is generated through our internal carbon penalty on CO2 emissions from our manufacturing sites.

In 2017 we invested 43 million in energy, CO2 and water saving projects through this capital fund.

The projects will achieve an average payback period of less than two years.

Living Plan (USLP) and we can learn a lot from each other.

For instance, we’ve found that a practice from one factory can often be easily replicated elsewhere.

This helps speed up the delivery of environmental benefits and inspire new ideas.

We have a central Best Practice Portal, with over 360 environmental replicable examples which range from methods for using data to drive energy reduction, through cost effective sludge dewatering initiatives to large scale wastewater recycling technologies.

Efficient purchasing By consolidating our procurement through global, regional or national contracts we can achieve environmental improvements in a cost effective way.

While we are reducing our energy intensity, we are scaling up our use of renewable energy.

By the end of 2017, 107 of our manufacturing sites across 35 countries were using 100% renewable grid electricity.

Where it is not possible to produce our own renewable electricity on our sites, we make direct purchase agreements with large scale solar or wind installations, and with small scale hydropower schemes.

For example, in 2017 around 82% of the electricity used across our factories, distribution centres and offices in Mexico has been produced from wind power.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in an interest in a sustainable future. our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Our eco efficiency performance We made good progress in 2017 against our targets for CO2, energy, water and waste in manufacturing, reducing our environmental impact and saving money for the business.

Our eco efficiency targets The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan commits us to long term targets for CO2 from energy, renewable energy, water and total waste.

To ensure we make progress year on year, we also set annual global targets for each of our eco efficiency performance indicators.

Our regions and divisions assign targets to specific manufacturing sites in order to deliver our overall targets.

This section details how we set our targets and the scope of our data.

Eco efficiency is not just about reducing our environmental footprint it also makes good business sense.

Since 2008, we have achieved cost avoidance from eco efficiency in our factories of around 82 million in water savings, 493 million in energy savings and around 262 million by using less material and producing less waste.

Additional indicators We have been reporting and monitoring our eco efficiency performance for over 20 years.

In addition to our four principal indicators we use a number of other metrics to track progress.

The COD values from effluent discharge were under reported in 2015 for 4 sites.

COD values for these sites using actual data, where available, and estimates.

The total adjustment results in emissions of chemical oxygen demand (COD) in kg per tonne of production to be restated for 2015 from 0.95 to 1.14.

The numbers in the 2015, 2016 and 2017 columns are rounded.

Percentage change therefore reflects underlying numbers, not the rounded values stated in this table.

You can find out more about our performance in other sections of our website.

CO 2 from energy and energy use are covered in detail in reducing emissions in our own operations ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations investing for a sustainable future ).

Environmental prosecutions and fines We aim to maintain the highest possible standards of environmental management.

We monitor and report all occurrences of environmental prosecutions and resulting fines associated with infringements from our manufacturing sites.

The data is reported for 100% of our factory sites.

How we collect data We collect eco efficiency data from our manufacturing sites monthly using our web based reporting system.

This covers both key measures of environmental performance and qualitative measures of environmental management.

Manufacturing sites also report detailed utility cost data, enabling us to measure the financial benefits associated with eco efficiency.

Financial achievements and environmental benefits are included in our routine management reports.

We continually improve how we collect and report data.

Since 2007, we have focused on improving our reporting on renewable energy, biogenic fuels and our resulting CO2 emissions, with reference to the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Protocol.

This enables us to monitor performance more closely and act quickly to maintain progress against targets.

In parallel, through a globally co ordinated programme, many of our manufacturing sites make use of real time eco efficiency data, collected through automated measurement, monitoring and targeting (MM T) systems.

This helps them to better track their performance and identify reduction opportunities.

By the end of 2018, we are aiming to have 100% of sites covered by the MM T programme.

Data for years prior to 2013 is for calendar year (1 January 31 December).

Our data does not cover third party companies that manufacture or pack our products, with the proportion of total production volume varying across regions and product divisions.

We aim to improve the environmental impact of these products with our suppliers through our Partner to Win programme.

Assurance of data Our eco efficiency data has been independently assured since 1996.

In 2017 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) provided independent limited assurance of 11 environmental manufacturing indicators.

PwC's work in 2017 included visiting a sample of 9 manufacturing sites around the world, 2 desktop reviews and reviewing the data collection, aggregation, validation and reporting processes used for these indicators.

We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Our environmental management system Our environmental management system provides a framework for continual environmental improvement in our manufacturing sites.

It helps us achieve the ambitious environmental targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

About our management system As well as local legislation, all of our manufacturing and office sites companies must comply with the Unilever SHE Framework Standards for occupational safety and health and environmental care (SHE), and our Consumer Safety Policy.

ISO 14001 and 33% are certified via other third parties, and 31% internally.

This diagram shows the elements of our EMS from policy, planning and implementation to monitoring and review.

Unilever is committed to making continuous improvements in the management of our environmental impact and to the longer term goal of developing a sustainable business.

Unilever will work in partnership with others to promote environmental care, increase understanding of environmental issues and disseminate good practice.

The Code of Business Principles ensures our conduct is in compliance with laws and regulations, protects our brands and reputation, and prevents harm to people or the environment.

Environmental standards Our businesses must also comply with more detailed standards and guidance documents.

Our standards cover areas such as third party manufacturing, SHE management systems’ auditing, environmental performance reporting and the notification and investigation of SHE incidents.

They also conduct a continual self assessment of their operating controls.

The results of these processes are reported to the Corporate Risk Committee each year via a Positive Assurance letter.

This assurance process is based on the principle that managers are accountable for all aspects of corporate behaviour and performance in their units.

Our environmental indicators for manufacturing directly contribute to the achievement of the nine commitments that make up the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and we consider them crucial for our business, so they will always be assured.

Internal and external auditing Regular environmental audits help our sites to achieve continuous improvement.

All manufacturing sites not certified to ISO 14001 undergo an environmental audit at least once every three years under our Environmental Care Framework Standard.

Audits are carried out by trained Unilever employees who are not employed at the site being audited.

Our World Class Manufacturing programme also includes an audit of environmental performance.

Sites certified to ISO 14001 are audited annually by the relevant certifying body.

As part of our annual environmental performance reporting assurance process, our independent external auditors visit 9 manufacturing sites each year.

They review each site’s processes for environmental and occupational safety data collection, collation and validation.

Our purchase of certified renewable electricity is also subject to external audit annually.

Natural capital We rely on nature for many of the ingredients and raw materials that make up our products.

We are working in partnership with others to explore how natural capital can be better integrated into business decision making.

Approaches to managing natural capital Natural capital is another term for the stock of renewable and non renewable resources (eg plants, air, water, soils, and minerals) that combine to yield a flow of benefits to people.

The benefits provided by natural capital include clean air, food, water, energy, shelter, medicine, and the raw materials we use in the creation of our products.

It also provides less obvious benefits such as flood defence, the regulation of the climate and pollination of crops.

Studies have shown that as a global population we are depleting natural resources faster than the earth can replenish them, and at an accelerating rate.

As a society, we have effectively grown financial capital in large part through the use, exploitation, and degradation of natural capital.

Measuring natural capital impacts Like many businesses, our first step towards considering our relationship with natural capital has been to consider our principal environmental impacts.

What sets the USLP apart is that it takes a value chain approach, seeking to identify these impacts not only within our own operations but also within our supply chain and in consumer use.

We developed methodologies for measuring our footprint in each of these areas and set time bound targets for reducing them.

Beyond these three pillars, Unilever also considers broader natural capital issues in a variety of specific contexts related to the USLP.

Natural capital deforestation Our efforts to eliminate deforestation ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ) from commodity supply chains are driven in part by the GHG impacts of tropical deforestation, but also through a recognition of the rich natural capital and biodiversity at risk in areas of high conservation value.

Many of these relate to natural capital, including soil health, soil loss, nutrients, pest management, and biodiversity.

In our tea supply chain we actively manage the relationship between our tea plantations and the ecosystems that support them, including the Mau Forest in Kenya which borders our plantations and is integral in ensuring a water supply to our site.

Natural capital water We routinely consider dependencies on natural capital such as water when considering the location or relocation of manufacturing plants, recognising that without these supplies we may be unable to operate competitively.

Additionally, we place extra focus on water efficiency in water scarce locations ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use water smart products for water stressed living ).

Handwashing Laundry Powder and RIN detergent bars both of which use up to half the water needed for rinsing, making the washing process easier and less water intensive for consumers in water scarce regions.

Developing tools to integrate natural capital in decision making Many of our raw materials come from agriculture.

They are the fundamental ingredients for our food and refreshment products, as well as our beauty personal care and home care products such as detergents and soaps.

The interest in bio based materials for these product divisions is likely to increase in the future, a phenomenon which is not unique to Unilever.

Global food production is expected to increase by 70% by 2050 and demand for non food agricultural products, including biofuels, wood products, and textiles, is also expected to increase, heightening competition for land and water.

We believe that it will be increasingly important to manage the demands of competing uses for these resources and their impacts on the environment.

Natural Capital Project (http: www.naturalcapitalproject.org ).

Consumer goods companies often rely on life cycle assessments (LCA) to establish the potential consequences of design and sourcing decisions.

This kind of assessment, while sophisticated, often lacks detail about how the products impact natural resources such as land, water and biodiversity.

The project resulted in a new kind of assessment to integrate these impacts in a more detailed way.

Called Land Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment’ (LUCI LCA), the approach can help researchers and companies more accurately predict impacts of new designs and sourcing approaches and is especially helpful for Unilever in the context of our zero net deforestation commitment.

We continue to work on developing approaches to predict land use change and plan to publish our research in 2018.

Working with others to advance best practice in natural capital management Since the USLP was launched, there has been a wide ranging global conversation on how natural capital approaches can be improved and strengthened.

Many now recognise the need to move beyond managing impacts on natural capital, and consider more holistically the management of stocks of natural capital, flows of natural capital within systems, and dependencies of organisations on natural capital.

We are working with others to understand more about how to do this.

The Coalition is made up of organizations in many sectors including science, academia, business, finance and government.

These organizations have united under a common vision of a world where business conserves and enhances natural capital.

Unilever provided technical comments on the draft Protocol and has shared outputs of the Natural Capital Project with this group to encourage wider uptake of the methodology developed.

Taking it further valuation We recognise that the world is in the early days of understanding and measuring natural capital in ways that can be systematically integrated into business decision making.

Current approaches focus predominantly on impacts, and more can be done to understand flows, states and dependencies.

There are important questions about whether the valuation of natural capital will assist in the integration of natural capital decision making, or whether it is preferable to understand the value of these resources independent of a monetary value being applied.

We have implemented an internal price on carbon for internal investment decisions in anticipation of future external costs of carbon being levied find out more about how we have applied a 40 internal carbon price to fund investments ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) in, for example, renewable energy generation.

Other natural capital impacts within our value chain are significantly more complex and the regulatory conversation less advanced.

We have conducted an internal study to assess the feasibility and benefit of applying monetary values to impacts for a case study on bioplastics.

We found that while monetisation can be useful to show the magnitude of impacts on natural capital, the availability of suitable data is not yet sufficient for decision making between options, owing to the uncertainties involved.

Land Use Change Improved Life Cycle Assessment approach.

We remain committed to working with others through the Natural Capital Coalition and with its members to continually evolve our approach to conserving and enhancing natural capital as part of our approach to building a more sustainable business.

Lifecycle assessments Our products have an impact on the environment at each stage of their life cycle from the sourcing of raw materials through to product manufacture, distribution, consumer use and disposal.

Understanding and managing these impacts is crucial to achieving our Sustainable Living Plan goals.

Life cycle assessment (LCA) is one of several techniques we use to help us understand the impacts of our products on the environment.

We use LCA in three ways: in new product design for assessments of existing products and in science and methodological development.

New product design Insights and knowledge from LCAs enable us to compare new and existing products and to measure the differences in their respective environmental profiles.

This information helps guide product developers during the innovation process and may be used to communicate the environmental performance of our products to consumers.

Existing product assessment We conduct LCAs on our existing products and ingredients to identify opportunities to reduce environmental impacts, and to improve the quality, availability and relevance of data used for our own studies and by other organisations.

LCAs to support our work with supply chain partners on some of our key crops such as palm oil and tomatoes.

Inventories of the key surfactants used in home and beauty personal care products.

Science methodological development We engage with partners to develop and promote the science used for LCA, aiming to improve both the robustness and scope of life cycle based approaches and assessment.

We have published a number of papers (2017 publications list below) on new impact assessment methods for LCA within the areas of land use, biodiversity and water related impacts and the challenges of applying a planetary boundary based approach.

Our scientists also support the development of the science and capability for life cycle thinking.

We sponsor programmes such as and the UNEP Life Cycle Initiative and participate in one of the EU Product Environmental Footprinting pilots on liquid laundry detergent.

European Industrial Doctorate project ( RELIEF project (http: relief project.eu )), through which we support the studies of five PhD students, who are working to improve the reliability of LCA for product footprinting.

Intra and inter year variability of agricultural carbon footprints A case study on field grown tomatoes.

By 2020 we will enhance the livelihoods of millions of people as we grow our business.

Our approach Our business contributes to the economic livelihoods of many people and communities across our value chain.

In developing and emerging markets, we have an even greater impact.

Our supplier and distribution networks involve millions of smallholder farmers, distributors and retailers, many of whom are women.

We want to deliver both business growth and positive social impact.

We are embedding human rights across our business and are using the power of our brands to advocate important social issues to our consumers.

Three pillars of our Plan support our big goal to enhance livelihoods for millions.

These commitments are fundamental to the way we aspire to do business and support our continued growth.

Advancing opportunities for women empowering 5 million women by advancing opportunities for women in our operations, promoting safety, providing up skilling and expanding opportunities in our retail value chain.

Developing an inclusive business by improving the livelihoods of 500,000 smallholder farmers and the incomes of 5 million small scale retailers, and by increasing the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

In order to achieve these commitments, we need to work in our own operations, through our extended supply chain and our distribution channels.

We want to see fairness in the workplace, opportunities for women and inclusive business as standard in the business world and aim to work in partnership to create wider movement in the industry.

The description of the implementation activities for human rights in 2017 and the series of activities to create the Framework for Fair Compensation have been independently assured by PwC ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ).

In 2017 we amended the way we assess compliance with the RSP, hence prior years’ numbers are not comparable.

We’re advancing diversity, promoting safety for women and enhancing skills.

We're committed to improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, supporting small scale retailers, and helping young entrepreneurs.

Fairness in the workplace is about respecting the rights of all those who work with us.

Millions of people work in our operations and extended supply chain, helping us create the products used by billions more.

For us, fairness in the workplace is about respecting, and advancing, their human rights everywhere we operate, and in everything we do.

Our guiding principle is that business can only flourish in societies in which human rights are respected, advanced and upheld.

We believe respecting and promoting human rights forms the foundation for a healthy, sustainable and equitable business, and are essential for effective relationships with everyone we depend on.

This is reflected throughout the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, and in many areas of this Sustainable Living Report, including in Sustainable sourcing, Opportunities for women, and Inclusive business.

Through the work described in the Fairness in the Workplace section of this report, we aim to contribute to a number of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), primarily: Good Health and Well being (SDG 3), Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8), and Reduced Inequalities (SDG 10).

Underpinning the achievement of these goals is SDG 17 Partnerships for the Goals.

See our Human Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB) for how our activities support other SDGs.

By working in collaboration with others and through a process of continuous improvement, we aim to achieve fairness in the workplace for all the people with whom we work.

We will drive fairness in the workplace by advancing human rights across our operations and in our extended supply chain.

Why fairness in the workplace matters to us We want to deliver positive social impact as well as business growth it is fundamental to our purpose as a business.

Fairness in the workplace is a vital element of maintaining people's trust in our business and is directly linked to our licence to operate, and to the reputation of Unilever and our brands.

It contributes to business continuity, helps us attract and retain the best talent, increases productivity, and builds long term value to shareholders.

We’ve set a number of targets to advance human rights and to enhance the health and safety of our employees.

In our operations by upholding our values and standards.

In our relationships with our suppliers and other business partners.

By working through external initiatives, such as the UN Global Compact, the Consumer.

Goods Forum and the Institute of Human Rights and Business to name a few.

We focus on our salient’ human rights issues that is, those that are at risk of the most severe negative impacts through our activities or business relationships.

This approach is in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, which we endorsed in 2011.

We use the Guiding Principles to underpin our own high standards of corporate behaviour: they help us to identify and tackle systemic causes of abuse, and to work collaboratively and openly with others.

We continue to align our policies with the Guiding Principles for example, by strengthening our Code of Business Principles and our internal Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code Policy.

Our policies and codes drive our internal and external compliance requirements along our whole value chain.

Our Framework for Fair Compensation sets out the principles which we require all our businesses to comply with by 2020 and includes the ambition that all employees should have guaranteed fixed earnings to be above a living wage by 2018.

Our approach to health safety Improving our employees’ health, safety and well being is integral to fairness in the workplace.

We instill safety in the behaviour of our people and the design of our sites and products, guided by a vision of Zero: Zero fatalities Zero injuries Zero motor vehicle incidents Zero process incidents and Zero tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices.

This sits alongside our aim to promote, maintain and enhance the health of our employees to maximise their fitness to work safely and effectively.

We seek to make a positive impact on their health and well being to bring benefits for individuals and our business through our health promotion and protection programmes.

Our strategy for medical and occupational health focuses on promoting emotional, physical, mental and purposeful well being for our employees and preventing occupational ill health.

Our commitment By 2020, we will drive fairness in the workplace by further building human rights across our operations and advancing human rights in our extended supply chain, developing a continuous improvement roadmap and promoting best practice.

We will create a framework for fair compensation, and help employees take action to improve their health (physical and mental), nutrition and well being.

We will reduce workplace injuries and accidents in our factories and offices.

Progress to date In our inaugural Human Rights Report (PDF 5MB) in 2015, we explained how, and why, we identified our eight most salient human rights issues.

With these in mind, we prioritised the need to address human rights impacts across our own and extended supply chain, with a focus on commodities and specific countries.

We describe our progress in our second Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB), published in December 2017.

Our Supply Chain’s Integrated Social Sustainability team (established in 2016) drives our human rights strategy and advocacy.

Through a series of implementation activities in 2017 , we continued to embed human rights with a focus on our eight salient human rights issues as documented in our 2015 and 2017 Human Rights Reports.

We also updated our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) (PDF 9MB) , which sets out our commitment to do business with suppliers who are working to ensure transparency, remedy shortcomings and drive continuous improvement in the area of responsible sourcing.

In tandem, we updated and aligned our Responsible Business Partner Policy with the RSP.

We also published our first Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, and our second was published in spring 2018.

In April 2017, we created new guidance for mergers, acquisitions or joint ventures (the guidance provides a structure to help us integrated consideration for human rights into the following stages of the process: pre transaction, during due diligence, contract negotiation and post acquisition joint venture governance).

We continued to make progress through our Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF 449KB), which outlines how the various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation.

We increased our ambition on one particular element of the Framework the principle of a living wage by advancing our target from 2020 to 2018.

We are using the Fair Wage Network to refine our understanding of living wages,and compare our lowest level employees' compensation against relevant living wage thresholds.

Our Lamplighter employee health programme, Thrive well being workshops and our newly developed Purpose workshops as well as our Vision Zero safety strategy meant that we continued to improve the health and safety of our workforce.

Around 75,000 employees across 74 countries enrolled in Lamplighter and our accident rate improved to 0.89 accidents per million hours worked (measured as Total Recordable Frequency Rate).

Future challenges Human rights, and our work to embed and promote respect for them, cannot be separated from the changing economic and political conditions in the markets where we operate.

Rapidly changing political climates all over the world continue to generate new human rights issues or accentuate existing ones.

We are looking at the potential impact on human rights of developments in technology sometimes called the Fourth Industrial Revolution.

The use of technology and in particular digital can bring further transparency and agility to identify the issues that workers are facing, so that we can focus on remediation, prevention and best practices.

But we need to ensure that technological development doesn’t undermine the rights of workers.

At the same time, we need to carry on addressing the issues that are most salient to rights holders, such as harassment and modern slavery.

Addressing salient human rights issues in our value chain helps us build a more resilient business.

We’ll continue to make both the moral and the business case for this, while strengthening our internal capability, and the capability of our suppliers and other business partners to own and self manage issues.

We welcome and promote increasing requirements for transparency to create positive fundamental change.

The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC.

See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities.

As part of the Fairness in the Workplace pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set ambitious targets on advancing human rights, fair compensation, improving employee health, nutrition and well being, and reducing workplace injuries and accidents.

By 2020, we will drive fairness in the workplace by further building human rights across our operations and advancing human rights in our extended supply chain, developing a continuous improvement roadmap and promoting best practice.

We will create a framework for fair compensation, and help employees take action to improve their health (physical and mental), nutrition and well being.

We will reduce workplace injuries and accidents in our factories and offices.

Through a series of implementation activities in 2017 , we continued to embed human rights with a focus on our eight salient human rights issues which are documented in our 2015 and 2017 Human Rights Reports.

To support this, we integrated our Human Rights function into our Supply Chain organisation.

We continued to make progress through our Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF 449KB), which outlines how the various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation.

We brought forward the living wage element of the Framework with the ambition that all our 161,000 employees should have sufficient guaranteed fixed earnings to be above a living wage by 2018 rather than 2020.

We continued to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy, focusing on training programmes on safety leadership and process safety.

We continued to embed human rights with a focus on our eight salient issues (ie those at risk of the most severe negative impact through Unilever’s activities or business relationships) as described in our Human Rights Reports in 2015 and 2017.

We continue to focus on the eradication of forced labour in global supply chains by supplier audits, awareness raising and training events, and have made progress on the removal of worker recruitment fees through the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment and the Consumer Goods Forum.

We joined the Ethical Tea Partnership to drive improvements for tea workers and farmers and created Unilever Land Rights Principles and Implementation Guidance.

For suppliers, we continued to roll out the Responsible Sourcing Policy to a rapidly increasing number of suppliers, while continuously reviewing and improving the operation of our programme since its introduction in 2014.

We are using the learnings to accelerate the inclusion of all our suppliers while improving the remediation of issues identified.

For our workforce, as well as rolling out our global Framework for Fair Compensation, we continued our Lamplighter employee health programme and our Thrive workshops designed to improve well being.

We also continued to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy (ie zero: fatalities injuries motor vehicle incidents process incidents tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices) and our safety performance improved compared to 2016.

The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC.

See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities.

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We will implement the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights throughout our operations and report on progress publicly.

Through a series of implementation activities in 2017 , we continued to embed human rights, focusing on our eight salient human rights issues as documented in our 2015 and 2017 Human Rights Reports.

In publishing our Human Rights Progress Report 2017 we showed the progress made against our salient human rights issues since 2015, how we are tackling emerging issues and provided an update on how we see our approach developing in the future.

Re positioning our Integrated Social Sustainability Team to cover strategic regions improved the implementation of our human rights strategy.

A key focus of 2017 was our work to eradicate forced labour in global supply chains, including our internal webinar series, awareness raising articles, events and efforts to eliminate worker employment fees.

To continue to address land rights, we developed Unilever Land Rights Principles and Implementation Guidance, which we are rolling out for our own operations in 2018.

An additional focus has been human rights considerations in mergers and acquisitions and joint ventures with the creation of internal guidance in April 2017.

The description of the implementation activities has been independently assured by PwC.

See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities.

We will source 100% of our procurement spend through suppliers who commit to promote fundamental human rights as specified in our Responsible Sourcing Policy.

In 2017 we purchased over 34 billion of goods and services.

The suppliers of these goods and services are central to driving efficiencies to enhance profitability and to helping us implement the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

In 2017 we initiated a review of our learnings from operating the Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) since its introduction in 2014 with the aim of improving our approach and increasing the number of suppliers committing to and then meeting its requirements.

Our review resulted in improved verification and remediation requirements and better anti bribery and corruption compliance processes, as well as a more effective way of assessing compliance with the Policy.

Using this revised compliance assessment, 55% of our procurement spend was through suppliers meeting the RSP’s mandatory requirements in 2017.

We will create a framework for fair compensation, starting with an analysis in 180 countries by 2015.

We will work with external organisations, including our social partners, referring to approaches such as living wage methodologies.

Through a series of activities , in 2015 we created a Framework for Fair Compensation which we rolled out in 2016.

We use the Fair Wage Network to provide a global database of relevant living wage benchmark data for each country in which we have operations.

This enables us to compare non management employees’ lowest fixed earnings levels against relevant living wage benchmarks.

Our Framework for Fair Compensation provides a structured way for Unilever to outline how the various elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation to our employees.

We want all our businesses worldwide to comply with the principles of our Framework, including no discrimination in pay, by 2020.

In 2017 we brought forward the living wage element of the Framework with the ambition that all our 161,000 employees should have sufficient guaranteed fixed earnings to be above a living wage by 2018 rather than 2020.

We use the Fair Wage Network to provide a global database of relevant living wage benchmark data for each country in which we have employees.

This gives us an ongoing system and methodology to monitor our employees’ rewards against relevant living wage benchmarks, and supports compliance with the Framework by our businesses around the world.

In the UK, we published our first Gender Pay Gap report.

The description of activities has been independently assured by PwC.

See Unilever’s Basis of Preparation for the description of activities.

Our Lamplighter employee programme aims to improve the nutrition, fitness and mental resilience of employees.

By 2010 it had already been implemented in 30 countries, reaching 35,000 people.

In 2011 we aimed to extend the reach of Lamplighter to a further eight countries.

We will implement Lamplighter in an additional 30 countries between 2012 and 2015.

Our longer term goal is to extend it to all the countries where we operate with over 100 people.

We will implement a mental well being framework globally.

Our Lamplighter programme reached 91,000 employees across 70 countries by 2014, achieving our target a year early.

In 2015 we completed the two year roll out of our new module for mental well being and established a global steering committee to monitor progress.

Our Lamplighter employee health programme is key to addressing the top three health risks across our business: mental well being lifestyle factors (eg exercise, nutrition, smoking, obesity) and ergonomic factors (eg repetitive strain injury).

Lamplighter helps to safeguard employees’ health, improve productivity and reduce costs.

It reached 91,000 employees across 70 countries in 2014, fulfilling our target to reach 68 countries a year early.

In 2017, there were nearly 75,000 employees in 74 countries enrolled on the programme (this number fluctuates from year to year as we do not cover every employee on a yearly basis).

In 2015, we rolled out Unilever’s mental well being module.

This helps people manage pressure, offering practical advice on how to focus and practise mindfulness techniques, to feel more empowered and to work in an agile manner.

Over 2015 2017, around 50,000 employees completed one of our Thrive workshops to help them put well being into practice.

By 2020 we will reduce the Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) for accidents in our factories and offices by 50% versus 2008.

Our Total Recordable Frequency Rate (TRFR) improved to 0.89 accidents per 1 million hours worked (measured October 2016 September 2017), down from 1.01 in 2016.

This was driven by the continuous focus on safety in high risk areas.

We will consider our target fully achieved once we reach 2020 until then, our challenge is to keep our performance on track.

We continue to reinforce our Vision Zero strategy, ie zero: fatalities injuries motor vehicle incidents process incidents tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices.

In manufacturing, we focused on process safety through standards and enhanced individual qualifications as well as through our partner programme, Safety to Win.

As a result of these initiatives, we achieved a 46% reduction in process safety incidents versus prior years.

On our construction sites, we focused on a global Work at Heights training programme, while for travel we continued to promote safe driving.

Advancing human rights in our own operations We have a responsibility to respect human rights.

And we know that by advancing human rights in our operations, we’re strengthening our business and building trust.

When I think about Unilever’s potential to advance respect for human rights, I naturally think about our responsibility but I am also inspired and humbled by our opportunity.

Respect for human rights is at the core of our business Our Human Rights Policy Statement (PDF 609KB) ( Images unilever human rights policy statement_tcm244 422954_en.pdf) describes our commitment to respect universal principles, our due diligence processes and our governance.

We’re using the framework provided by the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to monitor, influence and improve the business practices of our own operations, as well as those of our suppliers and business partners.

We published our first Human Rights Report (PDF 5MB) ( Images unilever human rights report 2015_tcm244 437226_en.pdf) in June 2015, fulfilling our commitment to report publicly on our implementation of the UN Guiding Principles.

On page 16, we describe how we identified, and report against, our eight most salient human rights issues the human rights that are at risk of the most severe negative impacts through our activities or business relationships.

Respect for human rights is core to our business, and examples of this can be found throughout our Sustainable Living Report.

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan address specific aspects related to diversity, inclusion, non discrimination and other human rights issues.

We also support the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) remains the cornerstone of modern human rights law.

It calls upon every individual and every organ of society to promote respect for human rights.

Winfridah Moraa Myakwara is by training a human rights lawyer.

She joined Unilever Tea Kenya in 2013 to translate human rights into practical benefits for our employees and the surrounding community.

In 2017 she became our Integrated Social Sustainability Manager for Africa.

From my work I found two essential reasons to embed human rights in our operations.

First, it is the human’ thing to do, the right and smart thing to do.

And secondly, to drive productivity and profitability with people at the core of business.

The journey to embed human rights is a longstanding one that is nowhere near complete.

It is a journey of integrating social good into the core business strategies.

It is a journey of changing one mind, one heart at a time.

We’re committed to ensuring that all our employees work in an environment that promotes human rights by supporting diversity, trust and equal opportunities, and is free from discrimination or victimisation.

This is one of the foundations of our business culture.

It enables our employees to work at their best, wherever they are in the world.

Treatment Code Policy sets out what we and our employees must do to uphold this culture.

In 2016 we updated the Policy specifically to prohibit discrimination on the grounds of gender identity.

We expect and encourage employees to bring to our attention any breach of our Code.

In this role she took on responsibility for all areas of supply chain social sustainability, including strategy and advocacy and social accountability for our own operations, suppliers and third parties.

Despite all the progress made in recent years, there are many challenges and threats to human rights, some longstanding, some newly emerging.

I believe that if we are to succeed in advancing human rights worldwide, we must all share a responsibility to move from commitments to impactful everyday actions.

And we must challenge ourselves to prevent abusive conditions from happening.

What does that mean to our business It means that we must be a company prepared to rethink its business and work with others to embed human rights in all we do until respect for human rights becomes a universal reality.

The way our Integrated Social Sustainability team works reflects the importance of looking at these issues holistically.

The team tackles our eight salient human rights issues, taking action on three fronts.

In Social Accountability we focus on working with our suppliers to create truly socially, environmentally and economically sustainable supply chains.

Human Rights Stewardship looks at endemic strategic emerging human rights issues: helping the business address issues we know are endemic in global supply chains.

Our Social Impact work operationalises human rights efforts on the ground.

By bringing these elements together, we’re moving closer to the vision for our business we all want to see: a company in which respect for human rights is embedded in everything we do, creating a positive social impact for millions of people.

We support our commitment with an active process of compliance, monitoring and reporting.

The Board of Unilever has overall responsibility for ensuring this is carried out.

Day to day responsibility lies with senior management around the world.

Checks are also made by our Corporate Audit function and by our external auditors.

Integrity Officers who are part of our Legal function.

Providing access to remedy’ We’re developing a single integrated Code and grievance channel to ensure that our employees can raise issues and concerns as simply as possible.

Our Code procedure is for raising concerns about the Code or related policies.

We are also creating better systems to analyse the grievances and Code breaches we receive.

Our Chief Business Integrity Officer leads this work.

How can people raise concerns make reports Transparency is essential.

We believe grievance mechanisms play a critical role in opening channels for dialogue, problem solving, investigation and, when required, providing remedy.

They enable workers and other rights holders to raise complaints freely and obtain effective and transparent resolutions.

They can also help identify country specific solutions and pre emptive action.

We encourage individuals and communities to raise any concerns with us directly.

On occasions where they feel they aren't able to do this, we would never seek to impede access to state based judicial or non judicial mechanisms for those who feel human rights have been impacted, and would aim to co operate as required with competent authorities in investigating or adjudicating alleged human rights impacts.

Anny Tubbs is our Chief Business Integrity Officer.

We encourage all our employees and third parties to speak up, without fear of retaliation and in strict confidence (or anonymously if they prefer), regarding any concerns about Code issues.

Encouraging people to speak up early helps us manage risk and builds trust in our business.

Code Support Line (https: app.convercent.com en us LandingPage 99b958aa 55a1 e611 80d3 000d3ab1117e) (a whistle blowing’ line) on the phone or internet.

All the Business Integrity awareness and learning materials we’ve created highlight these channels.

I took on this role in 2015 and it’s increasingly clear to me that capacity building is key.

We need to continuously promote the Code around the business in ways that show its relevance and normalise the fact of speaking up.

Our teams work hard to ensure the Code remains an everyday part of working here.

We run a wide range of training on compliance and integrity, and all our employees are trained on respect for human rights every three years.

This training is supported by our new internal Integrated Social Sustainability online hub which contains our key policy publications, reports, and best practice guidance documents.

We celebrated our first Unilever Human Rights Day with activities that included a film in which our senior leaders described why human rights mattered to them and to the business.

We helped people to understand the eight salient human rights issues included in our first Human Rights Report (PDF 5MB) ( Images unilever human rights report 2015_tcm244 437226_en.pdf).

We encouraged employees in around 60 offices and factories worldwide to support the UN Human Rights Office’s global campaign Stand up for someone’s rights today (http: www.standup4humanrights.org en ).

Working with others on human rights We believe we can better advance human rights by working with others on a local and global level.

Supporting leading collaborative action We have a clear responsibility to address human rights issues in our value chain and we’re taking action on them.

But we know that the lasting, systemic changes needed to make a positive difference in many areas will not be achieved by one company acting alone: they can only come about through collaborative action at scale.

By drawing on the research, access, expertise and scale of our stakeholders and partners we can learn more, make better decisions and create more of a difference.

Rights: aims to better understand the potential impact of the fourth industrial revolution on human rights.

AIM PROGRESS: promotes responsible sourcing practices and sustainable supply chains for fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) manufacturers with common suppliers.

Supporting human rights defenders A wide range of individuals and organisations are engaged in the global effort to advance human rights.

We recognise that there is increasing pressure and insecurity for human rights defenders, including trade unionists.

We do not tolerate threats, intimidation, physical or legal attacks against human rights defenders in relation to our operations.

Collaborating to address forced labour human trafficking Collaborative action is essential to eradicating forced labour from global value chains, including ours.

By working together, industry groups can identify and address issues and geographies of shared concern.

In my role Human Rights Stewardship I focus on endemic human rights issues such as forced labour, land rights and poor working conditions.

I know that these are most effectively addressed by working with and learning from others, including other businesses, industry organisations, governments, civil society and trade unions.

That’s why it’s crucial we take an active part in collaborations to drive action, share best practice and report on progress.

I have seen how most progress can be made when everyone comes together with a shared vision and determination to make positive change.

The size of our value chain means that we have much to do.

I am both humbled and driven by the continuing challenge.

We support this work through internal and external training including and through workshops with our suppliers that include a focus on forced labour.

We continue to work with our suppliers to identify and address existing and emerging issues through impact assessments, capacity building and stronger engagement with workers.

Making sure 'the employer pays' We work on the eradication of forced labour through a number of other partnerships too.

Group for Responsible Recruitment (https: www.ihrb.org employerpays leadership group for responsible recruitment), which is facilitated by the Institute for Human Rights and Business.

Responsible Recruitment, we’ve created an enhanced vetting process for our employment agencies.

We’re also rolling out a new policy on the sustainable employment of temporary workers.

Forced labour is prevalent in all regions of the world.

Issues such as the responsible recruitment and management of migrant labour are not easy to address and resolve.

That’s why we believe so strongly in an approach of partnership where we can work together and advance best preventative practices to create positive change.

In March 2017, we co sponsored a Responsible Sourcing Supplier Event in Dubai with peer companies, organised by AIM PROGRESS. It gave me the opportunity to emphasise the critical role suppliers play and the event included workshops focusing on migrant workers, recruitment and passport retention.

It’s a good way to share learning on how we can all take action to combat abusive practices.

Supporting the UN Global Compact We are a founding signatory to the UN Global Compact (UNGC).

We pledged to uphold its commitments in relation to human rights, labour, the environment and anti corruption.

We’re also members of UNGC’s Human Rights Working Group.

We are implementing these principles across our business, as well as taking steps to increase women’s rights and economic inclusion in our supply chain.

Read more about how we’re increasing Opportunities for women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women ).

For more information on the UN Global Compact, including our annual Communication on Progress, see our UNGC index ( sustainable living our approach to reporting ungc index ) page.

Engaging on labour rights Labour rights, including the right to freedom of association, are an integral part of human rights.

Freedom of association is one of our eight salient human rights issues.

Respect employees’ rights to join or not to join a legally recognised trade union, or any other body representing their collective interests, and establish constructive dialogue and bargain in good faith with trade unions or representative bodies on employment conditions, labour management relations and matters of mutual concern, to the extent practicable taking national laws into consideration.

We consider dialogue with trade unions to be very important and we continue to engage with them and learn from best practices.

We have formal and informal consultations with unions.

Formal consultations are in addition to the day to day interactions our leadership teams have with union representatives in the factories, and regional and global consultations we have with trade union executives.

Our formal consultations We run a biannual consultation forum with the IUF and IndustriALL.

This provides a face to face engagement between our senior industrial relations leaders and IUF leadership.

Via its affiliates, the IUF represents over 10 million workers, including thousands of our employees.

These discussions allow us to communicate directly with our trade union partners and set the tone for how we expect local management teams to interact with local trade unions.

Worker representatives discuss local and global rights issues which then can be addressed by our senior team.

These discussions also give us a platform to communicate our own business context, and new policies and programmes that impact workers.

We discuss rights issues in our own operations, in joint ventures, and involving our suppliers.

We also focus on our key commodities such as palm oil and tea, and particularly on working conditions for women in those sectors.

This enables us to identify any emerging issues at an early stage and work together on human rights concerns.

Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) (https: www.unilever.com Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

Today, around 75% of our blue collar workers (based at factory sites) are covered by an independent trade union or collective bargaining agreement.

We have to date focused on collecting data from factory sites but have plans to include all sites.

Global Union as the internationally representative bodies of unionised workers within our worldwide operations.

Our approach to freedom of association is carried through to our suppliers via our Responsible Sourcing Policy.

One of its Fundamental Principles (8) is that all workers are free to exercise their right to form and or join a trade union of their choice.

Advancing human rights with suppliers business partners From the fields and factories from which we source our raw materials to the many businesses that provide services to us or contribute to our distribution network, our value chain is long and complex.

By connecting us with millions of people, it gives us one of our most important opportunities to advance human rights and address risks and helps us build the trust that is vital to our business success.

A supply distribution network with purpose Our business success is intertwined with the integrity, strength and sustainability of the many thousands of business partners in our value chain.

We believe that by working with and supporting our suppliers, distributors and other business partners and their workers, we can create a socially and environmentally sustainable value chain.

Our spend on goods and services in 2017 and to contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals.

It also provides a lasting foundation for our growth.

The RSP applies to our suppliers, while the RBPP applies to the business partners who deliver our products to consumers.

Introduced in 2014 and updated in 2017, our RSP sets mandatory requirements on human and labour rights for suppliers who have a business relationship with Unilever.

It sets out our 12 Fundamental Principles and defines the mandatory requirements that suppliers must achieve to do business with us.

We expect suppliers to work with us and to make progress over time from the mandatory requirements towards good and best practices.

We review and update our guidance regularly, working with suppliers and external experts to share examples of best practice to ensure the guidance continues to set a benchmark that the industry can aspire to.

We’re committed to applying our RSP across our entire supply chain.

Responsible Sourcing Policy shapes how we operate.

We expect the highest standards of behaviour from ourselves and this extends to all our suppliers, their workers and those with whom we do business.

Policy to create fundamental, positive change at scale.

We introduced our Responsible Business Partner Policy in 2015.

It applies to our many business partners in the networks that deliver our products to consumers.

The two now set out common values and principles at the mandatory requirements level, and use similar self assessment questionnaires and risk evaluation methodologies.

The RBPP shares the same principles as the RSP, grouped as: conducting business lawfully and with integrity respecting terms of employment and human rights, and a commitment to sustainability (which includes the need to respect the land rights of communities).

Sourcing Policy and a Responsible Business Partner Policy.

From sourcing raw materials into our factories to the way consumers access and use our products, Unilever’s global reach gives us a unique opportunity to lead the way in championing ethical business practices.

We want business integrity to be business as usual across our entire operational footprint.

Breaches of human rights ruin lives and livelihoods.

The cost of corruption is a powerful obstacle to sustainable economic growth.

Doing business with integrity is a non negotiable for Unilever: we are committed to working with others who share our values and seek to operate to the same standards as we do.

Collective action is key to successfully upholding human rights and fighting corruption in all its forms.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy a source of growth trust We've set high ambitions for our RSP.

We’re convinced of the moral and business case for working only with suppliers who commit to transparency, providing remedy of shortcoming and driving continuous improvement.

We want our supply chain to be a trusted foundation for our growth, and a force for good on human rights this requires a continuous review and adaptation of our approach to achieve the most impact.

And as we extend its reach we're also focusing on impact.

When we introduced our RSP in 2014, replacing a previous Supplier Code, we focused on our production item suppliers (suppliers of the raw materials that go into the products we make) and a select number of other strategic suppliers.

But we knew that the remainder of our spend represented roughly 90% of the total number of our suppliers, spread across thousands of small service providers.

So in 2017 we extended the RSP programme significantly, bringing into scope all our production item suppliers and all our indirect procurement suppliers (suppliers of services such as marketing, workplace or professional services).

At the same time, we simplified our processes for registration, including our self assessment questionnaire.

We refined our approach to risk evaluation, and increased due diligence by providing new guidelines for our teams on how to mitigate and escalate any instances of bribery and corruption.

Finally, we strengthened how we calculate and report compliance.

RSP through signing an RSP Pledge an important first step.

This brought the total number of suppliers in our programme to over 33,000.

Throughout this process, we worked to fully on board these suppliers and improve our due diligence so we could evaluate their compliance with the RSP, prioritising suppliers through risk evaluation.

In 2018 over 20,000 suppliers completed the next step in the process to become fully registered in our system.

This now includes all suppliers evaluated as representing higher risks.

In 2019 we aim to complete the registration of suppliers representing medium and low risk, covering all the suppliers in our supply chain.

RSP by launching a programme where we will only source from suppliers that are compliant with the RSP’s mandatory requirements.

Collaborating to improve human rights We recognise that addressing endemic issues often depends on working closely with suppliers and others in our industry.

While we will not compromise on the principles of our RSP, we collaborate with others in the industry and listen to our suppliers’ experience of working with us, so we and our suppliers can have the biggest impact.

Responsible Sourcing Audit (URSA), as a means of evaluating compliance.

Since 2017, we've built on two ways to make advancing human rights in our supply chain more impactful and efficient, for us and our partners: through the concept of mutual recognition and the use of trusted monitoring systems.

We only do this after an evaluation to check that their programme aligns with the RSP and appropriately addresses risks.

We also check that the supplier has an effective remediation process.

This arrangement can only apply to a relatively small number of large, trusted suppliers.

But it brings huge advantages, because it allows them to focus on improvements, eliminating duplicate audits, and allows us to focus our resources and efforts on other parts of our supply chain that are potentially higher risk.

Using trusted monitoring systems We also work with external monitoring systems where we are confident they meet our goals and standards.

This allows suppliers to demonstrate compliance to multiple customers using the same system.

It helps limit unnecessary duplication and audit fatigue, while freeing resources and cost to make improvements when needed.

This update incorporated critical elements of our RSP and our URSA audit protocol.

We now accept SMETA audits as a means of verifying compliance to the RSP, as long as the audit is performed by one of the eight audit companies that we recognise.

In 2018, we introduced the use of the EcoVadis (https: www.ecovadis.com ) assessment to evaluate indirect procurement suppliers.

EcoVadis is an online rating and scorecard platform that evaluates suppliers across 21 criteria covering environment, fair labour and human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement.

The desktop EcoVadis assessment suits small and medium indirect procurement companies which are often office based.

EcoVadis is a tool used by other industry peer companies for indirect procurement suppliers.

Using a common tool allows us to align our approaches and increase the impact with industry peer companies, while reducing costs and audit fatigue for our suppliers.

Our RSP’s Audit Requirements (PDF 249KB) ( Images current unilever audit requirements_tcm244 520095_en.pdf) set out the details of what we accept.

It includes guidelines and tips designed to assist our suppliers to improve their practices relating to all the Policy’s Fundamental Principles.

This addresses the issues of compliance with laws, bribery, conflicts of interest, gifts and hospitality, confidential and competitor information and financial records.

It also addresses money laundering and insider trading, safeguarding information and property, product quality and responsible innovation, prohibition of any and all forms of facilitation of tax evasion, reporting concerns and non retaliation.

All workers, both permanent and casual, are provided with employment documents that are freely agreed and which respect their legal and contractual rights.

No worker is subject to any physical, sexual, psychological or verbal harassment, abuse or other form of intimidation.

Discrimination based on race, ethnicity, age, role, gender, gender identity, colour, religion, country of origin, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, dependants, disability, social class, union membership or political views is prevented.

In particular, attention is paid to the rights of workers most vulnerable to discrimination.

Under no circumstances will a supplier use forced labour, whether in the form of compulsory or trafficked labour, indentured labour, bonded labour or other forms.

Mental and physical coercion, slavery and human trafficking are prohibited.

Under no circumstances will a supplier employ individuals under the age of 15 or under the local legal minimum age for work or mandatory schooling, whichever is higher.

When young workers are employed they must not do work that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous or harmful or interferes with their schooling by depriving them of the opportunity to attend school.

All workers are provided with a total compensation package that includes wages, overtime pay, benefits and paid leave which meets or exceeds the legal minimum standards or appropriate prevailing industry standards, whichever is higher, and compensation terms established by legally binding collective bargaining agreements are implemented and adhered to.

Workers are not required to work more than the regular and overtime hours allowed by the law of the country where the workers are employed.

All overtime work by workers is on a voluntary basis.

The rights of workers to freedom of association and collective bargaining are recognised and respected.

Workers are not intimidated or harassed in the exercise of their right to join or refrain from joining any organisation.

A healthy and safe workplace is provided to prevent accidents and injury arising out of, linked with, or occurring in the course of work or as a result of the employer’s operations.

All workers are provided with transparent, fair and confidential procedures that result in swift, unbiased and fair resolution of difficulties which may arise as part of their working relationship.

The rights and title to property and land of the individual, indigenous people and local communities are respected.

All negotiations with regard to their property or land, including the use of and transfers of it, adhere to the principles of free, prior and informed consent, contract transparency and disclosure.

Operations, sourcing, manufacture, distribution of products and the supply of services are conducted with the aim of protecting and preserving the environment.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy in action The success of our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) depends on the ability of our suppliers to put its requirements into action in their operations.

We’re working closely with suppliers to help them.

And the journey does not end with complying with the mandatory requirements.

The RSP helps suppliers to seek improvements and progress to good and best practices.

We know that moving up the continuous improvement ladder takes individual effort and will also require systemic and industry change.

We’re working directly with suppliers to build skills and develop capabilities across important issues such as eliminating forced labour, avoiding child labour, wages, working hours, management systems, fire safety and the environment.

We also run joint projects on responsible sourcing innovation to help more of our suppliers move from the RSP’s mandatory requirements towards its good and best practice levels.

Underpinning our RSP is the process of due diligence and compliance assurance, which includes third party audits where our suppliers have been assessed as a potential high risk.

Service suppliers that we classify as high risk undergo a desktop auditing assessment, provided by an industry recognised third party organisation.

Raw material and finished goods suppliers undergo an on site audit.

RSP, the supplier must develop a corrective action plan to remediate the issue.

The third party auditor must assess the effectiveness of the supplier's remediation actions and confirm they are sufficient within a specific timeframe in order to close the non conformance.

A supplier must close all non conformances to be considered compliant and continue to supply us.

While audits are a core part of our process, we’ve learned that we and other companies need to keep refining our overall approach to drive change across the industry.

Our third party audit process plays a crucial role in driving up standards in our supply chain.

Human Rights 2018 Supplier Audit Update (PDF 4MB) ( Images unilever human rights 2018 supplier audit update_tcm244 529375_en.pdf).

The findings tell us that 44% of the non conformances found in 2017 related to health and safety issues.

Over 8,500 non conformances were identified from just under 1,000 sites.

When the audits find non conformances, the result is corrective action, of the kind that has potentially saved lives or prevented human rights abuses.

Simon Hindley, our Social Accountability Director, explains: People in my team are passionate about driving up standards for workers in our supply chain.

We know that third party audits of suppliers help identify hugely important issues such as dangerous working practices, risks of forced labour or discrimination against women.

And finding these non conformances triggers a process that leads to better conditions.

We know that there are even greater challenges on issues that are harder to identify and remediate through audit, such as forced labour.

And it’s important to remember that audit, while a vital part of the process, cannot transform our supply chain on its own.

But we believe our overall RSP work contributes directly to SDG 8, which is about promoting sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all.

Addressing equal pay, for example is part of SDG 8.5.

Working to eradicate forced labour is at the heart of SDG 8.7.

And protecting labour rights and promoting safe working environments contributes to SDG 8.8.

I think Unilever should be proud of this contribution.

At the same time, we’ve learnt that the biggest advances in supply chain standards come from collaborative efforts between us and suppliers, and with peer companies across industries.

This insight has helped shape our approach, and we’ll keep refining what we do in the knowledge that these efforts are making a difference to people’s lives every day they go to work.

We expect our suppliers and their employees or contractors to report actual or suspected breaches of our RSP.

We will investigate any reported non conformity reported in good faith and discuss findings with the supplier.

If remediation is needed, we will work with the supplier to identify the root causes of the issue and to develop a time bound corrective action plan to resolve the failure effectively and promptly.

Raising grievances in our extended supply chain Alongside worker representation, effective grievance mechanisms play an important part in hearing the voices of workers throughout our supply chain.

This Principle states that: All workers have access to fair procedures and remedies .

The mandatory requirement for suppliers in the RSP is that their workers have access to a confidential grievance mechanism which prohibits retaliation against the worker, ensures the matters are investigated and results in swift, unbiased and fair resolutions.

Over and above a supplier’s own grievance mechanisms, Unilever also provides a hotline that anyone can access to report on responsible sourcing issues.

We know neither we nor our suppliers can solve all the endemic challenges in our supply chain on our own.

We also understand the complex demands made on suppliers by their customers, including us.

Improving standards within the supply chain requires a common approach and focused, sector based initiatives involving many participants.

We’re founder members of AIM PROGRESS, a forum of consumer goods manufacturers and suppliers who enable and promote responsible sourcing practices and sustainable production systems.

Recruitment.pdf), facilitated by the Institute for Human Rights and Business.

This promotes ethical recruitment and helps combat the exploitation of migrant workers in global supply chains.

It includes the commitment to the employer pays’ principle, meaning that no worker should pay for a job.

The SSCI sets a standard for the content and governance of the responsible sourcing audit standards, in order to increase confidence in using mutually recognised standards.

Development, the United Nations Global Compact and the World Economic Forum to improve environmental and social sustainability, including human rights, in supply chains.

See also Working with others on human rights ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights in our own operations working with others on human rights ).

Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

Understanding our human rights impacts To make sure we’re respecting and advancing the human rights of everyone in our value chain, we need to be sure we understand our impacts.

Addressing endemic human rights issues their root causes We know that human rights abuses exist in the sectors and markets in which we operate and at times, in our own value chain.

We’re committed to respecting human rights, which means we need to understand the issues and where they occur.

In our inaugural Human Rights Report (PDF 5MB) ( Images unilever human rights report 2015_tcm244 437226_en.pdf) in 2015, we explained how, and why, we identified our eight most salient human rights issues those human rights at risk of the most severe negative impacts to right holders through our activities or business relationships.

Identifying our salient issues has helped us prioritise how we address human rights impacts across our operations and extended supply chain.

We reported our progress in our second Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf), published in December 2017.

As well as addressing the salient issues we've identified, we know we need to keep working to make sure they are still relevant.

We recognise that rights holder engagement is an on going process, and we want to increase our direct engagement with stakeholders in addition to engaging with credible representatives.

In 2018, we started a review of our salient human rights issues, carrying out internal and external consultations with rights holders and their representatives.

In 2018, we held an initial consultation in London which we are following up with regional consultations.

Our first regional consultation was held in Kenya with a wider Africa focus.

Our progress in 2018 What difference have we made in 2018 and why does it matter In this video, leaders in our business describe 2018 as a year of collaboration and driving impact at scale and describe highlights of our progress and the challenges we continue to face.

In addition, a series of videos from our leaders cover each of our eight salient human rights issues.

Fair compensation ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace fair compensation ).

Promoting safety for women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women promoting safety for women ).

Discrimination against Lesbian, Gay, Bi, Trans Intersex people, which sets out actions companies can take to protect the rights of LGBTI individuals.

Action on fair wages: highlights in 2018 Fair wages are the bedrock of a truly responsible and sustainable business.

Framework for Fair Compensation for all our direct employees which included our commitment to be a living wage employer.

Our approach and progress are described in Fair compensation ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace fair compensation ).

Fair wages across our total employee population, we reduced the number of employees being paid less than a living wage to 611 people in 16 countries.

This is down from 7,252 across 37 countries in 2017.

We’re working with our HR teams to ensure that all our businesses comply with all five principles of our Framework by 2020 we worked with our tea suppliers in Malawi, helping them to improve quality and become more competitive, with the aim of ensuring that higher prices result in higher wages via an externally auditable and measurable mechanism.

Temporary workers, for example, can be subject to differing labour conditions and compensation, particularly if recruited through labour agencies.

A key element of our work is our commitment to the Employer Pays Principle that no worker should pay for a job.

Advisory Group, Business Against Slavery Working Group and others.

This means that we help support change at scale across countries and industries, rather than just our own extended supply chain.

We identified forced labour and human trafficking as a salient issue for our business in 2014.

N.V. and their group companies, with reporting companies proceeding with their own board approvals according to the Act.

We share our progress in yearly update statements.

Collaboration is an essential part of eradicating forced labour from supply chains.

When it comes to eradicating forced labour, there’s no time to waste.

All over the world, victims of forced labour are coerced or deceived into jobs which they cannot leave.

Forced labour can take many forms, but each time someone is working or providing a service against their freedom of choice and cannot leave without penalty or the threat of penalty, it’s forced labour.

We've strengthened our efforts to eradicate forced labour through a number of activities, in our own business and through collaboration with others.

Modern Slavery Statement (PDF 2MB) ( Images unilever slavery and human trafficking statement 2018_tcm244 521391_en.pdf) explains the steps we’ve taken to prevent, detect and respond to slavery, human trafficking and forced labour throughout our business and extended supply chain.

We’ve defined a roadmap to strengthen our efforts and we’re supporting it through training programmes to build capacity.

Sourcing Policy that work is conducted on a voluntary basis.

At the same time, we realise that it will take a collaborative approach to eradicate forced labour from global supply chains.

Forum (CGF), which is helping to drive work in this area, including advocacy and capacity building.

Industry Principles (https: www.theconsumergoodsforum.com initiatives social sustainability key projects priority industry principles ).

These were produced to help prioritise action on the primary drivers of forced labour within the consumer goods industry and beyond.

We’re also working with our suppliers: over 2016 2017, around 1,000 suppliers were trained in Turkey, Dubai, India, Bangkok and Malaysia on eradicating forced labour and responsible management of migrant labour, including those in our extended supply chain.

For more details, see Working with others on human rights ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights in our own operations working with others on human rights ).

IndustriALL Global Union as the internationally representative bodies of unionised workers within our worldwide operations.

The MOU underlines our commitment to ensure that throughout our worldwide operations workers can freely exercise their internationally recognised rights and in particular their rights to union membership and collective bargaining without fear of retaliation, repression or any other form of discrimination.

We also recognise our obligation to act to ensure that these rights are similarly respected in our extended supply chain created a new Guidance Document to accompany our Responsible Sourcing Policy specifically designed to address working conditions in the trucking industry.

Our business relies on logistics operators to keep our supply of raw materials moving and to provide vital links between our factories and our customers.

But we know that by its nature, the trucking industry can be a challenging sector in which to implement responsible sourcing policies.

That's why we've worked with the Transport Workers Federation (ITF) to address poor working conditions in transportation.

Document, aimed specifically at transporters was piloted in 2018.

Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct as its Framework.

We also introduced a new pre tender questionnaire for trucking suppliers so that we could gain better insights into conditions.

Beginning in Europe, we're piloting the new approach while engaging with others, including industry colleagues.

We aim to learn from the pilot before rolling out the approach to improve conditions within the trucking sector more widely.

Promoting safety for women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women promoting safety for women ).

In 2019 we are publishing detailed implementation guidance and launching the Framework in our operations and with our suppliers.

Women trained in entrepreneurship skills on tea plantations in Kenya carried out a progress review with UN Women of our safety programme in our tea plantations in Tanzania.

The objective of the review was to identify opportunities for strengthening the safety programme and extending it to the smallholder farmers and the community in which the business operates.

The programme targets 6,000 plantation workers and their children and 1,000 women smallholder farmers with training on how to address and report all forms of violence, including gender based violence and sexual harassment trained 2,282 women in Kenya on financial opportunities establishing small businesses such as sorghum planting or bakeries helps to reduce the risk factor of financial dependence associated with gender based violence.

Zero tolerance of any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment, is embedded in the policies that govern our operations and value chains.

Fair Treatment Code Policy, our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 9MB) and our Responsible Business Partner Policy (PDF 3MB).

Action on health safety: highlights in 2018 Safety is a non negotiable commitment, shared by everyone at Unilever.

Our approach and performance are described in detail in Building a safer business ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace building a safer business ).

Action on respect for land rights: highlights in 2018 Land is the basis of millions of people’s livelihoods.

Legal or customary rights to land protect those livelihoods and provide a platform on which many forms of sustainable development can be built.

That makes it vital that we are aware of the impact that our business can have.

Principles and Implementation Guidance, starting in our own operations, and held awareness raising and capacity building webinars to support their use.

This project will transform one of the poorest areas of Rwanda by creating around 1,000 jobs and providing financial and agricultural support to smallholder farmers, who will provide 70% of the tea produced.

The land for the core estate and factory site is leased by Unilever and was expropriated by the Government for the project.

Impacts and Performance Standard 5: Land Acquisition and Involuntary Resettlement.

We worked closely with the Government during their expropriation process.

We used external experts to independently verify that the Resettlement Action Plan (including the Livelihoods Restoration Plan and Grievance Mechanism) properly ensured that potentially affected persons and communities were identified and engaged.

This included a risk mapping plan and a socio economic survey focusing on vulnerable groups to ensure that no one in local communities is left worse off by the project.

New model villages with infrastructure were constructed by the Government, together with livelihood support programmes.

Unilever gives priority for employment to people affected by the project.

Due diligence around this work is ongoing and we’ve put in place a local Unilever Welfare Manager to work with communities and local authorities.

Land rights are a salient issue for all aspects of our business, including operational considerations such as the siting of factories or offices.

But it is our extended supply chain that gives rise to the most opportunity to have a positive impact in this area, as well as the most risk.

Fundamental Principles of our Responsible Sourcing Policy and one of the commitments in our Responsible Business Partner Policy.

In 2017, we created Land Rights Principles and Implementation Guidance.

Working hours: highlights in 2018 Excessive working hours and inadequate periods of rest can damage workers' health and increase the risk of accidents.

In many parts of the world, there is a significant link between low wages and excessive working time.

Improving employee health ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being our employee health programme ), nutrition and well being ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being ).

And we know that working hours continues to be one of the most challenging areas of our Responsible Sourcing Policy for our suppliers to address.

In 2018, we: continued to work with suppliers to address both excessive working hours and their root causes, for example low pay helped suppliers improve production processes, including through planning, employing additional workers, and changing shift patterns including new rotation systems.

Our Integrated Social Sustainability Team is responsible for setting and implementing our human rights strategy and advocacy across Unilever.

Led by Marcela Manubens as Global Vice President, our team now has members in each Unilever regional cluster of countries.

Programme, and address the endemic business and human rights issues often found in global value chains.

Human rights at the heart of our RSP Our Responsible Sourcing Policy (RSP) embodies our commitment to conduct business with integrity, openness and respect for universal human rights and core labour principles.

Principles that are closely aligned with our salient human rights issues.

Ensuring that grievance mechanisms are effective, trusted used Alongside worker representation, effective grievance mechanisms play an important part in hearing the voices of workers in our business and throughout our supply chain.

Grievance mechanisms open channels for dialogue, problem solving and investigation, and, when appropriate, providing remedy.

Safeguarding the rights of everyone to raise a concern or grievance is vitally important and we will not accept any type of retaliation.

Willing to listen, learn improve We welcome stakeholders who contact us with their concerns and aim to be open in our response.

We realise that in running a business of the size and scale of Unilever, we will not always get things right.

We want to hear from people who have concerns, learn from our mistakes and make improvements that help us make a positive social impact.

Principles commits us to running our operations with honesty, integrity and openness.

We aim always to investigate, understand and discuss any issues of concern and respond.

Given our size and the long reach of our supply chain, some of the issues people raise are complex.

That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t address them but where issues are systemic or endemic, we don’t claim to have all the answers, and often we need to work with others to resolve them.

What matters to you ( sustainable living what matters to you ).

These include stakeholders’ concerns about a breach of our environmental operating guidelines at our former thermometer factory at Kodaikanal, India and over safety for women in our tea plantations in Kericho, Kenya.

Our work to advance human rights in Kericho is also discussed in our Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

The Guidelines take the form of recommendations addressed by governments to multinational enterprises.

OECD National Contact Points seek to resolve issues through amicable discussion to the satisfaction of all parties involved a process the OECD describes as conciliation.

If conciliation fails, complaints are referred to the second stage in the process mediation in which an independent facilitator takes a more formal role in brokering an agreement.

Should this also fail, the national contact point issues a statement or makes a recommendation.

Inherent in the OECD process is an investigation of the facts in order to validate the substance of the complaint.

Allied Workers’ Associations (IUF), all relating to our operations in India and Pakistan.

These complaints concerned site closure (Sewri factory, India), freedom of association and collective bargaining (Doom Dooma, India), and the use of temporary and contracted labour at our factories in Pakistan (Rahim Yar Khan and Khanewal).

A further complaint was submitted by the Turkish transport union TUMTIS in 2008.

The unions referred their complaints to the OECD’s National Contact Points in the UK and Turkey for investigation.

Since these cases we have we have implemented a range of actions across our business, including the development of guidelines and training, a review of our use of contract labour, and more dialogue with our stakeholders.

Fair compensation A skilled, motivated and engaged workforce is essential to achieving our growth ambition.

Fair compensation is an important factor in achieving this.

If economic growth is to be inclusive and sustainable, workers need to receive fair compensation.

Not only is this core to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals, it’s vital to our ongoing success as a responsible, sustainable business.

As part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), in 2014 we set ourselves the target of creating a structured way to define and assess how the elements of our compensation packages deliver fair compensation for our employees.

The result was our Framework for Fair Compensation, which we finalised in 2015 and rolled out across our business in 2016.

See Targets performance ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace ).

We aim to achieve full compliance with these principles, by all our businesses across the world, by 2020.

For each principle, our Framework outlines how we should deliver fair compensation by listing a number of standards.

We require each country business to report its status against the standards of our Framework each year, and where appropriate, country reports must include a remediation plan to rectify any issues of concern as soon as possible.

This is how we make sure that if any country is falling short of our principles, we can take swift action to put a plan in place to rectify the situation.

A Living Wage for all employees At the heart of our Framework is the principle of a 'living wage' that is, one that gives our employees enough to provide for their family's basic needs, for food, housing, education and healthcare as well as some discretionary income.

We audit compliance against this principle to ensure it is upheld.

We have worked closely with the Fair Wage Network (FWN) (http: fair wage.com ), an independent NGO which works to promote better wage practices.

Since 2015, FWN have provided us with access to their global Living Wage database.

This gives us an objective external source of the living wage amount for each of the countries (109) where we have employees.

While some of the national benchmarks need further development, we’re using this database to assess whether the current fixed compensation paid to all our lowest pay grade full time employees (including factory and non factory employees) in each country is meeting our living wage standard.

This standard means employees receive, at the very minimum, fixed and guaranteed levels of earnings that are above their country’s living wage benchmark.

Checking our principles are upheld By auditing for compliance against our Framework we can check that: fixed compensation is achievable without the need to work an excessive number of hours our country payroll processes deliver employees’ full pay correctly and on time, every time we have no issues of unequal pay between genders.

This is against an employee population of 161,000 in 2017.

Remediation plans were put in place to increase pay for these employees so that they gain sufficient guaranteed fixed earnings to be above the living wage.

We are a founding member of Mercer’s Responsible Employer Forum, which aims to raise industry awareness on fair wage issues and share best practice on how multinational organisations can implement fairness in the workplace initiatives.

In the UK, Unilever became an accredited Living Wage employer in 2015.

We believe that using this accreditation will help to raise the profile of the issue.

Putting fair compensation in place in Vietnam Working with others has helped shape our Framework.

This was more than just the actual pay amounts and included ensuring the workers understood how their pay was set, what it covered, what benefits were available and clarifying whether they were direct employees or contractors.

The publication coincided with the launch of our global HR for Factories project to introduce consistent practices to how our factory employees are developed and importantly, how they are rewarded.

This provided our Vietnamese leadership team with a template to identify how to make the necessary changes needed to address the issues highlighted by Oxfam.

Unilever’s Progress and Systemic Challenges (http: policy practice.oxfam.org.uk publications labour rights in vietnam unilevers progress and systemic challenges 614926) acknowledges the significant improvements made.

Working with others on Human Rights ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights in our own operations working with others on human rights ) for more.

Sharing our principles with suppliers partners Through our Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 5MB) ( Images slp unilever responsible sourcing policy 2014_tcm244 409819_en.pdf) (RSP), we also aim to extend the concepts of the Framework to the many organisations that supply our business with materials, services or contingent labour.

Business Partner Policy (PDF 3MB) ( Images responsible business partner policy may 2017_tcm244 504807_en.pdf) sets out the employment terms we expect our network of distributors and sales agents to adopt.

Ensuring that fair wages are paid throughout our value chain remains a challenge, particularly as the cost of living rises.

We are continuing to raise awareness of this issue with our suppliers and partners.

When it comes to our RSP, we are focusing our conversations initially with our providers of temporary labour.

Over 2015 2016, audits of our RSP’s fundamental principle 6 ( All workers are paid fair wages ) showed 2,039 non conformances.

The majority of these were attributed to four factors: the lack of fair and equal wages for all workers local legal requirements not being respected payments to workers not being transparent and records not maintained consistently.

The audit revealed inconsistencies between time records and production records, which meant normal and overtime working hours and payments could not be verified.

To fix this, the supplier organised extra training for staff on correct procedures, ensuring better management oversight and control.

This non conformance was resolved and verified in a follow up audit which confirmed that back pay had been paid to the workers.

While our employees in our own tea plantations are paid above a living wage, often progress on compensation in our extended tea supply chain can only be made through collaboration with others collaboration that seeks to improve wages while ensuring the market remains competitive and respects anti trust rules.

We have significant influence in some of our own supply chains and can use our policies to catalyse change.

While there is much more to do, and Malawi’s inflation rate threatens to erode pay increases in real terms, this is a significant step forward in a country where average wages in the rural economy are significantly below living wage levels.

See our sustainable tea ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing sustainable tea leading the industry ) section and our Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf) for more detail.

See No discrimination in pay ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace fair compensation no discrimination in compensation ) for details of how we’re progressing the third principle of our Fair Compensation Framework.

No discrimination in compensation Avoiding a gender bias in pay is central to our ambition for fair compensation.

Discrimination of all kinds holds back individuals and our business and it has no place in the culture we want to create in Unilever.

It’s a key part of our commitment to developing an inclusive culture and respecting the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.

Our compensation structures are intended to be gender neutral, with any pay differences between employees in similar jobs fairly reflecting levels of individual performance and skill.

We review our pay structures in each country annually as part of our Framework’s compliance process.

If our analysis indicates any average pay differences between genders at a country or grade level (a gender pay gap’), we will support and identify opportunities to address gaps via our diversity and inclusion initiatives.

This will help us achieve our ambition for our Framework for Fair Compensation to support full equal opportunities for all.

Responsible Sourcing Policy (PDF 5MB) ( Images slp unilever responsible sourcing policy 2014_tcm244 409819_en.pdf).

Its Fundamental Principle 3 requires that all workers are treated equally and with respect and dignity , which includes compensation.

The gender pay gap is the average difference in pay between men and women, measured at a company level within a country.

It’s explained through various statistics and is influenced by a range of factors, including the demographics of a company’s workforce.

Our analysis of the average pay gap between women and men at a country level and at job grade level helps us identify any areas of gender representation imbalance, such as in the types of jobs held by women compared to men.

We use this information for targeted interventions to create more balanced gender representation wherever possible.

Explaining gender pay gaps: the importance of demographics Our analysis on gender pay gap highlights a broad trend: a lower pay gap in those countries with a larger female Unilever workforce.

How balanced the workforce is at each work level also has a significant impact on average pay differences.

Average gender pay gap analysis therefore needs to be viewed in the context of a country’s workforce gender demographics.

When we look at our worldwide business as a whole, in countries with more than 250 employees, the average female pay was 25% higher than male pay in 2017.

While there are often more men than women in these higher paying roles, the average male pay is often reduced by high numbers of men in lower paying, blue collar roles.

For example, Singapore had 63% female managers in 2017 and a relatively solid gender progression upwards.

However, the average female pay was lower than the male average because there are proportionately more males in director roles or above.

This demographic raises the overall male average pay above the average for females.

By contrast, Pakistan had only 1% female employees at blue collar level.

More women are in senior roles and the large male blue collar population reduces the average male pay compared to average female pay.

As is the case in most businesses, we have historically seen proportionately more men progress to senior job levels compared to women, both at global corporate level and at individual country level.

At the global corporate level, our average pay gap between genders at our executive (most senior) level was 9.3% in 2017.

Officer and Chief Financial Officer) being held by men.

Length of service also contributes to the pay gap, with men typically serving longer.

Similar analysis across our management levels shows the average pay gap between genders is less than 3.8%.

Our analysis at factory level for 2017 showed no significant differences in gender pay within equal roles.

Unilever UK’s overall results are broadly balanced: the median hourly pay for women is 2.2% more than men.

This compares favourably to UK median hourly pay where women earn 18.4% less than men.

These results reflect our UK based workforce, in which women hold just over half of all management positions (up from 41.8% in 2010) and there are a large number of men who work in non managerial factory roles.

Louise Sutton, Global Equity Reward Manager in our HR function, explains gender pay gap is not a measure of equal pay.

Gender pay gap is high level diversity indicator of whether a company has a gender balanced workforce.

To understand this we believe it’s useful to have clear definitions of equal pay and gender pay gap.

Equal pay is about ensuring there is no pay difference between genders doing the same job.

Gender pay gap is the average pay difference between genders at a company level within a country.

Just because a gender pay gap exists at a company level, it does not mean that female employees are paid less than male employees at a grade or individual job level.

The gender pay gap simply shows that the company average pay is different between the genders.

Even if a company has a rigorously applied equal pay reward practice, there could be a company level gender pay gap showing the average female salary is lower than the average male.

Advocating equal pay for women We believe that reducing the average pay gap across society between men and women is a crucial part of fair compensation.

For our US business, this pledge means we will conduct an annual gender pay analysis, review hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers and embed equal pay.

These measures reaffirm our commitment to the advancement of women’s economic inclusion as a business priority see Opportunities for Women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women ) for more details.

Unilever continues to be vocal about the equality of women in the workplace.

Pay Pledge, we remain committed to reviewing our policies and ensuring Unilever is a leader in providing bene ts that empower women at work.

Improving employee health, nutrition well being We protect and promote the health, nutrition and well being of our employees so that they can enjoy fit and healthy lives at work and at home.

We aim to support our employees to be the best they can be.

This includes giving them tools to promote, maintain and enhance their health so they can maximise their fitness and, at the same time, improve their capacity to work safely and effectively.

Our global strategy for Medical and Occupational Health has two core elements: health promotion to promote, maintain and enhance the health of our employees, maximising their wellness and enabling them to work safely and effectively.

Examples include our focus on tackling HIV AIDs in Africa, and our company wide focus on physical and mental well being health protection to protect our employees from work related hazards to their health, including in our manufacturing facilities, ergonomically or while travelling.

We take a holistic view of well being We’ve defined holistic well being as a sustainable state of feeling good and functioning well, as a whole human’.

Well being unleashes the energy in our people to drive sustainable performance.

In 2014 our Global Well being Steering Committee created a four pillar Well being Framework to address the physical, mental, emotional and purposeful well being of our employees.

The Framework guides us in tackling the health risks we’ve identified across our business.

The top three of these are: mental health lifestyle factors (for example, exercise, nutrition, smoking and obesity), and ergonomic factors (for example, physical health issues such as repetitive strain injury).

Our well being strategy includes creating a working environment that is supportive of employees’ personal lives, while meeting our business needs.

One of the ways we do this is through agile working’.

This means providing our colleagues with safe, adaptable working practices and technology, allowing them to perform their job anywhere, at any time, as long as the needs of the business are met.

We offer more formal flexible working arrangements, too, such as job sharing and flexible or reduced hours.

Read more on agile working in Cutting office impacts ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations reducing office impacts ).

Our strategy also includes planning to respond to pandemics, when taking care of our employees’ health becomes even more crucial for protecting individuals and business continuity alike.

The potential of purpose We believe that people are better able to perform and unlock their potential when they can live and work with purpose’.

Defining their individual purpose helps employees see meaning in their work and home life and contributes to greater resilience and well being, enabling them to perform at their best.

And we’ve found it builds empowerment and collaboration within and between teams too.

Purpose driven companies with humanistic values outperformed the S P 500 by 14 times over 15 years.

People with a positive, energizing purpose tend to be focused, optimistic, and successful.

Great purposes inspire both people and organizations to do great things.

In 2017 we developed our People with Purpose initiative and workshop to bring this potential to life.

To build an organisation that creates sustainable value, we need people with sustainable energy, engagement and resilience.

Tim continues: Research continues to show that people whose purpose is fulfilled by their work are more physically and emotionally resilient.

They are also more engaged and much more likely to stay.

We need all the energy and resilience we can to create transformational change through our business.

Helping our people discover their purpose is key to achieving this.

Although 2017 was the first year of this initiative, around 10,000 employees have already taken part in our Purpose workshops.

They’ve been received with great enthusiasm, with employees saying they found them hugely valuable, would recommend them to other colleagues, and would use what they’ve learned in their job.

As one workshop participant said: This session was very useful in articulating who you are as a person and what drives you.

It’s by no means a piece of cake, be prepared for a lot of deep reflection.

Well being for new mothers Ensuring that new parents receive proper support is an important part of improving employee well being and achieving our ambitions to be a diverse and inclusive business.

Maternal Well being Standard, which among a range of principles makes sure every new mother everywhere in the business receives at least 16 weeks’ paid maternity leave.

This has resulted in an increase in maternity leave in over half the countries where we operate.

Maternity and Paternity Support (MAPS) programme are in Advancing diversity and inclusion ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women advancing diversity and inclusion ).

Lamplighter is our worldwide programme for improving employee health.

Programmes such as this have important short and long term health and business benefits.

In the short term, we expect to see healthier, more motivated and more productive employees, with lower levels of sick leave.

We aim to have more conversations about well being and support our employees to work towards improving their well being.

We see the long term benefits as achieving a sustainable workforce with long lasting good health, happiness and purpose for our colleagues.

And for our business, we see lower healthcare costs, which in turn also contribute to reducing the burden on public healthcare.

We evaluate the impact of our programmes by measuring health risk factors at country level over a three to five year period, giving us feedback on what needs to improve and how we can provide bespoke interventions.

We also measure the frequency of work related illness per million hours worked.

We’ve developed an interactive self audit tool for our country teams to assess and monitor health data.

This in turn helps them make the right decisions for their business, in alignment with our global Well being Framework.

The assessments also feed into our annual Global Health and Well being Awards.

Good health is good business We’ve commissioned multi year studies to evaluate the return on investment (ROI) of our health programmes.

Return on investment in our Lamplighter programmes savings associated with changes in risk prevalence.

Our aggregated results show that for every 1 we spend on Lamplighter programmes, we see a return of 2.44 indicating that good health really is good for business.

Our employee health programme Lamplighter is our global programme for assessing and improving four modifiable risk factors physical health, exercise, nutrition and mental resilience.

Lamplighter is a core part of our Well being Framework as it provides structure and guidance on how to develop strategic initiatives around physical and mental health.

This means each of our country businesses can provide support to our employees in the most locally appropriate way, such as guidance on managing long term health conditions, diabetes, HIV or musculoskeletal concerns.

Specific goals for Lamplighter include: ensuring that Lamplighter is in place in all countries with 100 or more employees, which we aim to achieve by 2020 addressing local health risks and establishing local and national health improvement plans with partnerships between occupational health and our human resources and supply chain teams.

Promoting mental well being There is increasing recognition of the need for mental well being.

Its importance to individuals and to society as a whole cannot be overlooked.

For the first time, world leaders are recognizing the promotion of mental health and well being, and the prevention and treatment of substance abuse, as health priorities within the global development agenda.

This is likely to have a positive impact on communities and countries where millions of people will receive much needed help.

While our business has long appreciated the value of a healthy workforce, today attitudes to mental health have changed radically.

It’s become one of our top three health issues and is rightly high on the agenda across society too.

We’re committed to promoting mental health within our business, and beyond.

In 2016 we became founding corporate partners of Heads Together in the UK, an initiative that combines a campaign to tackle stigma and change the conversation on mental health, with fundraising for a series of innovative mental health services.

Promoting the mental well being of our employees is a vital element of our Lamplighter programme, which recognises that mental health is especially important in times of change or uncertainty.

By listening and responding to the emotional needs of our employees, we give people a better chance of fulfilling their potential.

We’ve identified four elements that need to be in place to promote mental health initiatives: leadership and management communication and culture scoping resilience, managing pressure support.

He recognises it’s crucial to support employees’ mental well being.

Asking for help is the most important thing individuals can do when it comes to mental health.

That’s why we’ve put a strong emphasis on ensuring that our employees are aware of our support and resources on all aspects of their well being, and how to contact our assistance programmes.

We ensure that employees are only one conversation, one click or one call from the help and support they need.

Across society, we’re experiencing a tectonic shift in people’s attitudes to mental health and well being as mental health is acknowledged as a serious and growing problem.

Of course, people still face difficulties in overcoming cultural and social stigma associated with mental health, but we’re creating a culture where mental health is actively discussed, managed and understood.

The role of our senior leadership and their willingness to share their personal stories on the topic of mental well being have been pivotal to the success of this programme.

Now we’re seeing how this approach is having an effect.

Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR) has increased compared to 2016, paradoxically I am comfortable with this feedback, since it reflects better reporting systems being put in place as a direct consequence of an increase in employee awareness of mental health issues and their comfort in reporting them.

This has helped us to provide appropriate support to our employees.

It strengthens the adage if you can’t measure accurately, you can’t provide the support needed.

We’ve always been a business that sees it as our fundamental responsibility to promote and enhance the health of employees and if our people are the best they can be, then that’s good for our business too.

Easy access to support and training Everyone employed by Unilever should be just one conversation, one phone call or one click away from support.

Behind this simple statement is a range of options which include access to counselling services and employee assistance programmes that also extend access to family groups.

Employees can access online training on mental health and we have also developed a personal resilience assessment and training tool.

Alongside this, we’ve set up a global partnership to provide mindfulness training.

As part of our initiatives in the UK, we’ve trained some employees to become mental health first aiders’.

Our first aiders are points of contact who can share a first conversation or guide someone in accessing a range of professional help.

They’re valuable in identifying early help for those who may be on the verge of developing a mental health issue.

Another UK innovation is our new well being app, which we piloted in 2017.

This is an example of our 1chat1click1call commitment and offers employees 24 hour a day support in choosing the best available source of help or guidance.

Making time to talk Suicide has a devastating impact on individuals and families across Ireland, which has the second highest youth suicide rate in Europe.

There remains a stigma around the topic of suicide and self harm, and Irish people don’t talk openly about mental health issues.

This is a national charity that provides free counselling and support services for those suffering from suicidal thoughts, self harm or bereavement.

Research also shows that around 135 people are impacted by every life lost to suicide.

Through tea, which is often at the heart of conversations, we can encourage people to talk about their mental health and direct them to a place where they can receive help if they need it.

Lyons also donated 10c to Pieta House for every pack purchased.

With the funds raised through these donations, Pieta House was able to provide 1,305 hours of counselling.

We also carried out some research to uncover the mindset of Irish residents when it comes to mental health.

Amongst the findings we discovered that just over half of adults (52%) say they always make time to speak with someone when they need to, while 48% say they should make more time to talk.

To amplify our message we created a five week national radio campaign Timetotalk’ across Spin 1038 iRadio.

The campaign included 132 broadcasting hours dedicated to mental health.

Helping our employees thrive Today’s fast paced and rapidly changing world is exciting, but can also be stressful.

We want our employees to understand their holistic health status if we can help motivate them to reduce their well being risks and adopt healthy habits, they’ll have the skills to thrive and work more sustainably.

That’s the thinking behind our Thrive well being workshops.

Lamplighter’s health checks and advice, we use them to bring to life the four pillars of our Well being Framework (physical, emotional, mental and purposeful well being).

During the workshops we explain each of the pillars as a battery of energy that needs to be charged and used safely, as well as replenished and cared for in a sustainable way.

The workshops also engage senior leaders, as they play an important role in demonstrating, supporting and empowering leadership behaviours.

Framework is not just theoretical, but a vital contribution to our way of operating sustainably.

Over 2015 2017, around 50,000 employees have taken part in our Thrive workshops.

In 2017, we developed short videos to train people in what we call healthy performance habits’ ie keeping work and life in balance.

These are available on our intranet and cover adaptability, collaboration, demands and pressure, emotional energy, empowerment, energy recovery, experimentation, focus and purpose.

The Thrive workshop was a good moment for me to take a look at different areas of my life and see how they all come together.

Tackling HIV AIDS HIV AIDS has an impact on our business, not only in terms of our own employees but also in wider socio economic terms in many of our markets.

In recent years, advances in health interventions have reduced the incidence of HIV AIDS. In 2016, 1.8 million people became newly infected with HIV, a drop of 20% since 2013.

Measures such as behaviour change campaigns, condom use and prevention of mother to child transmission have all helped.

HIV AIDS presenting at our company clinics, particularly in Africa, often with devastating consequences for individuals and communities.

Since then we have maintained our resolve to combat the disease not only in our workplace but also in wider society through the use of partnerships.

Our approach to HIV AIDS Our HIV AIDS programmes are an integral component of our medical and occupational health strategy and are a priority for our business.

What do our occupational health strategies cover access to primary healthcare protecting health in the workplace ensuring medical fitness for the job actively promoting health and well being.

Our company wide standard of healthcare reinforces our commitment to the care and protection of employees living with the disease and to help prevent new infections.

The standard underpins our approach to prevent discrimination against employees based on HIV status and to offer care and support when needed.

It’s based on the principle of treating HIV AIDS similarly to any other chronic disease and providing appropriate steps to combat it.

Lamplighter ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being ), our global health and well being programme.

The key inputs to our HIV AIDS programme in Africa include: spreading awareness, information and education through employee peer group educators’ and by training management groups in the latest developments voluntary counselling and testing by healthcare providers condom distribution for all employees providing anti retroviral treatment based on World Health Organization guidelines monitoring treatment adherence and viral suppression treatment of TB and other opportunistic infections promotion of male medical circumcision.

In the case of pregnant women, we help with treatment to prevent mother to child transmission.

Labour Organization (ILO) Code of Practice on HIV AIDS.

Assessing the impact of our programmes Our first local HIV programme started more than 25 years ago in the form of a life threatening disease policy in South Africa.

We went on to develop a roadmap for implementing a comprehensive programme across all our sites, using global and local business coalition networks to substantially increase testing and treatment in Africa.

In 2010 we revised our roadmap to include the latest technologies, treatments and prevention campaign methods, tailored according to the HIV AIDS risk in different countries.

HIV AIDS experts to gain insight into our future strategy.

We published a 25 year review of our efforts (PDF 7MB) ( Images unilever hiv aids 25 years of experience_tcm244 481139_en.pdf) in 2014.

As we look back, we can see we have made progress and we are pleased to report a 30 50% drop in mortality across our sites, with an incidence rate that is at least 50% less than the national average.

ILO’s recommendation of getting to zero new infections, zero discrimination and zero AIDS related deaths .

In the spirit of sharing our learning, our programmes are available as models on the GBC and the Global Health Initiative websites.

We believe it’s important to mark World AIDS Day each December.

WHO on HIV AIDS campaign materials and local NGO and government messages.

Building a safer business We want to grow our business responsibly.

That means safety is a non negotiable commitment, shared by everyone at Unilever.

Facts and figures are a vital tool for measuring safety and driving the progress we continue to see in our business but they do not tell the full story.

Behind any set of safety statistics are real people, who should be able to live and work free from the risk of injuries or accidents.

SDG 3 on Good Health and Well being flags the need to halve road deaths and injuries by 2020, while SDG 8 on Decent Work and Economic Growth highlights the need to protect labour rights and provide safe and secure working conditions.

None of this can be achieved without working in partnership (SDG 17).

Our approach to safety begins with the recognition that our business has a responsibility, not only to our 161,000 employees who make the products we sell in more than 190 countries, but also to all the people and communities we work with and among.

It’s a moral obligation that’s captured in our Code of Business Principles and a business imperative too, since our commercial success depends on the trust people place in us.

Accountable leadership and a strong policy framework are critical, and we describe them below.

But a true safety culture is not delivered exclusively from the top down.

Instead, it relies on everyone working together in a culture where the protection of all is non negotiable.

It is this principle that underpins our Unilever safety mission.

Our Code of Business Principles commits us to provide safe and healthy working conditions for all employees.

Our Safety Mission: Through authentic leadership, to build an interdependent safety culture that protects the well being of our employees, visitors, contractors and assets, and delivers on responsible growth.

As well as being a target within the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, health and safety is one of our eight salient human rights issues, and we are committed to improving safety throughout our value chain.

Advancing Human Rights with suppliers business partners ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights with suppliers and business partners ).

You cannot have holistic, responsible growth unless you care about people, and that means making sure those people go home safely to their families every day.

This is the firm belief of RS Ravi, our Group Safety Director.

We have more we need to do to reduce injuries and fatalities to zero, and there are always fresh challenges, such as when Unilever acquires new businesses which we need to bring in to our way of working.

But the commitment of everyone in the business to safety, driven by our most senior leadership, has meant that we’ve built a culture in which people take responsibility for their own safety.

As a result, we’ve seen significant progress in reducing injuries.

Now we need to move the whole business further towards what we safety practitioners call an 'interdependent' safety culture.

That means that everyone works together because they share a belief that our vision is attainable: zero injuries and fatalities.

We first met this target in 2013, seven years ahead of schedule.

Our target remains challenging, however, and we will only continue our progress by remaining vigilant throughout our business.

The progress we've made was through visible leadership, the positive behaviour of our people, the design of our plants, facilities and products, and by implementing safe systems and procedures throughout Unilever.

But there is no such thing as a 'tolerable' level of accidents.

The right to a safe and healthy work environment is non negotiable.

We are transforming safety with our Vision Zero strategy which underpins everything we do as a business.

It aims for: zero fatalities zero injuries zero motor vehicle accidents zero process incidents zero tolerance of unsafe behaviour and practices.

Accidents of this kind are what our procedures and policies are intended to prevent, and we are sharing the lessons from this sad incident across the business.

How we're making people safer Throughout our business, we're building on the culture we've created over many years by adding capability, building professionalism and reinforcing leadership responsibility.

In 2017, we continued to strengthen the pillars of our safety programme, described in detail in Making our safety vision a reality ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace building a safer business making our safety vision a reality ): prioritising safe travel and transport behaviour based safety process safety machinery safety contractor and construction safety.

Responsibility Committee also reviews a safety progress scorecard and conducts regular in depth discussions with our Safety leaders.

This level of review and analysis of our performance ensures that safety gets the attention it needs to become embedded in the organisation.

Helping our leaders 'walk the talk' Our training programmes aim to ensure our leaders understand and implement the safety culture we want to create.

In 2016, we introduced a mandatory safety training programme for all Unilever leaders who manage a team.

The training is designed to give them the skills and knowledge they need to ensure that everyone on their team gets to go home safely every day.

It underlines the importance of them walking the talk’ on safety, every minute of every day.

Our safety policies and standards We believe a safe working culture has to be founded on clear policies and standards that everyone understands.

Our global Health and Safety Policy and Mandatory Standards are based on the international standard OHSAS 18001.

Best Practice Guidelines on individual aspects of health and safety.

All these are made available to all Unilever locations worldwide through our intranet.

We also collate safety data from each of our sites to give us an overview of our performance and ensure we continue to use best practice at all times.

This information is shared globally through our Safety, Health and Environment (SHE) team members, who work closely with their local leadership teams.

The local teams are supported, in turn, by our senior health and safety professionals who meet regularly as the Unilever Group Safety and Health Leadership Team.

Their role is to: advise the leadership team on areas of focus and recommend and support specific improvement projects review progress against targets and recommend remedial actions follow up on serious incidents and ensure lessons learned are shared and adopted share best practice and support local SHE teams.

Building a safer value chain Our business depends on thousands of people in our supply chain and they have just as much right to a safe workplace as our employees.

Making our safety vision a reality We’ll achieve Vision Zero when no one is harmed in the course of Unilever business.

To get there, we assess the risks attached to all our activities and develop programmes to tackle them.

In 2017 we continued our focus on safe travel in vehicles, behavioural safety, machinery safety, process safety, and construction and contractor safety.

Making the roads safer, for us and for others Our business couldn't succeed without people driving on our behalf and sharing the roads with the people around us.

We have a responsibility to ensure that our employees keep themselves and the public safe when they are behind the wheel.

And the need to reduce road injuries and deaths has been recognised as a worldwide priority in the UN’s Sustainable Development Goal 3 on Good Health and Well being.

Safe Travel Roadmap, introduced in 2016 to give drivers step by step guidance.

The Roadmap also enables local managers to design robust programmes tailored to the risks and conditions on the roads their employees are using.

Our approach reflects the reality that road safety standards and other conditions vary from market to market.

Alongside policies and standards, technology plays an important role too whether by delivering online training, or through the use of telematics’ (also known as black boxes’) to track and record driving behaviour and promote safe driving techniques.

Every country tracks safe travel through a range of parameters, such as driver training or mileage.

We use it to ensure that all drivers complete their obligatory defensive driving training courses, report any safety incidents, track driver mileage and make the best of route risk assessments.

Our innovative Safe Travel Module is a practical, hands on tool to help people get home safely at the end of each day.

For example, in a number of countries, it’s our established practice that drivers check information about the route they're planning to take and then make a risk assessment.

The result might be that they take a different route one that might be longer, but is safer because of traf c or road conditions.

Africa where the roads are particularly dangerous in the dark.

These efforts are starting to pay off: in 2017 we saw a 50% reduction in road related collisions resulting in employee injuries from 26 to 13 accidents.

But there’s still more to do to reach our vision of zero accidents.

We understand that violations of the rules need to be addressed fairly and objectively.

Countries have consequence management policies’ in place aligned with local legislation and frameworks.

This means that we can impose a range of disciplinary actions on those responsible for poor safety oversight which can include dismissal in the most serious cases.

Guidelines and policies on their own do not achieve a safe working environment.

People's safety depends to a large degree on how they, and the people around them, behave.

WCM is the continuous improvement system we use in our manufacturing sites.

It’s implemented through a structured, step by step approach that drives extensive involvement by our employees and a set of rigorous behaviours.

WCM’s safety pillar is built on behaviour based safety principles.

We’ve made sure these are well defined and articulated as they’re the non negotiable foundations of the way we work.

Using these company wide foundations, sites develop tailored plans that drive continuous improvement at each site.

By taking this approach, we can create a solid and consolidated safety culture across all levels of our organisation.

Our leadership team receives mandatory training on the importance of WCM, and we expect leaders to walk the talk’.

We remind our employees that we’re all responsible for making good choices when it comes to the safety of ourselves and others.

That’s whether people work in a factory, an office or elsewhere.

Our Make the Right Choice communications campaign underlined this message in 2017 with a renewed emphasis on the importance of individual decision making.

Muhtesem Edis, our SHE and Security Director based in Turkey, describes how our Make the Right Choice campaign is making our workplaces safer.

Most people assume that safety is an issue just for our factories.

Slip, trip and fall (STF) incidents can happen anywhere and they’re potentially very serious.

In the worst case, a slip can result in life changing injuries, and sadly sprains and strains, bruises and concussions, fractures and dislocations are all too common.

Far from being exclusively a 'factory' problem, just over a quarter of the STFs in our business happen on non manufacturing sites, which include offices, R D and distribution sites.

Between 2014 and 2016, the number of STFs in our business grew, peaking at 247 in 2016 so we knew it was an area that needed urgent improvement.

Often inattention or distraction is the reason for these accidents rushing or carrying too many items so we don't hold the handrail when using the stairs.

Broken items can be replaced, but our people can't.

Our Make the Right Choice campaign brings home to people the importance of good decisions in every working environment, with the result that we saw a steady reduction of incidents in 2017.

Encouraging progress on process safety incidents Process safety is the way we manage our production by applying good design principles, engineering, and operating practices from the very beginning of a project.

Our Global Process Safety Team assessed and classified all Unilever manufacturing sites so we can develop our risk based approach and target our audits.

We continued to work with partner firms in the Safety to Win programme, launched in 2016.

Jonathan Jett Parmer, our Global Engineering Director for process safety explains.

Put simply, process safety means hardwiring safety into every aspect of our production processes.

It matters, because good process safety saves lives and prevents injuries.

It helps prevent and control the most serious incidents ones that could cause toxic effects, fires or explosions, for example.

Our process safety work focuses on what we call Major Accident Event Prevention a term that speaks for itself.

What drives process safety people like my colleagues and me is the difference safety makes to people's lives but there are wider benefits too.

When you have effective process safety, it leads to improved site reliability and higher community confidence.

Employee morale is higher too, which can boost retention and help attract the best talent.

A safe business is also often less expensive to underwrite, often over delivers on results, and can earn the trust of customers, consumers and suppliers all essential elements of business growth.

Construction contractor safety Keeping people safe during construction of all kinds is a priority for us.

Following the introduction of our Construction Safety Standard in 2015, we have continued to expand construction safety standards into our supply chain.

In 2017 we focused on specific high risk activities and launched our new Work at Heights training across our business.

In 2014 we began collecting data specifically related to contractor safety.

Contractors’ recordable injuries (measured by Lost Time Injuries Frequency Rate, LTIFR) have progressively reduced since then.

This is due to better application of our standards, higher levels of engagement from our leaders and enhanced training of project leaders and safety professionals.

Monitoring our safety performance ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace building a safer business monitoring our safety performance ) for details.

Machinery safety We continue to work on improving the safety of people who work with machines.

A particular focus has been reducing injuries caused when people’s hands get caught in machines.

While these injuries have fallen, they still remain one of our most common factory injuries so we’re working hard to assess all the risks related to our equipment and to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place.

We have developed tools that involve employees in identifying hazards and assessing their risks this makes safety more personal and builds greater individual accountability for it.

We’ve also completed our worldwide machinery safety training and are working with vendors and industry experts to assess existing machinery safety risks and identify improvements.

We ensure that any new machinery arriving at our sites is 'safe by design' and we are working with vendors and industry experts to assess existing machinery safety risks and identify improvements.

Monitoring our safety performance Monitoring our performance closely and publishing the results helps us keep track of our progress and identify areas where we need to increase our efforts.

This compares to 1.01 accident per million hours for the same period in the previous year.

While we no longer use Accident Frequency Rate (AFR) for reporting purposes, an earlier trend is presented here for comparison.

Please note that as a consequence of improving our safety performance over many years, in 2009 Unilever decided to increase the denominator used to calculate TRFR from 100,000 to 1,000,000 hours.

The chart has thus been re stated using this new, higher factor which has had the effect of increasing our current and historical TRFR data by a factor of ten.

In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

TRFR is one of two occupational safety performance indicators that has been independently assured by PwC ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance index.html) in 2017.

The other is the number of fatal accidents, which is described below.

We work hard to ensure that everyone working for Unilever whether employee or contractor understands the procedures and policies we’ve put in place to prevent fatal accidents, and we share the lessons learned from them across the business.

Notes In 2013 we adjusted our reporting period from 1 January 31 December to 1 October 30 September.

Monitoring our injury rates In tandem with tracking accidents, it’s vital we understand the frequency and nature of the injuries these accidents can cause.

We introduced our Airsweb reporting system to do just.

Frequency Rate (LTIFR) which measures injuries per million hours worked and includes all safety injuries from simple first aid cases to those that are more serious.

We measure this for all our direct employees and all our contractors.

While we have collected data on LTIFR for our employees for many years, since 2014 we’ve used Airsweb to help us deliver one of the pillars of our safety programme, namely improved safety for contractors.

This has resulted in a 42% reduction in LTIFR for contractors over 2014 2017.

See Making our safety vision a reality ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace building a safer business making our safety vision a reality ).

Achieving zero injuries Some of our sites are achieving zero recordable injuries on an ongoing basis.

South African law due to the nature and quantity of the substances it processes, (namely liquid petroleum gas).

But from first opening its doors in 1990, it’s had no recordable injuries.

Emirates was built with a focus on safety excellence at all stages of the project including design, construction, commissioning, installation and operation.

Since 2015, the factory has run for more than 3.4 million hours with no recordable injuries.

Monitoring occupational illnesses Our World Class Manufacturing and Occupational Health teams work together to make our factories and offices healthy places to work.

Our programmes cover the prevention of work related illness and occupational diseases, ergonomics, environmental health and protection from noise and enzymes.

Frequency Rate (OIFR) we measure the number of work related ill health cases per million hours worked for all our direct employees.

In 2017, our OIFR was 0.78 per million hours worked.

This result was validated by Health Improvement Solutions, a specialist health consultancy.

The first is the changes we made to our in house reporting systems to enable better data collection.

The second is an increase in employee awareness and reporting of mental health issues in particular, driven by our communication campaigns and training.

See Our employee health programme ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being our employee health programme ).

We want to help create a world in which every woman and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, unconstrained by harmful norms and stereotypes.

We believe a world where women are economically empowered will be a fairer, happier and more prosperous place to live and that our business will flourish in it.

Changing the norms closing the gender gap At the current rate of progress, women will have to wait 100 years to close the gender gap with men a wait that, despite advances over the last decade, actually got longer in 2017.

The annual World Economic Forum Global Gender Gap Report, published in November 2017, found the gap between men and women across health, education, politics and the workplace widening for the first time since records began in 2006.

This wait is unacceptable for current and future generations of women and girls, and for the societies and economies of which they and our business are a part.

We want our business to be a leading force in closing that gap, and to challenge and change the harmful norms and stereotypes that are a barrier to women’s economic empowerment and the norms and stereotypes of masculinity that confine men too.

Empowering women can transform the world Empowering women will transform individual lives, and it will also transform societies.

It’s essential to the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda and its Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Empowering women and girls is the focus of SDG 5, Achieving Gender Equality.

But, like the need to work in partnership (SDG 17), women’s empowerment is a red thread that stitches all the SDGs together.

In particular, it underpins those that aim to improve access to skills and employment and the resulting economic empowerment this brings.

Our business, too, will be transformed: women are 70% of our consumer base, 50% of the talent pool from whom we recruit our workforce, and play critical roles in our supply chain and in enabling us to reach consumers with our products.

By creating and supporting opportunities for women in society and the economy, we have the possibility to grow our markets, brands and business.

We believe that women’s empowerment is the single greatest enabler of human development and economic growth and that changing the norms and stereotypes that hold women back will enable society and our business to transform for the better.

Empowered women: creating a better business a brighter future Empowered women are playing a vital part in creating the prosperous economies in which our business can grow and increasing their opportunities further will increase ours.

Worldwide, women control 64% of consumer spending and are the fastest growing group of consumers.

Equality for women in the global labour force would add up to 28 trillion to the global economy by 2025, according to the McKinsey Global Institute.

That’s a very significant opportunity for any business, especially one like ours where more than 70% of our consumers are women.

But as the World Economic Forum’s Global Gender Gap Report 2017 shows, the gap is not closing fast enough.

Challenging the gender norms that hold back growth The UN High Level Panel on Women’s Economic Empowerment report stated that changing norms should be at the top of the 2030 Agenda to expand women’s economic opportunities .

Our own research supports the widening evidence that some of the strongest forces behind persistent gender gaps are harmful social norms and stereotypes that limit expectations of what women can or should do.

These outdated norms that discriminate against women are all around us and they are deeply ingrained.

Challenging and changing those norms is therefore a vital part of our strategy.

We have a vision of a world in which every woman and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, unconstrained by harmful norms and stereotypes.

And a world, too, in which men are also free from the confines of adverse social norms and stereotypes of manhood and masculinity, and in which economies are growing and creating opportunities for men and women alike.

Empowering women across our value chain We have a great opportunity to help create this vision of unlocking women’s potential throughout our extended value chain and in society at large.

We start with progressive policies and practices in our own workplace and supply chain operations.

Building on this foundation, we collaborate with others to create opportunities for women in our extended supply chain, through our distribution networks, our brands and products.

By engaging in partnership, thought leadership and advocacy, we unleash the power of collective action for sustainable, transformational change.

A global effort in which partnership is key Cultivating fair and balanced gender norms and progressive portrayals of women and girls calls for broad, collective action.

Stakeholders across sectors need to work together, and business must be part of the solution.

We participate in platforms that help us bring insight into Unilever and share our own insights with the wider world.

Many of our partnerships are described in the Taking Action pages in this report.

Its goal is to achieve equality by encouraging men and boys as agents of change and take action against negative inequalities faced by women and girls.

It aims to develop market based solutions to enable 100 million people in sub Saharan Africa and Asia to gain access to products and services that have been shown to improve health, livelihoods, the environment or well being by 2025.

A core priority across our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Creating opportunities for women is not an isolated goal in fact, it runs right through the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan and is a core element in many of our transformational sustainability aims.

Examples can be found throughout this report, including how Dove is helping to build self esteem and body confidence in young people, how we’re enhancing access to training and skills for women in our agricultural supply chain via our Enhancing Livelihoods Fund and how we’re creating economic opportunities for women to participate in our customer development network through our Shakti initiative.

Our commitment By 2020, we will empower 5 million women by advancing opportunities for women in our operations, promoting safety, developing skills and expanding opportunities in our retail value chain.

We have improved our gender balance, with the proportion of female managers reaching.

In partnership with others, by 2017 we had enabled 1,259,000 (or around 1.3 million) women to access initiatives aiming to promote their safety, develop their skills or expand their opportunities.

Future challenges As the World Economic Forum Global Gender Gap Report 2017 shows, progress towards gender equality cannot be taken for granted, and there is no room for complacency despite the gains made within our business and in society at large over recent years.

If we are to achieve the world we want by 2030, we must create a gender equal society.

That means more than focusing on the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goal 5, the specific target on gender.

Gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls must happen across the SDGs to ensure their success.

As our CEO, Paul Polman, wrote in November 2017: Concerted, consistent and continuous action is required and I urge leaders to apply a gender lens and in particular, a social norms lens to all their programmes, irrespective of which SDG they might address, even though the benefits might not necessarily be seen in the short term.

As well as being holistic, it’s clear that action must be collaborative.

We must maintain our own efforts to tackle gender barriers throughout our value chain.

But deeply embedded harmful social norms and gender stereotypes will not disappear without collective action from governments, civil society and business.

Unilever, like everyone who wants to see women’s potential enabled and fulfilled, needs to keep finding new approaches.

That means new ways of measuring and managing our social impact cost effectively and at scale.

And new ways of partnering with others, including government and civil society.

In particular, it requires us to harness the collective influence of the wider business community so that we can help change the way the world works for women for the better.

We’ve highlighted three priority areas for accelerating gender equality and women’s empowerment in the private sector: we’re calling on business to be gender aware, be gender active and be the new norm.

See our Opportunities for Women White Paper for more detail.

We have set ambitious targets to empower 5 million women through a variety of initiatives.

By 2020, we will empower 5 million women by advancing opportunities for women in our operations promoting safety providing up skilling and expanding opportunities in our retail value chain.

We have improved our gender balance, with the proportion of female managers reaching 47% in 2017.

In partnership with others, by 2017 we had enabled 1,259,000 (around 1.3 million) women to access initiatives aiming to promote their safety, develop their skills or expand their opportunities.

Our approach to empowering women is based on the tripod of rights, skills and opportunities.

Women’s rights must be respected and women need to be given the skills and opportunities to succeed.

Increasing agricultural yields and securing our supplies can be better achieved if women have fair and equal access to skills and opportunities.

The impact of economically empowering women has a transformative effect on lifting families out of poverty.

To achieve women’s empowerment and business growth, we need entire systems change, driven by our own business activities and initiatives but also requiring dialogue with key stakeholders at global and national levels.

The insights and perspectives we gain from others are critical to our understanding of women's issues and priorities as we continue to develop our policies and practices.

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We will build a gender balanced organisation with a focus on management.

The percentage of women managers in Unilever reached 47% in 2017.

Since 2009, we have been committed to building a gender balanced organisation.

We set a clear ambition to have 50% women in management positions by 2020.

We continue to make progress, although work remains.

By the end of 2017, 47% of our total management were women, up from 46% in 2016.

At the most senior levels however, the ratios are not as high: among our top 93 executives, 22% were women in 2017.

Five out of our 13 Board members were female (38%) in 2017, compared with six out of 14 in 2016 (43%).

As part of our Maternity and Paternity Support Programme, we launched our Global Maternal Well being Standard which offers 16 weeks’ paid maternity leave to all employees.

Although our previous entitlements already met local regulatory requirements, the new Standard is a major advance as in 54% of the countries in which we operate, it exceeds the local regulatory requirement.

We will promote safety for women in the communities where we operate.

By 2017, we had enabled around 7,000 women to access initiatives that aimed to promote their safety.

We introduced a new target on safety in 2014 following our study in Kenya which confirmed safety as a critical issue for women in the communities where we operate.

We continue to engage our workers and wider community through awareness raising and training on sexual harassment and strengthened grievance mechanisms.

Our approach is systematic and inclusive and we work alongside communities.

We continue to partner with expert external organisations to further strengthen this work, raising awareness, providing more information on what constitutes sexual harassment and advancing more opportunities for girls to engage in social activities.

In 2016, we agreed a Global Partnership Framework on women’s safety with UN Women, who are reviewing and strengthening our Safety for Women and Girls programme in Kericho, Kenya, so that it can be adapted to other countries and regions.

In 2017, we extended this programme to work with our suppliers in Assam, India.

We will enhance access to training and skills across our value chain.

By 2017, we had enabled around 1,175,000 (around 1.2 million) women to access initiatives aiming to develop their skills.

Our target is critical for expanding female participation in the economy.

Accessing training is one of the major barriers to women’s participation in training.

This is why our training is designed to encourage the full and equal participation of women, for example, by being held at convenient times in accessible locations or by providing online courses.

We’re also working with partners, which helps us reach more women and encourages mutual learning.

We take a holistic approach when providing access to training and skills, offering complementary training wherever possible.

For instance, we are developing agricultural training for smallholder farming families which is supplemented by education on nutrition with the aim of improving dietary diversity.

Similarly, we are aiming to roll out financial literacy training for smallholder farmers where we have previously delivered other types of training.

We will expand opportunities for women in our retail value chain.

We will increase the number of Shakti entrepreneurs that we recruit, train and employ from 45,000 in 2010 to 75,000 in 2015.

By 2017, we had enabled around 77,000 women to access initiatives aiming to expand their opportunities in our retail value chain.

In 2016, we integrated our Shakti ambitions into our wider target to expand opportunities for women in our retail value chain by 2020.

By 2017, we had grown the number of Shakti entrepreneurs to around 74,800.

It is a win win initiative that catalyses rural affluence while benefiting our business by equipping women to distribute our products.

The programme has become our model to reach out to rural consumers on typically low incomes in developing and emerging markets.

We are adapting this model in several South East Asian, African and Latin American markets.

For example, in Nigeria in 2017, around 2,200 women were selling our products as part of our Gbemiga initiative.

Challenging harmful gender norms Outdated social norms and stereotypes can prevent women from achieving their full potential.

By working with our brands, throughout our value chain, and with partners across industry and society, we aim to challenge harmful gender norms and empower women.

No limits Some of the strongest forces behind persistent gender gaps are harmful social norms and stereotypes that limit expectations of what women can or should do.

They are all around us, and they are deeply ingrained.

What's more, these outdated norms are holding back the global economic growth and social progress that will come from women's empowerment and gender equality the growth and progress that are at the heart of the UN's Sustainable Development Goals.

Changing norms should be at the top of the 2030 Agenda .

We want to use our influence, insight and expertise to challenge these adverse social norms and gender stereotypes in our business, and in society at large.

Advancing diversity and inclusion ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women advancing diversity and inclusion ) in our own business.

And we believe that challenging those social norms can have a transformational impact.

Our vision of freedom In all this work, we’re guided by our vision (PDF 7MB) ( Images unilever opportunities for women_tcm244 500987_en.pdf) of a world in which every woman and girl can create the kind of life she wishes to lead, unconstrained by harmful norms and stereotypes.

And a world in which men, too, are free from the confines of adverse social norms and stereotypes of manhood and masculinity.

That's also a world in which economies are growing and creating opportunities for men and women alike.

One in which people and our business can flourish.

Gender refers to the socially constructed characteristics of women and men such as norms, roles and relationships of and between groups of women and men.

It varies from society to society and can be changed.

Unstereotype: driving change We're convinced that business generally including ours can help change consumer behaviour and challenge social norms.

That means changing the images we see, and the words we use, so we reflect the real aspirations, achievements and interests of women and men alike.

Our Unstereotype initiative plays a vital role in this.

Gender stereotypes used to be a staple of advertising.

In some cases, they still are, despite the fact that the world has changed, people’s lives have changed and gender identity has changed, too.

But too much advertising has not moved with the times.

We know our own business has, in the past, fallen back on stereotypes of men and women and their roles.

But the crucial part of that phrase is in the past’.

We’re absolutely committed to evolving the way we market our products.

We’ve started already, with our Unstereotype initiative, launched in 2016, which has challenged every single one of our global brands to move away from unhelpful stereotypes.

Dove, for example, has been championing real beauty since 2004.

Others have changed their positioning to be more relevant today, like Axe Lynx’s new Find Your Magic (https: www.youtube.com watch v 0WySfa7x5q0) campaign, which embraces the individuality of real, modern men.

Unstereotype, many other brands have embraced its creative freedom and the chance to make a deeper connection with the people who buy our products.

Personally, I love the fact that we are able to use the influence of our brands and our marketing reach to challenge these stereotypes.

But this isn’t just about doing the right thing for society it’s also the right thing for our business.

When consumers tell us they want fresh, progressive depictions of men and women, we need to listen.

Already, progressive advertisements are found to be 25% more effective than those featuring more traditional portrayals of gender.

So, beneath the vital societal reasons for change, there’s a compelling business case no brand can afford to ignore.

Moving an industry the Unstereotype Alliance Of course, any single business can only reach so far in tackling stereotypes that ail the industry and society.

To make an impact at greater scale, we need everyone to embrace it.

We believe this is a chance to make a real difference at an industry level and to address some of the barriers that limit people’s potential.

Stereotypes re ect deep rooted ideas of femininity and masculinity.

Negative, diminished conceptions of women and girls are one of the greatest barriers for gender equality and we need to tackle and change those images wherever they appear.

Advertising is a particularly powerful driver to change perceptions and impact social norms.

UN Women is excited to partner with the foremost industry shapers in this Alliance to challenge and advance the ways women are represented in this eld.

Our brands: leading the way on Unstereotype Through our brands, we have the chance to reach billions of people every day.

That gives us an enormous opportunity to challenge stereotypes watch how some of our biggest brands are leading the way.

Beginning with their prize winning campaign featuring 6 Pack India’s first transgender band Brooke Bond has been spreading the message of inclusiveness, portraying gender authentically and encouraging people to become more accepting, break barriers and bond over a cup of tea.

Watch the SpeakYourHeart advertisement (https: www.youtube.com watch v Hpfop jFxec).

Dove’s MyBeautyMySay campaign features stories of amazing women who stand up for their own beauty, refusing to let comments about their looks hold them back.

Sunsilk positions her as a source of inspiration, not only for hijab wearers but also for other girls who want to challenge social norms and craft their own exploration journey.

See the Sunsilk Hijab video (https: www.youtube.com watch v uTxsNdCccgk).

Knorr wanted to reflect how cooking has become much more inclusive and, by doing so, be relevant, inspirational and progressive.

Axe seeks to readjust toxic’ portrayals of masculinity and help liberate men to feel it’s OK to be themselves.

Watch the IsitOKforGuys advertisement (https: www.youtube.com watch v 0WySfa7x5q0).

Who are Hellmann's consumers People who are defined by their passion for food, not their gender or background.

Watch the Hellmann’s OnTheSideOfFood advertisement (https: www.youtube.com watch v NAHOHZrJzKU).

How unpaid work holds women back Laundry, cooking, cleaning, collecting water and caring for people in some parts of the world, these unpaid tasks in the home can take up to six hours a day.

They’re the necessities of life and we should all be responsible for them.

But all too often, they are done disproportionately by women and girls.

Unpaid work like this is hampering women’s access to opportunities outside the home, holding individuals back and contributing to the gender gap.

So how can we help change this gender norm We don’t pretend complex issues like this can be solved by one business, with one initiative.

But making people think about the status quo can be a first step to challenging it, if it isn’t fair.

And by putting our brands at the centre of the change we want to create, we’ll keep building the consumer trust we need to grow our business.

Empowerment and Livelihoods, explains the potential she sees in rebalancing unpaid work.

Personally, the topic of unpaid care work is very present for me, having returned from maternity leave and trying to balance work and family life.

Being a mother has made me realise that the inequitable distribution of unpaid care and domestic work is probably linked to the most deeply ingrained social norms in societies across the world.

There’s enough evidence that addressing this issue will play a big part in unlocking true economic empowerment for women.

For Unilever, unpaid care work is a priority area given that it directly impacts women every day in our workplace, supply chain and distribution network, as well as our consumers.

Unilever is taking its responsibility towards its own employees seriously, for example through progressive diversity and inclusion policies.

What I’m even more excited about is that we’re amplifying the impact through the power of our brands to address this issue.

Surf and Sunlight have made this central to their brand purpose.

Our laundry brand Surf is one example of a brand that has started to address the issue of unpaid domestic work.

In 2017, our Surf brand began a unique three year partnership with Oxfam.

It aims to expand choices for women and girls by recognising, reducing and redistributing the amount of time they spend on unpaid care work.

Starting in the Philippines and Zimbabwe, the WE Care programme seeks to change the social norms that allocate most of a household’s chores to women.

Communications are key to getting the message across: the programme involves using different channels as well as face to face household visits by local agents.

At the same time, the programme aims to provide better access to water and laundry infrastructure, with new or improved communal laundries, household laundry facilities and water systems or centres.

The programme sets out to reach 70,000 people directly.

And millions more through our communications, which will challenge people to recognise the impact unpaid care work has on women and girls’ lives, and change norms to achieve more equal responsibility for unpaid care work.

Unstereotyping our value chain We’re embedding the idea of unstereotyping throughout our business and value chain.

Given the severity of the barriers to progress these norms present, they have to be tackled at multiple levels and in a variety of ways.

Working with our brands and functions to provide women with access to skills to enhance their entrepreneurial capabilities and life skills ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women enhancing entrepreneurial life skills through our brands ) expanding women’s opportunities in our retail value chain ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women expanding opportunities in our retail value chain ) to empower them in their communities, showing it is possible to challenge limiting stereotypes, and to succeed.

Advancing diversity inclusion We want to accelerate progress in equality and women's empowerment because they are central to our business growth and our social impact.

Building a gender balanced organisation with a truly inclusive work culture is a strategic priority.

What does a successful workforce look like For a business committed to having a positive social impact alongside sustainable growth, building a genderbalanced workforce is essential.

Equality) and the consequent benefits these rights bring in terms of access to education and jobs and the economic growth this would trigger.

We believe a more diverse and inclusive workforce can boost financial performance, reputation, innovation, and staff motivation a belief supported by multiple studies.

Employees making and selling products that are on sale in over 190 countries our consumer base in our workforce helps anticipate consumers’ needs.

We’re a culturally diverse company and we're determined to develop an inclusive culture which respects the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.

At the end of 2017, 33% of our total workforce was female and 47% of our managers were women.

Unstereotype in the workplace beyond As well as being vital to the success of our business, we know that advancing diversity within Unilever plays a part in our wider ambitions to challenge outdated gender norms throughout our value chain and contribute to a more prosperous and just society by empowering women everywhere.

Diversity can only flourish in an environment that welcomes and nurtures it an inclusive culture of the kind we want to build.

We believe that stereotypes, unconscious bias, and outdated social norms are the biggest barriers to inclusion so our internal Unstereotype in the Workplace campaign aims to break them down, just as our Unstereotype initiative aims to break stereotypes in the way we portray women and men in our advertising.

By June 2017, it had reached 82,000 employees through a campaign that includes expert panels, films, quizzes and talks by external experts.

Diversity: a commitment at the heart of our business Our Code of Business Principles applies to every Unilever employee everywhere in the world.

It includes a commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Our Code of Business Principles states that we are committed to a working environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunity and where there is mutual trust, respect for human rights and no discrimination.

We will recruit, employ and promote employees on the sole basis of the qualifications and abilities needed for the work to be performed.

Our Code of Business Principles is supported by 24 mandatory Code Policies that define the ethical behaviour employees must demonstrate when working in our business.

Our Respect, Dignity and Fair Treatment Code Policy sets out what our employees must do to ensure that all our workplaces maintain our commitment to diversity.

Treat everyone fairly and equally, without discrimination on the grounds of race, age, role, gender, gender identity, colour, religion, country of origin, sexual orientation, marital status, dependants, disability, social class or political views.

This includes consideration for recruitment, redundancy, promotion, reward and benefits, training or retirement which must be based on merit.

In addition to company wide policies, we support our commitment with targets, and improving female representation in the workforce is linked to the goals of our leaders.

Each country has its own targets, which reflect their particular diversity challenges.

We’ve identified our Supply Chain and Customer Development functions as areas where we need to give this greater priority.

Turkey, where the efforts of our leadership team have upped the number of women in the workforce from 26% in 2015 to 40% in 2016.

Fairness in the workplace ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights with suppliers and business partners ).

Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf) also describes our work to address obstacles to diversity, including discrimination and harassment, in our business and supply chain.

We're creating opportunities for women across our business including in the technical or supervisory roles where in some markets they are under represented.

This allows individuals to flourish and, often, secure higher pay.

And it strengthens our business by widening our talent pool.

In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia women represent 20% of the workforce, but only 2% are in the industrial sector.

In 2017, 11 female machine operators and one female supervisor joined our production line in Jeddah making Lifebuoy and Lux liquid soaps.

They were the first local women to join our blue collar workforce.

Now I feel I have the chance of a career in which I can develop my skills, gain valuable experience and carve out opportunities for the future.

One day, I would like to maybe move into a supervisor role.

Hesham Abdulwahab, HR Director in our Kingdom of Saudi Arabia business, explains the significance of these appointments.

The move is an important step in our Saudi Vision 2030.

We set this out in 2016 with the aim of increasing women across our workforce from 22% to 30% and investing in their skills development so they can make a full contribution to society and the economy.

Although progress is being made in terms of encouraging women into the workforce, female unemployment is estimated to be around 30%.

Unilever was the first fast moving consumer goods company to obtain official permission from the Labour Office in Saudi Arabia to employ women.

Appointing our first factory workers means gender diversity has jumped from zero to 8% for blue collar employees.

Diversity and Inclusion Champions are all part of our overall approach.

We want to ensure that the representation of women at the most senior levels in our business keeps increasing.

But we still have much to do: among our top 93 executives, only 22% are women.

INSEAD Unilever Four Acres Consortium, aims to enhance the leadership skills of our senior female executives and talented women from other sectors.

Our brands also play an active role in supporting women as leaders.

Recruiting retaining the best female talent We run programmes across the business aimed at attracting, retaining, and developing female talent.

These are based on a global framework and tailored to meet the needs of individual countries and regions.

Our hiring managers must use 'balanced slates' (which means an equal number of qualified female and male candidates) to make sure there's a level playing field of talented people to promote.

We’ve designed a range of initiatives to enable both women and men to reach their full potential.

Our agile working policy, for example, allows people to work anytime, anywhere, as long as business needs are being fully met.

Changing the face of engineering Not enough women become engineers and not enough of our engineers are women.

That's a reality in society and in our workforce but it’s one that we're working to change.

Over 2016 2017, we doubled the number of female engineers in our workforce but we need to go much further towards true gender balance explains Marc Engel, our Chief Supply Chain Officer.

We’re driving initiatives across our supply chain to make our culture and workplace more diverse and inclusive because it’s vital to our success today and into the future.

Our partnership with WomEng (http: womeng.org ) (Women in Engineering) is a great example of the sort of initiatives we’ve set up.

Together, we've run a series of programmes and events in Mexico, Brazil, Germany, Indonesia and the UK to raise the profile of engineering careers at Unilever and attract the new engineers we need to continue to grow as a business.

The WomEng programme is a two day leadership conference which provides participants with opportunities to build their professional skills and expand their network.

The events typically include our senior leaders alongside management trainees from our Future Leaders Programme who lead sessions as well as providing an insight into real life engineering at Unilever.

Hammond factory in Indiana, US, explains: I had an incredible experience being a part of this programme.

I learned a ton about networking, mentoring, and even about the future of Artificial Intelligence, and how best to continue my journey and become a leader.

I enjoyed meeting fellow students and female leaders from Unilever and WomEng and learning from their experiences and making connections.

Parenthood shouldn’t be a barrier in anyone's career.

We recognise the importance of supporting new parents so that they can continue to contribute to our business.

Our Maternity and Paternity Support programme (MAPS) helps employees make the transition to parenthood as smoothly as possible.

This gives returning mothers access to facilities that allow them to nurse their baby and to have all the flexibility they need to return to the workplace.

Among other measures, it entitles all employees to 16 weeks of paid maternity leave as a minimum.

Although our previous entitlements already met local regulatory requirements, the new Standard is a major advance as in 54% of the countries in which we operate, it exceeds the local regulatory requirement.

We’ve come a long way in our support for working mothers says Aline Santos, our Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and our Head of Diversity and Inclusion.

We believe our new Global Maternal Well being Standard is industry leading in terms of helping women in the transition to being a working mum and in fostering the diverse business we need to attract and keep the best talent.

Our Global Standard is already improving support for mothers.

For example, it includes a minimum of 16 weeks paid maternity leave, or the local statutory minimum whichever is more favourable.

All mothers returning to work now have access to a variety of flexible options, such as part time or agile working and job sharing, based on the requirements of their role.

And we’ll be enabling sites with over 50 female employees to provide access to cr che services that are tailored to local needs.

Our HR Learning Manager, Abigail Collins is based in the UK.

Her job is learning and development for people in Human Resources across Unilever.

I returned to work in April 2017, following the birth of my daughter Annabel.

My boss was great at striking the right balance during my year off on maternity leave, keeping me in the loop and inviting me to things regularly.

Now I'm back at work, life is busy, but being able to work from home sometimes is really helpful.

My boss trusts me to get the job done, when and how it works for me.

When I turn off my laptop, I can be with my daughter five minutes later.

My childminder is very close to my home, so the time I save by not commuting is quality time with her.

Equal pay for equal work We believe in paying for performance with clear reward policies and have a longstanding commitment to equal pay for equal work.

Our compensation structures are intended to be gender neutral, with any pay differences between employees in similar jobs fairly reflecting levels of individual performance and skill.

Mentoring provides ongoing feedback and advice on career progression.

It can also be a powerful means to gain confidence and take on more challenging assignments.

Our Global Mentoring Programme aims to help us secure a strong pipeline of talent for the future and accelerate the readiness of high potential women for senior leadership positions.

Through this programme our senior leaders act as mentors to top women who are within around 18 months from their next lateral move or promotion, to challenge and inspire them as they prepare to take the next step in their career.

Worldwide, over 250 women’s careers have been enriched through this initiative.

We complement our Global Mentoring Programme with mentoring that is tailored to specific country needs.

In Canada for example, we run innovative speed mentoring’ sessions, allowing women to gain valuable career advice from senior Unilever leaders, while in Nigeria, we partner with Women in Successful Careers (WISCAR) to provide access to a professional network of successful women leaders.

Inspire Connect Empower (WICE) is a networking event covering professional development for women in management.

Helping men play their part in driving change Our male employees will be important drivers of the change we want to see.

They can be champions for women in the workplace, and they can model new norms in which men and women share household and family care duties more equally enabling both to progress in their careers.

UN Women’s HeForShe campaign, which encourages men to take action against the barriers that women face.

LeanIn.org (https: leanin.org ) that calls on men to mentor women.

In the wake of the MeToo movement, a survey by LeanIn.Org and SurveyMonkey showed that almost half of male managers are now uncomfortable participating in common work activities with women, such as working alone, socialising outside work, or mentoring.

Weed pledged their support for the campaign and continue to mentor our senior women leaders.

Challenging harmful gender norms ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ).

Promoting safety for women Violence and discrimination can blight women’s lives and hold them back from playing a full part in the workplace, society and the economy.

We’re taking action to improve women’s rights and safety in the communities in which we operate.

Safe working cultures, stronger communities We are committed to respecting and promoting women’s rights, which includes the right to safety of women and girls.

Women have the right to be free from violence, harassment and discrimination.

Removing the barriers of an unsafe environment can help women fulfil their potential as individuals and as contributors to work, communities and economies.

But the World Health Organization estimates that about 1 in 3 (35%) of women worldwide have experienced either physical and or sexual intimate partner violence or non partner sexual violence in their lifetime.

We’re promoting safety for women in our workplaces and our extended supply chain.

Our aim is to implement policies and processes that women trust, with an emphasis on addressing the harmful social and cultural norms and behaviours that can leave women at risk.

This is a moral obligation, and we know it is essential if our business is to maintain the trust and reputation we aspire to.

There cannot be real inclusion of women in society if women are subject to violence and harassment.

We have a duty and opportunity to use our in uence to expose and drive out intolerable behaviours and work together to promote a respectful environment.

Zero tolerance of any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment, is embedded in the policies that govern our operations and value chains.

We continue to revise and evolve our codes in order to address specific forms of harassment, including policies covering sexual harassment (for example, see below: Working with unions to prevent sexual harassment), child protection and violence prevention.

Fairness in the workplace ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace ).

Combating violence discrimination As well as our wider work in challenging harmful gender norms ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ) we work closely with partners, including suppliers, to address women’s safety and combat discrimination.

Code of Business Principles compliance and performance management systems grievance mechanisms, awareness raising and training.

UN Women and other UN agencies, women’s organisations, suppliers and others.

Announced in December 2016, it’s designed to develop a human rights based intervention programme across our tea supply chain.

The programme aims to ensure that women and girls are socially, economically and politically empowered, which includes freeing them from violence.

We then extended it to a supplier partnership in Assam, India in 2017.

A new framework for women’s safety We took the next step in developing our approach in 2018.

Women’s Safety Framework in Rural Spaces (PDF 7MB) ( Images a global womens safety framework in rural spaces_tcm244 529405_1_en.pdf).

December 2018 and will be made available to the global tea industry and other value chains in 2019.

A Working in Assam Women make up half of Assam’s 6 million strong tea workforce and perform the crucial, labour intensive task of plucking tea leaves.

But they are too often subjected to violence and further denied their rights by inadequate, or non existent, grievance mechanisms and safe spaces.

At the same time, men dominate the better paid clerical and managerial positions in the plantations, with promotional opportunities denied to women.

We’ve set up a new partnership to address this violence.

Although we do not own tea estates in Assam, they are a vital part of our supply chain.

In 2017, working with our suppliers, we began a new programme in Assam’s Udalguri District.

Its aim is to prevent and respond to gender based violence, including sexual harassment in tea estates and surrounding communities.

Manager Daleram Gulia explains, Women workers are our most valuable resource.

They are also someone’s daughter, mother or sister.

Safety and feeling safe is a basic human right in a place of work and in all spaces.

Russel is part of Unilever’s global partnership with UN Women.

Our current programme in Assam builds on existing initiatives to strengthen women’s rights in the tea estates, such as mothers clubs and adolescent girls clubs, and takes a step by step approach to include the community.

For example, over 2017 2018 we set up Women Empowerment Clubs (WECs) in six tea estates, training 76 women on the prevention and response to domestic violence, civil recourse through national laws, and on sexual harassment in the workplace.

These women are now the change agents in their estates and run awareness raising sessions, reaching more than 1,600 women working in the estates in 2018.

The programme aims to create systemic change by addressing gender inequality and fostering a multi stakeholder approach to end gender based violence.

It helps to create sustained change by promoting favourable social norms, attitudes and behaviours to prevent violence against women, for example through comprehensive prevention programmes for elementary school children in the estates.

This video (https: www.youtube.com watch v yx2bS8xnCvs feature youtu.be) explains the details of this holistic approach to addressing gender based violence.

Experience in Assam will help inform the creation of a sustainable model that further promotes women’s safety and can be used in other regions and countries and beyond.

Our Safety for Women Girls Programme, Kenya Up to 50,000 people live in our company villages on our tea estate in Kericho, Kenya, where we employ more than 12,000 permanent workers and 4,000 seasonal workers.

In 2013, we commissioned an extensive independent review following allegations of sexual harassment there in 2010 and 2013.

It includes expanding and strengthening our management team and increasing the proportion of female team leaders.

We’ve instituted policies on sexual harassment, child protection, and violence prevention and management, all developed with the participation of local employees and community representatives.

And we’ve conducted different types of training for management, employees, village elders and specialised groups such as medical personnel.

We’ve also improved our grievance reporting process with a dedicated, confidential, toll free and local language hotline.

Once a month, our Friday Safety Talks focus on sexual harassment and related topics.

We’re ensuring that all workers in Kericho women and men know how to report any cases of violence, harassment, or human rights abuses, and understand that they’re supported by Unilever and protected by the law.

UN Women carried out a progress review of this programme as part of our partnership to develop A Global Framework on Women’s Safety (PDF 7MB) ( Images a global womens safety framework in rural spaces_tcm244 529440_en.pdf).

This has helped to strengthen our programme and adapt it to other countries and regions.

In Kenya, our membership of the Gender Empowerment Platform involves work with the Sustainable Trade Initiative (IDH) to exchange best practices and share knowledge with the wider tea industry.

We’re also working with the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP), and our supplier, the Kenya Tea Development Agency (KTDA), which is the largest tea producer in Kenya with 66 factories and more than half a million smallholder farmers.

Through ETP’s partnership with the KTDA, 1,000 managers, supervisors and members of staff out of a total KTDA workforce of 9,000 have been trained on stopping discrimination and harassment.

For more information on our work on safety in Kericho, see Kericho tea estates and our Human Rights Report 2017 (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

Working with unions to prevent sexual harassment We also work with partners to prevent sexual harassment in our operations.

IUF produced a booklet called No Place for Sexual Harassment at Unilever’.

This is designed to help IUF members understand the roles of workers, unions and management in preventing sexual harassment in the workplace, and is described on page 38 of our 2017 Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

We also ran a range of initiatives on our sites in 2017 to raise awareness and enhance training to combat this issue.

We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.

Enhancing women’s access to training skills We want to help women across our value chain employees, farmers, entrepreneurs and consumers to unlock their full potential.

The gains are big, particularly for women farmers who can increase their yields, enhance their incomes and provide the sustainable supply of ingredients our business needs.

Empowering women farmers strengthening our supply chain Farmers need knowledge and not just of sustainable agricultural practices.

For smallholder farmers, skills in business, finance, nutrition, sanitation, hygiene and a range of other areas can make a difference to their own lives and the communities they live in.

But too often, women and girls are left behind when it comes to education so providing them with access to training and skills is critical to expanding female participation in the economy and closing the gender gap.

Empowering women farmers can make a significant difference to their livelihoods and to the wider communities in which they live.

Agriculture Organization, if women had the same access to land, technology, financial services, education and markets as men, yields on women’s farms could increase by as much as 20% 30%.

So, by helping women gain the skills they need to unlock their potential, we have the opportunity to achieve a huge positive social impact.

Hundreds of thousands of women grow the crops and commodities that we buy, usually through our suppliers, to make our products.

Investing in the skills of women can strengthen the agricultural supply chains which we depend on for our ingredients, build trust in our business, and create a sustainable foundation for our future growth.

Overcoming barriers, creating opportunity Many smallholder farmers have to tackle challenges ranging from limited knowledge and credit to poor access to markets.

Women farmers can face additional barriers, often as a result of unhelpful existing customs and stereotypes.

The lack of role models is one barrier, and research shows it’s an important one, as positive role models can drive change.

Another common barrier is training programmes that have traditionally catered for men.

These may be available only at inconvenient times and in the wrong places for women with childcare and family responsibilities.

They may take place in locations that are unsafe or use learning materials designed with men in mind.

At the same time, limited rights to land ownership may preclude women from raising finance to support farm investment programmes designed to improve yields and incomes.

As a result, we've developed an approach that enables us to reach women farmers through: financial support for farmer training programmes, delivered by suppliers and NGOs premium prices for suppliers who invest in farmer training and provide quality planting material, such as high yield seeds funding for technical solutions that improve productivity and environmental sustainability development of financial literacy, hygiene and nutrition training modules with experts access to labour and time saving devices such as cook stoves and clothes washing equipment.

Our work to address the barriers facing women more widely is described in Challenging harmful gender norms ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ).

All too often, women farmers miss out on training and support that could help them boost their yields and in turn, support the livelihoods of their families and communities.

Among gherkin farmers in India, for example, women do over half the farming work but receive less than 20% of training in traditional systems.

Ford Foundation in 2015) shows what can be achieved when training programmes aim to empower women.

MMEP features videos of local farmers demonstrating sustainable agricultural practices in local languages.

This increase is even higher for women led farming families, who saw a 30% increase in their yields.

Programme, which aims to reach more than 10,000 smallholder gherkin farming families in southern India.

They tend to have smaller farms that are less productive.

This is because they have less access to resources than men fewer inputs, limitations on land ownership and barriers in access to training and financing.

In places where women cannot own the land they work, they can be deterred from investing in productivity improvements.

We believe land rights are a powerful way to help people develop sustainable livelihoods.

Enhancing land rights in general will empower women, as well as lay the foundation for other development investments to take root such as education programmes, financial services and healthcare.

They are relevant for all aspects of our business, including operational considerations such as the siting of factories or offices.

But it is our extended supply chain that gives rise to the most opportunity to have a positive impact in this area, as well as the most risk.

Global Land Rights Principles and Due Diligence Implementation Guidelines for our own operations.

These will provide enhanced due diligence relating to all our transactions involving land.

We will roll these out to our operations before extending to our suppliers.

Enhancing entrepreneurial life skills through our brands We’re harnessing the power of our brands to empower women and build their skills.

Building on our brand connections to empower women Our brands play a huge part in delivering our overall business commitment to making sustainable living commonplace.

Many of our brands are empowering and enabling women every day.

Of the people who buy our products are women developed sustainable living purposes that help women and girls unlock their potential by building confidence and enabling access to skills and training.

And some brands in our Home Care Division are aiming to help to recognise, reduce and redistribute the burden of household chores and unlock women’s time.

We're building on the connection our brands have with women, on the reach and scale of our business, and on collaborations with a range of partners, through projects and initiatives that enable women to increase their skills and create new opportunities.

We believe that empowered women will help build stronger economies and fairer societies, which will be good for our business and we want women to trust our brands to support them on their journey.

We do not want our brands to perpetuate unhelpful stereotypes about women or men.

Our Unstereotype initiative is challenging us, and our marketing agencies, to portray women positively and progressively and avoid gender stereotypes.

Our expansion of Unstereotype in 2017 and our work in mobilising other businesses in this area is described in Challenging harmful gender norms ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women Challenging harmful gender norms ).

Around the world, women are finding innovative ways to tackle the social, human rights and environmental challenges that face every society.

Voices to launch a leadership skills based fellowship programme.

It aims to encourage women to grow and lead with values which challenge the conventional definitions of strength.

The VVLead Fellowship aims to equip the next generation of changemakers with the skills and confidence to lead with a new vision of strength.

The curriculum is built around research that shows the qualities of a modern leader include vulnerability, empathy, collaboration, flexibility and patience.

In its first year, 50 female leaders of mission driven companies and organisations have participated in the Fellowship, benefiting from webinars, forum discussions, in person summits and virtual mentorship to grow the participants’ initiatives.

Baiqu Gonkar, from Art Represent in the UK, described the Fellowship's first global summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, in June 2017.

We can only do so much alone in order to drive real change in the world, we have to find allies and work together.

Since our meeting, all the fellows and ambassadors have kept in touch.

What’s more, we’re working together to drive the change we wish to see in the world.

Read more about the Vital Voices Fellows (https: www.vitalvoices.org what we do signature programs vvlead ).

Dove's mission to increase confidence Body confidence and self esteem matter: our research shows they can have an impact on the decisions people take and the way they act.

Confidence report found that 5 in 10 women and 7 in 10 girls have not been assertive in their opinion or stuck to a decision, in part because of self esteem about their looks.

Scouts (WAGGGS) has created a programme called Free Being Me (http: free being me.com )’, which helps young girls see that their opinions and views matter and can make a difference.

This short film (https: youtu.be M1FawEtjcLo) explains more about the Dove WAGGGS partnership.

Read more in Building body confidence self esteem ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene building body confidence and self esteem ).

Connecting job seekers with the skills they need Youth unemployment is one of the biggest paradoxes of modern times: even though more young people are going into tertiary education than ever before, they’re three times more likely to face unemployment than previous generations.

Of the world’s youth live in developing countries. 2 3 of them are jobless separating what employers need and what’s available in the market.

Simply put, the skills and knowledge young people are working so hard to gain aren’t enough to secure a job.

Millions of young people are seeking opportunities to better their lives by improving their employability and rising above social limitations.

In response, in 2015 our Radiant laundry brand launched its Academies of Shine in all its key markets.

The Academies aim to upskill people and give them the confidence to shine.

Through teaching these livelihood skills, the Academies bring to life Radiant’s brand purpose of fostering social mobility: helping progress seekers improve their employability and increase their income potential through the right skills, confidence and bright clothes.

Quality Education, particularly SDG 4.4 which seeks to increase the numbers of young people and adults who have relevant skills (including technical and vocational skills) for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship.

Each is tailored to the specific needs and culture of the country.

In Brazil, our Brilhante laundry brand found that 70% of women want to start their own business as it’s seen as one of the best chances for women to provide for their children and pay for their education.

But we also learnt that only 7% of women feel they have the confidence and skills to do so.

Fear of failure is a major cause of this hesitation.

Academy of Shine), an online women's entrepreneurship programme which includes a micro finance helpline.

Women can learn business skills and build their confidence in as little as five minutes a day through free courses.

After the programme, 98% say they will start their own business up from 74% before they started.

In India, the Rin Career Ready Academy (https: www.rin.in ) connects new joiners with alumni, giving joiners the chance to practise English, be mentored or take part in career fairs.

In rural areas, we tackled the lack of access to technology by delivering training through an interactive voice recorder that’s available via any feature phone.

And to make the experience a more social one, we created a mobile conferencing facility so students can practise English by speaking to other participants and a teacher.

In Thailand, professions such as accountancy, engineering or medical services typically require advanced English speaking skills, which are not common.

Omo’s Bright Future Academy makes short, fun English language modules, which are accessible to aspiring Thais through YouTube and Facebook.

Longer, in depth modules are available on DVD, and are sold with packs of Omo.

And we work with supermarket Tesco each year during back to school weeks to promote the programme in store.

This is not only proving good for the people who enrol in the training, it’s good for business too.

Radiant remains our fastest growing laundry brand in very competitive markets.

And we’ve seen particularly strong sales in the countries where the Academies are most advanced Brazil, India and Thailand.

But it’s not only our Home Care brands that are helping women develop their careers.

A number of our Beauty and Personal Care brands are looking at how they can connect women to new horizons too.

LEVO provides young professionals with the resources to help them navigate and advance their careers.

Through this partnership, TRESemm has democratised the tools and resources to help millennial women equip themselves with presence’ in the workplace.

TRESemm co created resources in collaboration with industry experts, offering them free of charge to women around the world via the LEVO website.

In addition, through our partnership with LEVO, we ran offline workshops and seminars across the US, UK and Canada.

These enabled working millennial women to access the networks and support systems they need to sustain their professional presence as they move ahead in their careers.

TRESemm is also partnering with TIME Inc and Marie Claire in the UK in 2018 to give readers the hints and tips to make their presence count and BeYourOwnPro.

Fair Lovely: connecting women to opportunity Full access to career guidance, education and skills that boost employability these are all essential to empowering women.

That's especially true where socio cultural, infrastructural or economic barriers stand in women's way.

Barriers such as gender stereotyping, safety concerns about studying outside the home or harmful norms about household responsibilities.

Our Fair Lovely Foundation's Online Training initiative aims to overcome many of these barriers by improving access to quality career guidance, education and skills delivered to women through their mobile phones.

It was launched in January 2017 to offer a curated selection of courses and resources on a mobile friendly, online platform.

The courses are chosen from well regarded, high quality digital education providers such as edX.org (which was founded by Harvard and MIT).

The platform is designed to help women discover the potential of online education and encourage them to enrol in a career guidance module and online courses.

Lovely Foundation website (https: www.fairandlovelyfoundation.in ).

Sunsilk: connecting young women to wider horizons In Brazil, Sunsilk has taken a similar approach and is seeking to open up possibilities for young women through the idea of horizon stretching’ showing them that they have access to opportunities beyond those their immediate surroundings might provide.

Due to adverse social norms, often girls and women find themselves with fewer education and employment opportunities than boys and men.

This means that women and girls sometimes have a limited view of their own future, which can hold them back from realising their full potential.

This is particularly true for girls from the Brazil’s favelas (slums).

In 2017, Sunsilk put this thinking into action in a new partnership with non profit Plano de Menina, where we co created the JuntasArrasamos ( TogetherWeRock) programme.

This pilot programme aims to build a sisterhood between girls to support each other as they think about expanding their horizons through inspiration and tools.

Juntas Arrasamos’s digital and face to face programme covers topics such as personal development, self esteem and personal finance and profiles aspirational role models, as well as offering a support network.

Dermalogica: connecting women to financial independence FITE Financial Independence Through Entrepreneurship helps women entrepreneurs start or grow a business by giving them access to education and skills.

Since then, it has helped support over 90,000 women to start and grow businesses and given scholarships to over 40 girls who are the first in their family to attend school across 10 emerging countries.

In 2017, the programme ran the first FITE Entrepreneur Accelerator, with an online course for salon entrepreneurs to fill the business skills gap in the beauty salon industry.

Co created with Santa Monica College in the US, the web based learning platform and community offers a comprehensive curriculum to help take their business to scale.

It’s available free of charge for the industry by application.

Expanding opportunities in our retail value chain Empowered women play a vital role in reaching our consumers and enabling our business to grow.

By building skills among our small scale distributors and retailers, we're creating new opportunities for women while strengthening our business.

Why helping women is good for business Our products reach consumers through around 25 million stores in more than 190 countries, as well as through direct sales from micro entrepreneurs.

We want to help women in our distribution network address the factors that can hold them back such as a lack of training and skills, lack of childcare or social attitudes while improving their access to markets, information and financing.

We do this directly, or in partnership with civil society organisations, governments or financial institutions.

In the Philippines, more than 90% of all retail outlets are small, mom and pop’ style stores at the heart of their communities and nine out of ten of them are owned by women.

These stores also known as 'sari sari' play a vital role in bringing our products to consumers.

But because they are not part of a group or chain, they often don’t benefit from training or development and they can lack access to business skills and information.

Helping these entrepreneurs unlock their potential boosts their businesses and gives us an opportunity to reach more consumers with our brands.

A key element of Kabisig lies in making connections between us and our retailers, but also among retailers themselves.

The programme is run alongside our Super Store initiative which works with bigger, established stores who each act as wholesalers for up to 120 Kabisig partners.

Kabisig Summits, where they learn skills such as stock control, financial management, sales techniques and customer service.

Since it began at scale in 2016, Kabisig has enhanced the skills and training of over 83,000 women store owners, and helped around 24,000 people set up new businesses.

Read more about Kabisig and other programmes aimed at Empowering small scale retailers for growth ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business empowering small scale retailers for growth ).

New business models, new women entrepreneurs, new opportunities As well as working to enhance the businesses of women within existing retail networks, we've created new distribution models, especially in developing countries.

These enable women to use their entrepreneurial spirit and the skills learnt in their training to reach consumers in novel ways increasing our sales while enhancing their incomes.

By recruiting, training and supporting women as independent sales agents, we can empower them to generate new business.

Billions of people live in hard to reach rural areas, or in cities with limited retail infrastructure, and connecting these consumers with our brands is vital to our business growth.

We've developed a range of new distribution models which support sales agents in a variety of ways including extended credit, marketing, sales and accounting training and sometimes equipment.

And by offering the new lines across our portfolio of brands, we can also help women owned outlets stock a more diverse range of products to attract more customers to their shops.

In 2017, it provided work for nearly 75,000 women in low income rural communities.

Shakti entrepreneurs distribute our brands in many thousands of villages across India.

We provide training on basic accounting, sales, health and hygiene and relevant IT skills.

Package to help them run their business efficiently.

The initiative expanded in 2010 to include Shaktimaans, typically the husbands or brothers of ammas, who sell Unilever products by bicycle to surrounding villages.

Shakti enhanced their monthly income, leading to an increase in spending capacity, and also improved their financial decision making abilities.

The programme helped to increase their confidence, self esteem, negotiating skills, communication and engagement capabilities, and supported the development of an entrepreneurial mind set needed to run a business.

Building good communication skills is crucial: many of the women said they lacked confidence to speak to customers.

But once they’d gained this confidence, customers said the Shakti ammas’ explanation of product benefits motivated them to try and buy our products.

I was not social but now I speak to many ladies and I share information with them as well.

We normally can’t go out but because of this programme, I can go out now.

Shakti has become our model to reach out to rural consumers on low incomes in developing and emerging markets and we’re adapting it at scale for other countries.

In Nigeria, our Gbemiga programme incorporates our Shakti model along with nutrition and hygiene education, using an innovative mobile platform to encourage long term behaviour change and reaching around 2,200 women in 2017.

Farah Qadri, our Project Manager of Guddi Baji, explains: Guddi Baji shows it is possible to create opportunities in rural areas where women face many challenges.

The programme began in 2012, when it trained rural women to become beauticians, which is a service and a career that is sought in many villages.

Today, the programme recruits entrepreneurs and supports them in running shops from their own homes, where they make an income selling our brands.

Some of these women live impoverished lives and are the sole breadwinners in male dominated societies.

Many have become a symbol of advice in rural areas with a real impact in terms of boosting their confidence and self esteem.

And we’ve seen that female shoppers who would hesitate to deal with a male shopkeeper are now happy to buy from a woman shopkeeper.

By September 2017, Guddi Baji had trained 1,015 women, refurbished their home shops and helped them with sales and marketing.

Guddi Baji entrepreneurs are increasing their disposable income.

Using these well trained and well stocked retailers has lowered the risk of shops selling counterfeit products, a common problem in many areas.

And armed with a good knowledge of our products and how to use them correctly, Guddi Baji sales and the reputation of our brands have flourished.

The network is now reaching nearly 350,000 customers and is providing a substantial uplift in our sales growth.

Mobile to promote financial inclusion for Guddi Baji retailers, as around 50 million women in the country don’t have access to bank accounts.

Through this partnership, we’re aiming to develop a network of JazzCash Guddi Baji retail agents who can offer access to financial services for their customers.

Home Care brands, in partnership with Oxfam and TechnoServe.

The Water Centres alleviate the burden of collecting water.

The brunt of this is borne by women who often walk many miles each day just to pick up their supplies, which are frequently of poor quality.

Run by women from the community, our Centres provide clean water for domestic activities.

We train local women to run them which gives them the skills, experience and opportunity to generate an income.

Water is sold at an affordable cost, as are food and household products.

All proceeds go towards the management of the Centres.

At the same time, we provide education on the responsible use of water to help people get the most out of what’s available.

Read more in Smart solutions for a water scarce future ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use water smart products for water stressed living ).

Millions of people help source, make and sell our products.

We want to help them unlock even more of their potential so they can support themselves, their communities and our business.

Building connections, removing barriers There's a story behind every one of our products the story of the people who make them possible.

The people in our factories and sites who make our brands play a crucial part.

But beyond our walls, there is a network of millions more, from the smallholder farmers in our extended supply chain, to the retailers and entrepreneurs who bring our brands to new and existing consumers.

All over the world, we rely on and support the people who contribute to our success.

We have strong connections with them already and we want to make them even stronger.

By helping to remove the barriers to growth faced by the people in our value chain, we aim to help them grow and thrive.

Unlocking the potential of millions Through technology, training, increased access to markets and better ways of working, we believe we can help millions of people unlock their potential and, in the process, contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals including No Poverty (SDG1), and Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG8).

Making our organisation more inclusive also makes strong business sense.

It helps to secure our essential raw materials, expands the markets for our products and increases the resilience of our business model in an uncertain world.

Our strategy We aim to contribute to economic wellbeing through wealth creation, employment, improving skills and providing access to markets creating a virtuous cycle of growth that both drives, and is driven, by our business.

We aim to make our approach holistic and integrated with the business, because we recognise that social, environmental and commercial progress are all interconnected.

We know that smallholder farmers, for instance, often lack access to markets, to financial support, and to information and training.

They can also be held back by poor diet, gender inequalities and health problems, including those caused by inadequate sanitation.

Our programmes and partnerships aimed at helping smallholders, bring in elements from across our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, including promoting sustainable agriculture practices, empowering women, advancing human rights and fairness in the workplace, and improving health hygiene and nutrition.

Similarly, our work with small scale retailers and entrepreneurs in our distribution network focuses on helping them build their capacity and addressing the barriers that currently hold them back, such as limited market information, access to credit, and a lack of business or financial management skills.

By tackling these obstacles to growth, we create further ways to have a positive social impact such as by expanding opportunities for women in our value chain.

By 2020, we will have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people by improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, and the incomes of small scale retailers, and by increasing the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

In 2017, we enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers and 1.6 million small scale retailers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices or increase their incomes.

Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017.

While we have made good progress in improving the agriculture practices of many of our smallholder farmers through certification programmes, the challenge is to provide proof of impact that extends beyond agricultural practices, in areas such as health and nutrition, which can act as barriers to improved livelihoods.

These issues must be addressed holistically and systematically.

That's why we are working with a wide range of partners to improve the systems and infrastructure in which smallholders operate.

Similarly, for small scale retailers, our ambition is to increase their incomes through our programmes such as Shakti and Kabisig Summits.

We have evidence that our sales increase through such initiatives but there is more work to be done to quantify the impact on small scale retailer incomes.

It is our aim to capture this information as part of our new small scale retailer learning platform.

As part of the Inclusive Business pillar of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set ambitious targets to create a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people.

By 2020, we will have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people, by improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, improving the incomes of small scale retailers and increasing the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

In 2017, we enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers and 1.6 million small scale retailers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices or increase their incomes.

We have enabled around 1.6 million small scale retailers in our distribution network to access initiatives aiming to increase their incomes, principally through Perfect Store, Kabisig Summits in the Philippines and Shakti in India and Nigeria.

We do not report all small scale retailer initiatives due to data availability and quality issues.

Through our commitment to sourcing sustainably in particular cocoa, tea, palm oil, vanilla and vegetables we are strengthening smallholder farming and making good progress towards our 2020 target.

By working with our suppliers and partners, we have enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices.

Around 370,000 women have accessed initiatives under both the Inclusive Business and the Opportunities for Women pillars in 2017.

Please see Independent Assurance for more details of our assurance programme across the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Our goal is to engage with at least 500,000 smallholder farmers in our supply network.

We will help them improve their agricultural practices and thus enable them to become more competitive.

By doing so we will improve the quality of their livelihoods.

In 2017, we enabled around 716,000 smallholder farmers to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices.

We continue to roll out programmes aiming to improve the agricultural practices of smallholder farmers.

New initiatives reported this year include the Black Soy Bean Bango Initiative in Indonesia and smallholder tea farmer certification in Sri Lanka.

Through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders improve their yields and increase the quality and consistency of the crops they grow.

That gives them the platform to increase their incomes, while giving us the visibility and resilience we need to achieve a truly sustainable supply chain.

Improving yield and quality is only part of the story.

Smallholder farmers often lack access to markets, financial support, and information and training.

Without them, their growth is constrained which can mean missed opportunities for yields and quality.

Other factors can also hold them back, such as poor diet, gender inequality and health problems caused by inadequate sanitation.

That’s why we’re also working with a wide range of partners, such as the Global Alliance of Improved Nutrition, to tackle these issues and give smallholders the best possible chance to thrive.

We will create and improve the incomes of 5 million small scale retailers in our distribution network.

We have enabled around 1.6 million small scale retailers in our distribution network to access our Perfect Store initiative, as well as other programmes such as the Shakti initiative and Kabisig Summits.

The number of small scale retailers accessing initiatives increased slightly in 2017 to 1.6 million, principally through the continued roll out of our Kabisig Summits in the Philippines and Shakti programme in India and Nigeria.

We have been developing our approach to ensure we are enabling as many small scale retailers as possible to access training, and not just those served through our Perfect Store initiative.

We expect progress against this target to accelerate from next year as we will be bringing all training modules together into a fully integrated, certified small scale retailer learning platform.

It will track the number of small scale retailers who access training, including financial literacy and basic training on hygiene, sanitation and nutrition to meet their shoppers’ needs better, as well as improving their own families’ livelihoods.

We will increase the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

We will train and enable young people to participate in the agricultural business sector globally and in the distribution channels of our brands to market.

We continue to help young people through our agricultural supply chain and distribution channels.

Since 2014, we have been working to bring more young entrepreneurs into our value chain, principally through our inclusive business programmes in developing and emerging markets.

One example is Safeer, a small scale retailer initiative in Egypt.

It aims to recruit and train young people to support the distribution of Unilever products in the top 1,000 villages in Egypt, which otherwise would be too expensive for the Unilever salesforce to reach.

Similarly, Unilever Bangladesh has pioneered an initiative to recruit unemployed young people to help sell our brands across rural regions of Bangladesh where there is no direct coverage.

Our smallholder farmer programmes also support young people, such as those growing vanilla in Madagascar.

In partnership with Symrise, Save the Children and the federal development agency GIZ, we are working to break the inter generational transfer of poverty through agricultural training and education.

Through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders improve their yields and increase the quality and consistency of the crops they grow.

Connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods We're building stronger, closer connections to the smallholder farmers who supply our business with essential agricultural raw materials providing them, and us, with the foundation for future growth.

Today, an estimated 450 million people earn most of their income by working on their family smallholding.

With their wealth of collective experience and knowledge of local conditions they play a vital role in feeding the planet, producing around 70% of the world's food.

But smallholders often face barriers that prevent them unlocking their full potential, both in terms of their yields, and their livelihoods.

Despite their contribution to the global food system, many smallholders themselves live in poverty, and deal with chronic food insecurity and malnutrition.

For too many, a life of continuous toil does not currently provide a sustainable livelihood and an unexpected drought or family bereavement can make this even harder to achieve.

But we believe it will create enormous opportunities for smallholder farmers, for the world's food systems, and for our business.

Feeding the future and securing our growth Creating a sustainable future for smallholders one in which their incomes and living standards rise, so that current and future generations see smallholding as viable and attractive will be key to feeding the world's growing population.

We rely on smallholders for a sustainable supply of some of our most important ingredients, including tea, palm oil, vegetables, cocoa and vanilla.

By strengthening our connections to smallholders and helping them flourish, we will make our supply of sustainably sourced ingredients more secure and more transparent, so it can continue to help us grow.

In turn, stronger and more sustainable smallholder communities will increase the resilience of our supply chain and strengthen the trust that our consumers have in our brands.

Committed to change and aware of the challenges We're committed to improving the yields and livelihoods of smallholder farmers and their communities, and we have a clear business interest in achieving it.

We know that the challenges faced by smallholders are complex and diverse, often requiring holistic solutions.

Not only does every crop and region have its own dynamic and context, but each individual smallholder faces a unique set of conditions.

We work directly with around 30,000 smallholders, while through our suppliers we're connected to around 700,000 more, mostly smallholder tea farmers in Africa.

Tackling the barriers Smallholder farmers often lack access to markets, to financial support, and to information and training.

Without them, they are constrained when it comes to investing in their farms.

Their choices of when, how, and what to grow are also constrained which can mean missed opportunities for improved yields and quality.

But many other factors can also hold them back such as lack of income diversification, poor diet, gender inequalities and health problems, including those caused by inadequate sanitation.

These barriers must be addressed holistically and systematically.

We're working with a wide range of partners to improve the systems and infrastructure in which smallholders operate, for example through collaborating on improved regulatory, market and financial processes.

And through our programmes, we're working to help smallholders improve their yields and increase the quality and consistency of the crops they grow.

That gives them the platform to increase their incomes, while giving us the visibility and resilience we need to achieve a truly sustainable supply chain.

At the same time, we're strengthening our connections with smallholders, so we can support them in areas like health, nutrition, and education, as well as training, professionalisation and sustainable agricultural methods.

It gives smallholders access to mobile content which is free of data charges, to help them make better farming decisions and become more sustainable in their practices.

For instance, it includes courses to help smallholder farmers better understand palm oil RSPO standards and the certification process.

Accessed via Free Basics by Facebook on the Indosat network, the content includes weather data and assessment information to help improve productivity and yields, along with communication tools to connect with cooperatives and other farmers.

We piloted mFarmer in January 2017 with independent smallholders in two Indonesian villages, to experiment with various elements of the system and test the user experience.

This user acceptance test proved very successful, reaching nearly 22,000 farmers over three weeks via social networking.

The digital first’ approach of mFarmer significantly reduces cost per contact in reaching smallholder farmers.

We are now starting to deploy mFarmer in our supply chain, with plans to expand into other markets and crops.

Helping smallholder farmers and their communities increase yields sustainably is key to our strategy.

But our programmes increasingly address other barriers to smallholders' growth too.

Symrise, the German Development Agency GIZ and NGO Save the Children aims to improve livelihoods by supporting vanilla smallholders and the wider community.

Region by 2019 by increasing access to fair financial services, providing community education on health, hygiene and child protection, as well as helping farmers improve their agricultural and business skills.

An inclusive approach across the USLP Our holistic approach recognises that social, environmental and commercial progress are all interconnected.

This relationship is reflected across other sections of this report.

All of these are central to our ambitions on sustainable sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

They also help us promote human rights ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace advancing human rights with suppliers and business partners ) and empower women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women ), and improve access to better hygiene and sanitation ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene ).

Tea: where we began Our tea brands such as Lipton, Brooke Bond and PG Tips have worked with tea growers and smallholders for generations.

Some of our most mature smallholder farmer programmes are in the tea sector.

These have consistently focused on sharing sustainable agriculture best practice, with the aim of improving yields and quality.

The programme enabled 86,000 lead farmers, including around 42,000 women, to access initiatives aiming to improve their agricultural practices.

We continue to expand the scope of our programmes within, and beyond, the drive to increase yields sustainably.

In 2017, we had more than 50 separate initiatives in tea worldwide, many in partnerships with NGOs and government stakeholders.

Each addresses issues relevant to the industry and the local market, with a range of objectives including increasing smallholders' incomes, improving health and sanitation, empowering women, supporting biodiversity and addressing climate change.

We describe some of these initiatives in the sustainable tea ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing sustainable tea leading the industry ) section of this report.

Many of our initiatives in tea have successfully used certification programmes to raise standards but they are not a one size fits all solution.

We implement our programmes with a variety of approaches, including working directly with individual smallholders and groups.

We apply the same adaptability across many sectors of our supply chain.

Certification plays a very important role in ensuring we do business with suppliers who have equal commitments in place on environmental and social sustainability.

At the same time, we need to focus on ensuring we have visibility of what happens in our supply chain through traceability initiatives and programmes that tackle specific issues on the ground.

Daleram Gulia is Unilever Procurement Manager, Sustainable Sourcing.

The first question smallholders ask is: 'can you help me on judicious use of pesticides ' Then they want to know about compliance, green leaf handling, how to improve quality...

Daleram works with our tea supply chain in India, where around half the country's tea production is grown by smallholders and where smallholder potential is being unlocked by trustea, a sustainability code devised by a cross sector alliance supported by the Indian tea industry and tailored to local conditions with global best practices delivered by our implementing partner Solidaridad.

Conditions for smallholders vary widely across the country, but overall the number of growers is increasing, says Daleram.

Often, smallholders are fragmented and dependent on green leaf agents to sell their green leaf.

That means we can reach them with soil management practices, training in sustainable agriculture, and a wide range of professional techniques so we can guide them towards compliance with trustea's code requirements.

So far, trustea has successfully verified 37,500 smallholder farmers in India, accounting for 43% of Indian tea.

For Unilever, that means more knowledge about who is growing our tea and how and greater assurance that the tea we sell meets mandatory criteria on wages, plant protection, safety, and pesticide use as per the Tea Board of India’s Plant Protection Code (PPC).

Smallholders can reduce their costs through judicious use of chemicals and fertilisers, and access to expertise on agricultural practices should make their farms more sustainable in the long term.

The importance of partnerships Even in sectors like tea, where we can bring our scale and influence to bear, we do not claim to be able to transform whole systems on our own.

Information is priceless, and many smallholders simply do not have enough access to it.

That could be farming information such as prices, best agricultural practices and routes to market.

But it could also be about hygiene, or diet, because disease and malnutrition are also barriers to smallholders' livelihoods and productivity.

Many smallholders, for example, sell their nutritious crops to buy starchy foods which feed their families but lack micronutrients.

That's why we're increasingly looking for ways to help them improve their diets and hygiene habits too.

Initiative (IDH). It began in a pilot in India, reaching 2,600 people in Tamil Nadu with a nine week behaviour change programme dedicated to encouraging more diverse diets and handwashing.

Women who participated in the programme reported a 41% increase in the variety of foods consumed, almost double the 24% increase in women who were not part of the programme.

The hygiene component saw 78% of tea growers washing their hands before lunch daily, compared with 51% of growers who did not participate in the programme.

We believe a business like ours has a commercial, as well as a moral, responsibility to explore initiatives like Seeds of Prosperity.

By building healthier communities, we make our supply chain more robust, both directly and indirectly.

Indeed, 98% of pilot participants said the programme was likely to positively affect their decision to stay with their tea estate or factory, which in turn increases farmers’ loyalty.

After promising results from the pilot, in 2017, the partnership began to replicate the programme in tea farming communities in Assam and Tamil Nadu as well as in Kenya and Malawi.

We aim to reach a further 300,000 people and are encouraging other businesses to help us scale the programme even further.

Working with smallholders on sustainable palm oil The majority of the palm oil we buy is grown in Malaysia and Indonesia the biggest producing countries worldwide.

Smallholder farmers play an important role in palm oil production.

They represent 40% of all palm oil production in South East Asia.

Many smallholder farmers face issues in productivity, profitability and sustainability.

These can include land tenure, poor agricultural practices and a lack of access both to finance for replanting and certification, and to sustainable markets.

We aim to support 25,000 farmers by sourcing or buying certificates directly from independent smallholders, and by working with NGO partners to help and incentivise smallholders to adopt sustainable management and agricultural practices.

Find out more about how we are transforming the palm oil industry ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ).

Smallholders working on family plots are an important part of palm oil production.

Together, they produce around 40% of the global supply.

This in turn can drive deforestation and loss of biodiversity as they seek new land to cultivate.

In 2017, we worked with partners on a pioneering new approach to help independent smallholders in Indonesia produce more oil and generate higher incomes while having a lower environmental impact.

Sometimes known as a 'jurisdictional approach', we prefer to think of it as creating 'sustainable villages'.

It is a way of working with communities of smallholders and local government to increase yields and prevent deforestation within a set geographical area, while assuring us of a sustainable source of palm oil.

In October, our programme helped 190 independent smallholders of the village's KUD Tani Subur farmer cooperative achieve RSPO certification the first cooperative in Kalimantan to do so.

Alongside sustainable palm cultivation, the cooperative involves an integrated livestock farm and a fish farm, so that palm by products such as fronds are used in feed for livestock, cow manure is used for fertiliser for the oil palms, and palm oil mill effluent is used in fish feed.

This integrated model gives farmers an opportunity to earn additional income, while the support of the district and provincial government helps monitor farming and combat deforestation.

Penelitian Inovasi Bumi (INOBU) has directly helped 253 independent smallholders achieve certification in 2017.

If it continues to succeed, we aim to scale it up to reach as many as 12,000.

We do not claim to have all the answers when it comes to addressing sustainability issues in our agricultural supply chain nor the issues facing the smallholder farmers we depend on.

But we know that the status quo is not sustainable and that more change at a systems level is needed.

For our future work with smallholders, this means broadening out our activities beyond improving agricultural practices, to include strategic and enabling areas such as access to finance, income diversification and resilience to the effects of climate change.

Empowering small scale retailers for growth By building powerful connections with millions of small business owners and micro entrepreneurs, we're helping them boost their skills and incomes while driving our own reach and growth.

Selling with purpose Finding better ways to reach consumers is essential to our success.

It brings us closer to the billions of new and existing consumers who use our brands.

It also gives us the opportunity to make a positive difference to people and communities all over the world.

We want to ensure that people can enjoy the benefits of our products wherever they are.

In emerging markets, such as Asia and Africa, where there are around 3 billion rural consumers, developing innovative and effective distribution models is an enormous opportunity for growth.

Millions of men and women in our distribution network already earn some or all of their income by connecting us to our consumers.

The 'small scale retailers' who run independent stores, outlets and kiosks, or set up as micro entrepreneurs making sales in the streets or house to house.

They make a crucial contribution to their local communities, especially in developing markets.

And because they bring our products to millions of consumers every day, their success is directly linked with our own.

Realising potential together In our USLP, we set out our ambition to have a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods mapping our farmers programmes ) by improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods ) and improving the incomes of small scale retailers.

To achieve it, we're working on a range of initiatives that broaden and deepen the connection between small scale retailers and our business, helping them build their capacity and addressing the barriers that currently hold them back, such as limited market information, access to credit, and a lack of business or financial management skills.

At the same time as helping to unlock the potential of existing small scale retailers, we're empowering new entrepreneurs to improve their livelihoods while helping us reach new consumers, through initiatives that support women, young people, and the long term unemployed.

Workplace ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace ), and delivering improvements in water and sanitation ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene ).

Better connections, better lives and better business Our aim is to drive inclusive growth at scale.

This means understanding who our small scale retailers are and what's important to them, and working with them to find ways to address the challenges they face.

The knowledge and insights we've gathered over many years of working with small scale retailers has helped us develop a range of training, designed to address those challenges and help people unlock their potential.

That includes training in business and retailing capabilities, including basics on how to operate in an increasingly tech based market training in financial literacy and access to credit that helps people expand their businesses and improve their income and basic training on hygiene, sanitation and nutrition, which helps sellers meet their shoppers’ needs as well as improve their own families’ livelihoods.

At the same time, technology and data are transforming the way we connect with our distribution network, as well as how businesses and individuals within it connect with consumers.

Through our new data systems, including LeverEDGE, we're understanding more than ever how our retailers' businesses operate and working with them on opportunities to increase sales.

For any small retailer, selling out of a product line is a missed opportunity.

If you can't sell your customer what they want, they'll either make no purchase at all, or go to your competitor.

But for retailers who are stuck in cash economies without access to credit, especially in the developing world, running out of stock can be a routine event.

Why does this matter Because it’s holding back growth.

Entrepreneurs who would like to transform their businesses and the contribution they make to their economy are constrained.

And we're missing out on an opportunity too because we rely on them to sell our brands.

Our strategic partnership with Mastercard (https: www.mastercard.us en us.html) in Kenya uses a combination of innovative technology, targeted training, and the strength of our relationships with our distribution network to free retailers from these constraints and fulfil their potential.

By digitising the processes of buying supplies and selling goods, small scale retailers will build the credentials they need to get access to low interest credit.

As well as getting better control of their inventory, so they can keep their shelves full and meet consumer demand, the retailers are also able to access training and essential financial tools to help them grow their sales and incomes.

Since its launch in 2017, retailers in the Kenya programme have seen an increase in sales of 11%.

It is early days but if it keeps succeeding, we believe it could help us have real impact.

Many of these are held back by limited market information, poor access to credit and a lack of financial management skills.

If we can help small retail entrepreneurs grow beyond their current financial limitations and bring our sustainable products to more consumers, it could help transform economies in emerging markets and drive our growth.

Sharing the knowledge that can drive our growth A shop, a store, a kiosk, a mini market they have many different names, but we know that all small retail outlets have something in common: they, and the people who own and work in them, are key to our ambitions.

So far, we have reached more than 1.6 million small scale retailers with initiatives designed to help them make their stores more efficient, competitive and attractive to consumers.

These initiatives help them boost their sales while helping us ensure that our brands are more available, better displayed, and priced at the recommended retail price and marketed optimally.

They include training in business practices and, through our brands, can help promote better health and sanitation for store owners and their families, as well as for their customers.

Sharing knowledge is at the heart of our approach and we're developing new ways to do it.

In 2018, we will launch a fully integrated learning platform across our business to help small scale retailers access training and support more easily, online, offline or on mobile.

It is designed to help more small scale retailers access the skills and expertise that could help them grow.

It takes drive, resilience and entrepreneurial spirit to be a small independent retailer qualities that are hugely valuable to us as part of our distribution chain.

But many small retailers lack access to the training, modern trading practices and professional skills that would enable them to take those qualities, and their businesses, to the next level.

Between 2015 and 2017, over 87,000 owners have accessed detailed training and advice on how to set up, run, and grow their businesses at our Kabisig summits, which bring together new and established store owners to share knowledge and build relationships.

Negosyo mo, kinabukasan mo or Your business, your future.

A key element of Kabisig lies in making connections between us and our retailers, but also among retailers themselves.

The programme is run alongside our Super Store initiative which works with bigger, established stores who each act as wholesalers for up to 120 Kabisig partners.

Around nine out of ten mom and pop store owners are women, and the stores help support hundreds of thousands of household members.

That means the opportunity to enhance livelihoods and to grow business is huge.

This shows that helping others build their businesses, helps build ours.

Serving hard to reach consumers Billions of people live in small towns and villages that are spread out over large geographic areas, often with poor infrastructure and populations too low to sustain many retailers.

In some developing cities, too, retail systems are still growing, and do not cover the full population.

At the same time, economic opportunities in these places are often limited, especially for women.

That's why we're working on 'inclusive distribution' models.

That is, ways to create opportunities for people to grow their incomes while helping us connect with these hard to reach consumers.

Engaging small scale retailers or entrepreneurs in selling is one way of getting our products to consumers in these hard to reach places.

We provide job opportunities by recruiting and training people, and supporting them with extended credit, marketing, sales and accounting training, and sometimes with equipment.

We're also focused on improving their and our channels to reach those consumers, including through digital.

Our Shakti programme in India is one of our best established and successful models, designed to empower women entrepreneurs through access to training and support, as they in turn empower our business.

Around 77,000 women from poor rural communities are now part of our Shakti distribution network, bringing our brands to hard to reach consumers while generating incomes for themselves and their communities.

Ethiopia, Egypt, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Haiti and Colombia.

It can also involve exploring ways to professionalise the model further, using technology and working with partners and investors to enhance our positive social and business impact.

Our inclusive business models are creating opportunities to address a broad suite of social impact needs financial inclusion, skills development and training, and even behaviour change.

But there’s still so much ground to cover, which is why we are actively working with others to innovate, cost share and multiply our impact.

Over the last year, in addition to expanding the Shakti business model to new territories, we have been collaborating with partners to further professionalise our inclusive distribution practice and develop innovative approaches to scale.

Unilever and other producers, choosing from a catalogue that includes staples and nutritious foods.

The model, which currently includes 175 women in Ethiopia, is based on market surveys and our work with our partners on addressing the barriers to achieving scale and impact in rural distribution networks.

It is at an early stage, but the project aims to create income opportunities for a network of women micro entrepreneurs while improving affordability and access to essential household products.

Spreading happiness in communities We are the world’s largest ice cream company, selling our brands in over 40 countries and always looking for ways to grow our business sustainably.

One way we improve our ability to reach consumers while having a positive impact on the communities we work in is through our micro entrepreneur programme, I'm Wall's.

This initiative gives brands, including Wall’s, OLA, Good Humor, Algida and Kibon, new ways to sell our products that also generates jobs and opportunities.

The I’m Wall’s programme has a mission to build happier communities' and create jobs for 100,000 people worldwide by 2020.

Recruiting unskilled people who may have been traditionally excluded from the workplace due to their lack of skills.

Employing young people as interns during the summer months, providing credible experience as they step into the job market.

Investing in building soft skills such as sales and shopper management, customer service, problem solving and helping to build self confidence.

In 2017, I'm Wall's continued to employ micro entrepreneurs across 25 countries, plus seven markets in Europe, including Finland, Italy, Poland, the UK and the Netherlands, as well as Spain and Portugal.

Asia and South East Asia, which are our biggest markets for mobile vendors.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Helping young entrepreneurs We want to help more young people benefit from our business.

We provide training to enable them to work in the agricultural sector, as well as in our distribution channels.

We have a business need to increase the participation of young entrepreneurs in our value chain.

Supplies of agricultural raw materials for our business will be threatened if new farmers are not brought into the farming sector.

As we grow our business, we will also need more people to distribute our brands to customers and consumers.

This will help to create jobs and combat high youth unemployment, as well as provide young people with an opportunity to share in the wealth that our operations generate.

Through our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we have set a target to train and enable young people to participate in the agricultural business sector and in the distribution channels of our brands to market.

So far, we have focused our efforts largely through our supply chain, procurement and customer development activities.

A number of our programmes benefit young people directly.

Philippines are young adults, principally women entrepreneurs who have set up community stores.

The summits are designed to help these small scale retailers access the skills and expertise and in doing so improve their incomes through training in stock control, financial management, sales techniques and customer service.

Other initiatives are designed specifically with young people in mind.

Below are some more examples of the initiatives we’ve developed to support young people and young entrepreneurs.

Creating a youth led micro distribution network in Egypt Safeer is a key sustainability programme for Unilever in Egypt.

Unilever products in the top 1,000 villages in Egypt which otherwise would be too expensive for the Unilever salesforce to reach.

The majority of the salesmen were previously unemployed, but all share a drive to succeed as independent micro distributors.

By providing access to microfinance to buy initial stock, as well as motorbikes to enable transport to rural areas, the young men learn how to maximise their sales, and subsequently their income.

There are currently around 480 Safeer salesmen who generate sales of around 150 million Egyptian pounds.

In Madagascar, we are part of a strategic alliance to support vanilla smallholders, and the wider community, with our supplier Symrise, the German development agency GIZ and NGO Save the Children.

The aim of the development partnership is to increase livelihoods by increasing access to fair financial services, providing community education on health, hygiene and child protection, as well as helping farmers improve their agricultural and business skills.

The programme is also targeting young people to help break the inter generational transfer of poverty by providing a platform for exploring career opportunities and for accessing skills development, ensuring that future generations are actively engaged and participating in the development of their communities.

To date, the partnership has founded three agricultural colleges, with an additional two new colleges planned in remote rural areas.

It has also produced a curriculum for literacy and numeracy catch up’ classes, working in collaboration with the local education ministry, which will be offered to young people who have missed out on vital schooling.

In addition, Youth Committees have been established and are active in 36 villages, with over 400 members.

These committees are providing a forum for young people to access skills development and vital services, such as leadership training and sexual and reproductive health information, and to discuss and raise concerns about the issues affecting their lives.

Driving growth and helping unemployed youth in Bangladesh For over a decade, Unilever Bangladesh has pioneered an initiative to recruit unemployed young people to help sell our brands across rural regions of Bangladesh where there is no direct coverage.

The initiative, called Pollydut, has become not only a major contributor to Unilever Bangladesh’s growth but also a model of sustainable rural distribution.

Previously unemployed young men are supported to set up as outreach salespersons through the provision of a bicycle or tricycle vans which serve as mobile shops, and access to microfinance to purchase initial stock.

Similar to the Shakti initiative in neighbouring India, Pollydut makes affordable Unilever products available to people living in rural villages and enhances the livelihood of those participating in the initiative.

Starting with 600 unemployed youth, by 2017 there were around 1,300 young people active in the initiative, enabling Unilever to reach over 115,000 new retail outlets.

Pollydut is helping Unilever Bangladesh to grow faster and is now contributing 5.5% of annual revenue.

In turn it is helping participants in the Pollydut initiative to enjoy a better livelihood as a result of the commission that they are now earning from the sale of Unilever products.

Creating sharing wealth Our business makes a significant contribution to societies and economies around the world, generating equitable wealth and jobs, improving people's lives through our brands, transferring technology, and training and developing people.

Creating value through our business Our products are sold in more than 190 countries, generating income and employment for retailers and distributors who bring our brands to consumers.

We also create value for suppliers in 2017 we purchased 34 billion of goods and services.

Taxes pay for the public goods and services that benefit each one of us, and effective taxation is the foundation of healthy societies.

Total taxes borne by Unilever in 2017 were 3.9 billion, of which 2.2 billion was corporation tax.

Unilever interprets its tax obligations in a responsible way.

Distribution of value added The chart below shows how the value added was distributed among different stakeholders for 2016 the latest available date at the time of publication.

Charitable donations made up the remaining 5% of spend.

In terms of contribution by type (including management costs of 4%), 72% was from cash contributions, 22% was in kind and 2% was employee time.

Our reporting of community investment is aligned with the LBG methodology for corporate community investment.

Land Use Livelihoods Health Well being and Women’s Empowerment.

Measuring socio economic impacts Over the past 15 years we have conducted a number of quantitative and qualitative studies to evaluate the social and economic impact of our business.

Unilever's economic 'footprint' demonstrates the value of large corporations to the country, the economy and the broader society.

Management (CIEM) in Vietnam (PDF 841KB) ( Images sd exploring the links between international businesses and socio economic developmen of vietnam a case study of unilever vietnam 2009_tcm244 409773_en.pdf).

CIEM, who was the team leader of the research, concluded that Unilever has proven you can successfully incorporate a social agenda into a company's business agenda, helping to contribute positively to the socio economic development of the country.

Vietnamese operations as its main case study and made six recommendations for our business.

There were based around supporting workers’ livelihoods, providing human rights training within the organisation, implementing more ways in which workers can raise areas of concern, and working closely with suppliers and partners to ensure standards are met.

We reviewed our Vietnamese supply chain in the light of the recommendations.

In 2016, Oxfam published 'Labour Rights in Vietnam: Unilever's progress and systemic challenges (http: policy practice.oxfam.org.uk publications labour rights in vietnam unilevers progress and systemic challenges 614926).

This documented our work since 2011 in improving conditions for workers in Vietnam.

The Oxfam report is the latest in a series of studies on our operations, beginning in Indonesia in 2004.

Reduction: A case study of Unilever in Indonesia’ (https: policy practice.oxfam.org.uk publications exploring the links between international business and poverty reduction a case 112492) found that our local businesses make a significant contribution to the local economy through jobs and economic activity, while highlighting that we could do more to enhance our impact, for example on poverty, employee skills development and small scale suppliers.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Our strategy for sustainable growth Unilever has been a purpose driven company from its origins.

Today, our purpose is simple but clear to make sustainable living commonplace.

We are living in an increasingly uncertain and volatile world.

Temperatures are rising, droughts are more frequent, food supplies are increasingly scarce, the gap between rich and poor is growing and billions still do not have access to basic hygiene and sanitation.

These challenges are compounded as the global population continues to expand.

We see first hand how people the world over are already affected by these changes which pose new challenges for us: fluctuating commodity prices, unstable markets and a shortage of sustainable raw materials.

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) which seek to tackle 17 of world’s most urgent challenges will create market opportunities of at least 12 trillion a year.

Businesses that thrive in the future will be those that serve society today.

The Plan is helping us to drive more profitable growth for our brands, save costs, mitigate risk and build trust among our stakeholders.

We know that the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by one company alone.

So we’re also working to help transform the system in which business is done.

By being part of the solution to challenges, businesses have the opportunity to win the trust of consumers while helping create societies and economies in which they can grow and succeed.

We are growing our business by integrating sustainability into our strategy, inspiring our people and building purpose led brands.

About our strategy We believe that sustainable and equitable growth is the only way to create long term value for our stakeholders.

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan at the heart of our business model.

Driven by our purpose vision We have a clear purpose to make sustainable living commonplace and a vision to grow our business while decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing our positive social impact.

We want to help create a world where everyone can live well within the natural limits of the planet.

We’re putting sustainable living at the heart of everything we do including through our brands and products, our standards of behaviour within and beyond Unilever, and our partnerships which are driving transformational change across our value chain.

However volatile and uncertain the world becomes, Unilever’s purpose and vision will remain because we believe that managing for the long term is the best way for us to grow.

Find out more about how we create value (PDF 433KB) ( Images 2495 how we create value 100418_tcm244 521463_en.pdf).

Our blueprint for sustainable growth The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) provides the detailed blueprint for how we will achieve sustainable growth, while delivering our purpose and vision.

It covers all aspects of our business, incorporates all our brands and Divisions, and covers every country we work in.

It aims to create change across our value chain from our operations, to our sourcing and the way consumers use our products.

And it is designed to drive profitable growth and fuel innovation, in the right way, so that all our stakeholders benefit.

The Plan, launched in 2010, is built around three big goals and nine pillars.

Our strategic priorities were identified through a materiality analysis.

To check these are still the right priorities, we conduct a materiality analysis ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ) every two years.

For each goal, we have detailed targets and metrics.

Find out more about our performance on the relevant pillars pages.

Goal: By 2020 we will help more than a halve the environmental enhance the livelihoods billion people take footprint of the making and of millions of people as action to improve their use of our products as we we grow our business. health and well being. grow our business.

We have long known that growth and sustainability are not in conflict and we now have evidence to prove this.

Our four point framework shows how the USLP drives value for our business.

Transformational change beyond our business We are aware that the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by one company alone.

We are changing ourselves as a business, but we also want to help transform the system in which business is done.

We’ll do this by acting as catalysts for change more broadly as conveners to facilitate progressive discussion and bring others together, and as collaborators in partnerships to deliver positive business, social and environmental impact at scale.

By being part of the solution to challenges, businesses have the opportunity to win the trust of consumers while helping create societies and economies in which they can grow and succeed.

Our multi stakeholder approach enables us to understand the challenges preventing society and our ecosystems from thriving, and helps us find ways to begin addressing them.

We engage shareholders, governments, NGOs and civil society organisations, and shape the business landscape through advocacy.

By leveraging partnerships, blended (public private) finance, digital and new business models, we believe transformational change is possible.

They are fundamental to future economic and business growth.

The Business Sustainable Development Commission, co founded by Unilever, concluded that successful delivery of the SDGs will create market opportunities of at least 12 trillion a year.

We are working across many of the SDGs through the USLP.

In doing so, we are unlocking new markets and investing in brands with purpose and innovation.

The interdependence and mutuality of the goals ensures that progress against one, leads to progress against others.

Find out about our approach to SDGs ( sustainable living our strategy un sustainable development goals ) and how we are taking action on the them, throughout our Sustainable Living Report ( sustainable living our sustainable living report hub ).

We’re still learning We’ve had some great results from our Sustainable Living Plan.

We know it contributes to business growth as we see consumers choosing our brands with purpose such as Hellmann’s, Ben Jerry’s, Dove and Omo.

We’ve also learnt a lot about what does and doesn’t work, and we’ll keep making changes to get things right.

One of our biggest challenges is our ability to influence change outside our business, where we don’t have direct control.

However, the GHG impact of our products per consumer use has increased by 9% since 2010.

We’ve updated our GHG strategy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases ) to reflect what we’ve learnt.

We are continually looking for new ideas and ways to influence our wider value chain.

We know that collaboration with others holds the key to tackling many sustainability challenges and we will be focusing even more on this in the years ahead.

Our transformational change initiatives will help to bring about the systems change needed to address some of the most complex social and environmental problems.

We are always finding new ways to engage our people on sustainability and to harness their passion to achieve our goals.

One particular area of focus is helping our employees find their own our purpose so that they can fulfil their potential.

Bringing Sustainability to Life’ is one of the six key business skills addressed in our learning programmes with our employees.

We integrate sustainability into existing training and create bespoke courses to develop employees’ capabilities and understanding of how sustainability applies to their role.

Our employee sustainability champions in key functions, Divisions and countries, help engage employees on sustainability, support our leadership teams to identify local priorities and review progress quarterly against our targets.

Have Your Say’ survey the biggest consultation of employees on the future of the business that Unilever has ever conducted.

Leadership will be critical in the delivery of Unilever’s purpose and in our performance over the coming years.

Our leadership programmes will nurture the purpose driven and values led leaders that Unilever, and our world, need today.

Leadership Development Programme (ULDP) as the vehicle to help our executives to discover their purpose, and to use this to guide them in their decisions and careers.

Our recently refreshed General Manager (GM) programme helps equip our GMs with the mindset to develop innovative, sustainable and inclusive business models to achieve responsible growth.

GMs play a key role in creating the right conditions for delivering the USLP as they have oversight of our markets and commercial operations.

GlobeScan SustainAbility Sustainability Leaders survey we’ve retained our top ranking for seven consecutive years.

Helping our people drive sustainable growth To achieve real change we need to create a movement for sustainable growth within Unilever.

We seek out new ways to engage our people on sustainability and to harness their passion to achieve our goals.

We focus on learning and development to build capability, knowledge and leadership to help them fulfil their potential.

Sustainable Living brands helps our business build brands with purpose and we promote sustainable innovation through tools and scorecards.

Purpose driven leadership development Leadership will be critical in the delivery of Unilever’s purpose and in our performance over the coming years.

Our leadership programmes will nurture the purpose driven and values led leaders Unilever, and our world, need today.

Our leadership programmes develop our senior leaders to be purpose driven individuals.

Our UL2020 programme, for example, helps develop leaders with the insight and imagination to anticipate the challenges and opportunities of 2020 and beyond.

Leaders work on Purpose to Impact initiatives (PIIs), developing practical solutions to socio economic problems that generate profit and growth and help us advance on our USLP goals.

The programme is guided by global experts and focus areas have included reducing food waste, empowering women and reducing deaths from mosquito borne diseases.

Our recently refreshed General Manager (GM) programme helps equip our GMs with the mind set to develop innovative, sustainable and inclusive business models to achieve responsible growth.

GMs play a key role in creating the right conditions for delivering the USLP.

Leadership Development Programme (ULDP) as the vehicle to help our executives to discover their purpose and to use this to guide them in their decisions and careers.

During 2016 we ran a number of pilots across the UKI, Indonesia and the Nordics to see if we could support lower levels of management to have the same experience of discovering the power of purpose.

Learning and engagement on sustainability We integrate sustainability into existing training and create bespoke courses to develop employees’ capabilities and understanding of how sustainability applies to their role.

Bringing Sustainability to Life’ is one of the six key Business Skills addressed in our learning programmes.

In 2016, we developed a series of short animations to help new joiners understand the USLP from their first day in Unilever.

Our Learning Hub, which hosts all our learning content in one place, enables employees to access training whenever and wherever they need it.

We are starting to give colleagues in our acquired businesses and joint ventures access to the Hub, enabling us to reach a wider audience.

Our Sustainable Business and Communications (SB C) function supports Unilever’s sustainable growth ambitions.

Our SB C Academy helps equip them with the knowledge, insights and capabilities they need to do this well.

It includes courses and coaching on themes such effective partnerships as well as learning sessions on topics such as the circular economy and carbon reduction.

Our employee sustainability champions in key functions, divisions and countries help engage employees on sustainability, support our leadership teams to identify local priorities and review progress quarterly against our targets.

We link progress on sustainable business goals to remuneration for a growing number of managers, including our CEO and several members of the Unilever Leadership Executive.

Developing our Sustainable Living brands Our Sustainable Living brands inspire employees take action on sustainability at a brand level.

These brands combine a strong purpose delivering a social or environmental benefit, with products contributing to at least one of our USLP goals.

In 2015 we had 12 Sustainable Living brands which grew 30% faster than the rest of the business and delivered nearly half our growth.

In 2016 the number of Sustainable Living brands in our top 40 brands rose to 18, and they again grew faster than the rest of the business this time by 50%.

Combined, they delivered more than 60% of Unilever’s growth in 2016.

See Embedding sustainability ( sustainable living our strategy embedding sustainability ) for more.

Our Sustainable Business team supports our top 40 brands on integrating sustainability through workshops, how to toolkits’ and best practice guidance.

External partnerships bring the latest thinking into the business to help and inspire our brands.

For example, our partnership with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation encourages innovation around the Circular Economy.

Encouraging sustainable innovation Our Chief R D Officer and R D teams have a target to increase the contribution to business growth and innovation made by sustainable living products, those that improve health, well being or nutrition, reduce environmental impacts or use sustainably sourced ingredients.

GHG emissions, Waste, Water and Sustainable sourcing and see whether the mix is the same, better or worse against a comparison product.

Results from the tool are linked to our Innovation Project Management (IPM) system for review by senior leaders.

Product sustainability is tracked through category scorecards which are reviewed quarterly by our Global Division Leadership Teams (GDLT). These show overall performance against USLP targets for that category and the sustainability performance of the 10 highest value projects and which projects are delivering the most impact.

Our biggest innovation projects are managed through the GDLTs with each project having to secure approval before progressing.

Spotlight brightFuture creating an employee movement for sustainable growth brightFuture is our employee engagement programme across all our markets that brings our purpose to life for our employees.

It’s about demonstrating how everything we do as a business and as individuals, can deliver sustainable growth.

Throughout the year we create opportunities for our people to experience what sustainable growth looks like in practice through our brands.

As a result, they’re our story tellers talking to friends and family about how we’re creating a brighter future and building advocates inside and outside the organisation.

Dove Day Over 3,000 employees ran Dove self esteem workshops in schools in 37 countries, helping more than 30,000 young people worldwide.

Dove Day is a great opportunity to live and experience the USLP first hand.

It is a very gratifying experience to see that with a small action you can help some children to improve their self esteem.

Global Handwashing Day Over 5,000 employees visited schools to teach children the healthy habit of washing their hands with soap.

World Food Day Our employees went out to their local communities setting up soup kitchens, volunteering in foodbanks, packing food parcels for those less fortunate helping donate over 85,000 meals in addition to the 1 million donated by our Knorr brand.

It’s opportunities like these that make our employees feel they play a part and contribute to our purpose of making sustainable living commonplace.

UN Sustainable Development Goals Our scale and reach mean we’re well placed to both contribute to and benefit from the SDGs.

But today, our current form of capitalism is leaving too many people behind.

The gap between the haves and the have nots is rising, the planet is under severe strain, and trust in business is at an all time low.

Many are arguing that a more inclusive form of capitalism is sorely needed.

We believe that it is not possible to achieve long term business success in a world which contains poverty, hunger and climate change.

But can business really help drive a reboot of the current system At Unilever, we think the answer is 'yes'.

An action plan for the world The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), launched by the United Nations in 2015, are an excellent vehicle for driving this change.

They represent an action plan for the planet and society to thrive by 2030 addressing poverty, hunger and climate change, among other issues central to human progress and sustainable development, such as gender equality, clean water and sanitation, and responsible consumption and production.

We contributed to the development of the SDGs, recognising their strategic importance both to our business and the world and we're committed to helping achieve them.

Development, including 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

A new way of doing business We have long recognised that the only acceptable business model for Unilever is one in which the planet and society thrive.

That’s why in 2010, well before the SDGs came into being, we launched the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) our blueprint for sustainable growth which responds to the challenges and opportunities of an increasingly resource constrained and unequal world.

Our vision for a new way of doing business one that delivers growth by serving society and the planet is strongly aligned with the SDGs. By inspiring every brand, in every country, to make a positive social impact and reduce our environmental footprint, the USLP harnesses our scale and influence to help bring about a better world.

The size of the prize This isn’t capitalism with compromise.

By using our resources as a business to address issues such as nutrition, sanitation, hygiene, and climate change, we are delivering short term and long term benefits for shareholders as well as society.

We're convinced that achieving the SDGs will be good for the global economy, and for business in general.

An unstoppable force Companies have a once in a lifetime opportunity to embrace the SDGs as a driver of business growth.

If they fail to get behind systems change and the kind of inclusive capitalism laid out by the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the costs and uncertainty of doing business will swell.

On the other hand, if a critical mass of companies joins the movement for system change, it will create an unstoppable force.

But we are on the journey and hope that many other companies will also seize the opportunities that the SDGs present.

Business cannot thrive in the long term unless the world makes progress towards the SDGs. For us, that means applying an SDG lens to every aspect of strategy: appointing the right leaders, innovating to create sustainable solutions, marketing products and services that inspire consumers to make sustainable choices, and using the goals to guide leadership development and women’s empowerment at every level.

The pathway to 2030 To achieve the goals, and benefit from them, we know the transformation has to begin with ourselves.

Many of the goals of the USLP are closely related to the SDGs and so action on the USLP contributes to the SDGs.

In our latest Sustainable Living Report ( sustainable living our sustainable living report hub ) we have shown where the strongest connections are, and where we are making the biggest contribution.

It’s a start and we aim to move to more in depth reporting on SDGs in the future.

At the same time, we know that the actions of a single business acting alone will not create the systemic change that's needed to achieve the vision set out by the SDGs.

So, alongside our USLP, we're working on global and local partnerships that aim to transform current business models to address poverty, inequality and environmental challenges.

Rebecca Marmot, Global Vice President, Advocacy and Partnerships, explains how SDG17 is the key that will unlock progress for all other SDGs.

Transformational change requires transformational partnerships.

That means new ways of doing business not just for us, but for everyone who wants to see the vision of the SDGs become a reality.

They are a universal agenda with 17 inter connected goals.

Progress in one goal can both depend on and unlock progress in another and interconnected goals require an interconnected approach.

Business, governments and civil society all have a role to play, through innovative partnerships, with new types of funding multi sector, multi stakeholder, blending public and private.

There's a good reason why partnerships for the goals are themselves an SDG Goal 17.

By aiming to enable 100 million people in sub Saharan Africa and Asia to gain access to products and services that have been shown to improve health, livelihoods, the environment or wellbeing, it addresses a wide range of SDGs.

These interconnections can be found throughout our work.

For instance, empowering women in our value chain by challenging gender norms and unlocking women's personal and economic potential is a key strategic priority for us.

Our efforts directly address gender equality (SDG5), as well as other SDGs such as alleviating poverty (SDG1) and hunger (SDG2), good health and wellbeing (SDG3), and decent work and economic growth (SDG8).

We use the power of our brands to communicate about the issues the SDGs are tackling, such as Domestos on ending open defecation, Pureit on access to clean drinking water and Lifebuoy on the importance of handwashing to combat disease and diarrhoea.

Of course, creating system level change can be challenging but we're seeing real progress, and our business is growing as a result.

And ensuring that vision is translated to the streets, businesses and fields where people spend their daily lives, means there is a huge implementation job to be done.

Of course, while the SDGs are a multi stakeholder agenda, the targets were designed with nation states and supra national bodies in mind.

Much of that work must be led by governments and agencies such as the UN.

As countries around the world seek to align their policies with the SDGs, business needs to be part of the conversation and part of the solution.

Bangladesh, describes the opportunity for greater impact when private, public and non governmental agencies all align to achieve the SDGs.

When it comes to making progress against the SDGs, there are few countries in the world that can match Bangladesh.

Of course, Bangladeshis still face many, many challenges.

NGOs, who have been key to combating poverty and unlocking potential.

At the same time, the government's five year economic plan is specifically aligned with, and tracked against, the SDGs.

Then there is the private sector including Unilever.

We have a long history of achieving positive social impact in Bangladesh, which gives us a real platform to make a difference.

Do we want to do more, and align more closely with the public and third sector efforts Yes and there’s undoubtedly more work to do to bring them together.

But as the UNDP partnership shows, businesses such as ours have a real role to play in bringing together the kind of multi stakeholder approaches that are needed to achieve the SDGs.

The difference we're making Unilever is one of the world’s leading consumer goods companies, making and selling around 400 brands.

Every day, 2.5 billion people use our products in more than 190 countries.

In 2017, we mapped the SDGs to the nine pillars of the USLP with 14 having a strong and direct link.

Further information on how we are taking action on these SDGs can be found throughout our Sustainable Living Report ( sustainable living our sustainable living report hub ).

For completeness, we have outlined our contribution to all SDGs below.

While the global poverty rate has halved since 2000, 800 million people worldwide continue to live below the international poverty line of 1.90 a day.

We know that our future success relies on growing economies and a widening consumer base.

There is simply no business case for the alternative: enduring poverty.

Our products are sold in more than 190 countries, generating income and employment for retailers and distributors who bring our brands to consumers.

We have an opportunity to increase millions of people's economic opportunities and enhance their livelihoods while strengthening our own sales and supply networks.

Inclusive distribution models including Shakti in India and our retailer training programmes such as Kabisig in the Philippines are designed to unlock potential by enabling women, in particular, to boost their incomes while increasing the reach of our sales networks and supporting our growth.

Around 800 million people are undernourished globally and an estimated 155 million children under five years old are stunted.

Hunger at these levels, in a world where one third of food is never eaten, is a humanitarian and economic crisis malnutrition has lasting effects on the development of individuals and societies.

Our vision is of Sustainable Nutrition ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition sustainable nutrition ) foods and refreshment that taste good, feel good and are a force for good.

Through brand programmes such as Knorr's partnerships with the World Food Programme and others, we're aiming to provide more than 200 billion servings with at least one of the five key micronutrients by 2022.

Nutrition for all when we work with others to help transform the global food system.

Forum’s New Vision for Agriculture and the SDG2 Advocacy Hub, to build public awareness and advocate food system reform.

Sustainable Nutrition means minimising food waste from farm ( sustainable living improving health and well being improving nutrition reducing our environmental impact in foods and refreshment ) to fork.

We’ve committed to halving food waste by 2025 and have signed a commitment to switch to a standardised system of food expiry dates by 2020.

Despite major advances in recent decades, millions of people die each year from preventable causes.

These deaths often occur disproportionately in the world's developing regions.

The lack of safe water, sanitation and hygiene, for example, contributes to the deaths of more than 1.4 million children under five each year from diarrhoea and pneumonia (see also SDG6).

At the same time, ill health, whether mental or physical, can prevent individuals reaching their full potential, with a knock on effect on their communities and economies.

Many of our best known brands including Lifebuoy, Domestos and Signal are driving our USLP commitment to help more than 1 billion people take action to improve their health and wellbeing, reaching over 600 million people by 2017.

Domestos is working to improve access to sanitation through a combination of partnerships, market based models and advocacy.

Our safety ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace building a safer business ), health and wellbeing ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being ) programmes are helping to improve the health of our employees and those we work with.

HIV AIDS ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace improving employee health nutrition and well being tackling hiv aids ) in our workplaces in Africa, where the incidence of HIV at our sites is now below the average and the mortality rate has dropped by up to 50%.

Many of the targets of SDG4 focus on ensuring that people receive equal access to education throughout their lives.

This means eliminating gender disparities in education, among other barriers, and providing people with skills and training that contribute to sustainable development.

Using education to remove the barriers faced by people in their daily lives plays a huge role in the USLP and we see it as a critical element in our future growth.

Empowering women, in particular, is key to our future prosperity and the achievement of the SDGs.

Our programmes to support small scale retailers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business empowering small scale retailers for growth ) with training and skills which had reached 1.6 million people by 2017 include Shakti and Kabisig, which focus on unlocking the potential of women.

However, based on current trends, the World Economic Forum predicts that it will take 217 years for the workplace gender gap to close.

Addressing gender equality is a moral and economic imperative.

For Unilever, gender equality delivers tangible business benefits by widening the pool of experience and expertise across our supply chain and in our workforce.

Most of the people who buy our products are women, making this critical to our future growth.

Our brands are seizing the opportunity through education (see also SDG4) and programmes creating opportunities for women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women ).

We are also taking action within our business on gender equality ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women advancing diversity and inclusion ).

Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF 449KB) ( Images unilever framework for fair compensation 2015 final_tcm244 502647_en.pdf) is helping to ensure equal pay for equal work.

Across our distribution network and supply chain, we are supporting small scale retailers and smallholder farmers many of whom are women to extend our reach and secure supplies of vital agricultural raw materials, through programmes such as Shakti and Kabisig Summits ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business empowering small scale retailers for growth ) which are designed to unlock potential by enabling women to boost their incomes.

Nearly a billion people defecate in the open and around 2.5 billion people live without adequate sanitation.

Addressing water, sanitation and hygiene needs is a significant opportunity for Unilever.

Several of our brands directly address these needs through innovative partnerships which drive growth and deliver positive impact at scale.

Domestos ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene toilets for a better tomorrow ), which grew 10% in 2017, has committed to help 25 million people gain improved access to a toilet.

Through our partnership with UNICEF, over 10 million people between 2012 and 2016 gained access to a toilet through behaviour change interventions and capacity building initiatives contributing positively to consumer sentiment around the brand.

Pureit ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene providing safe drinking water ), our water purification business, is another brand that is well positioned to address clean water needs in India.

It has provided 96 billion litres of safe drinking water since 2005 through the sale of water purifiers, well on its way towards its ambition of providing 150 billion litres by 2020.

Lifebuoy ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life ) is the world’s number one antibacterial soap, sold in nearly 60 countries, which grew 6% in 2017.

It has championed the message of better health through hygiene for well over a century.

Since 2010, its programme has reached over 426 million people through schools, health clinics and community outreach boosting sales in countries with high rates of diarrhoea related child deaths, such as India.

Achieving SDG7 is, in part, about transitioning to a low carbon economy and we want our business to play a leading role.

That's why, in 2015, we set ourselves the bold ambition of becoming carbon positive ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) by 2030.

Since then, we’ve been making real progress, continuing our investments in energy efficiency and increasing our use of renewable energy across our factory network.

In 2017, we extended the scope of our target from manufacturing sites only to all operations including distribution centres, offices, R D laboratories and data centres.

In 2017, we met a third of our global energy needs from renewable sources.

We are also looking at ways to directly support the generation of more renewable energy than we consume, by making the surplus available to the markets and communities where we operate.

At the same time, we continue to work on using less energy per tonne of production.

Since 2008, we've reduced energy from our operations by over a quarter per tonne of production.

We want to build on the value ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business creating and sharing wealth ) we already create and share economically including the 5.4 billion we pay in wages, the 34 billion we spend annually on goods and services, and the 3.9 billion we pay in tax.

One of the most obvious ways a global business, such as Unilever, can contribute to the SDGs is by helping to stimulate economic growth, by growing our own business.

The USLP which is at the heart of our business model is explicitly designed to achieve sustainable growth.

As a fundamental principle, growth must not come at the expense of the planet or people especially vulnerable workers.

There are still between 20 40 million people working in forms of modern slavery worldwide and over 150 million children working when they should be in education.

This is unacceptable, as are any abuses of human rights.

We aim to use our influence over our own supply chains which connect us to millions of people, to advance and promote human rights wherever we operate.

Our Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf) details our progress.

Low carbon technologies, circular approaches and breakthrough business models can support enterprise and transform industries, especially in the developing world.

To succeed, we must nurture innovative technologies and new ways of doing business.

We're already exploring new business models that we believe have the potential to transform small scale retail using digital technology and the power of partnership to reach billions of consumers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business empowering small scale retailers for growth ) through innovative distribution systems, many of which provide new entrepreneurial opportunities for women ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods opportunities for women ).

Forging stronger connections with smallholder farmers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods ), through digital platforms such as mFarmer (http: mfarmer.co ), is key to our ambition of transforming the global food system.

As a manufacturer, of course, we contribute to this goal in other ways too.

Our ambition to become carbon positive ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) by 2030, for example, means we're investing in clean technologies, increasing our energy efficiency and switching to renewable energy sources.

We invest around 900 million in R D each year, and we hold a portfolio of more than 20,000 patents and patent applications.

The gap between the haves and the have nots is already too great and, in many places, it is growing, as wealth and opportunity are shared inequitably.

The USLP commits us to new ways of business that will contribute to equitable growth, a process that starts in our own workplace.

Policies (PDF 5MB) ( Images code of business principles and code policies_tcm244 409220_en.pdf) that prohibit discrimination, our Framework for Fair Compensation (PDF 449KB) ( Images unilever framework for fair compensation 2015 final_tcm244 502647_en.pdf) is designed to achieve equality of opportunity for all employees, and provide fair and liveable compensation.

We know that policies, while critical, are not enough in themselves.

Tackling inequalities means tackling the attitudes and stereotypes that sustain them as we're doing through our work to challenge harmful gender norms throughout our value chain.

Oxfam in 2017 that aims to expand choices for women and girls by recognising, reducing and redistributing the amount of time they spend on unpaid care work.

Our Unstereotype campaign, launched in 2016, challenged every one of our global brands to move away from unhelpful stereotypes in its advertising.

Unstereotype Alliance ( news press releases 2017 launch of unstereotype alliance set to eradicate outdated stereotypes in advertising.html), a partnership with UN Women and other businesses aimed at eliminating gender stereotypes from advertising altogether.

Around 5 billion people are expected to live in cities by 2030.

The rapid growth of cities has already brought enormous challenges, including slums, increased air pollution and inadequate sanitation.

Part of the answer lies with our health and hygiene ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene ) brands household names such as Lifebuoy, Domestos and Signal which produce everyday products such as soaps, toilet cleaners and toothpastes that help prevent diseases prevalent in cities lacking basic services.

Our USLP commitment is to help 1 billion people improve their health and hygiene and by 2017, we'd reached over 600 million people.

We can also make sure that our activities don't have a negative impact on the urban environment.

As a consumer goods company, we’re acutely aware of the causes and consequences of the take make dispose’ model of consumption.

The USLP is anchored on the need to decouple our business growth from our environmental impact including how our products are made and used.

An essential part of this is using resources more efficiently during the making of our products and we have set ourselves targets to significantly reduce our greenhouse gas emissions ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases ), water use ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use ) and waste ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ) associated with manufacturing.

Since 2008, we have cut CO2 from energy by 47%, water abstraction by 39% and total waste disposed by 98% per tonne of production.

While our efforts to use resources more efficiently in production are important, our biggest impacts come through the use of our products.

That’s why we have committed to ensure 100% of our plastic packaging will be designed to be fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025, leading the way towards a more circular plastics economy (see also SDG14) ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging rethinking plastic packaging ).

We are also working to reduce the water and GHG impacts of products through innovations such as SmartFoam technology which reduces water use when rinsing clothes.

These changes are necessary and they are also helping to drive business growth, because they connect with consumers.

Unilever’s Making Purpose Pay’ research shows that over 50% of consumers want to choose brands that are more sustainable, and that demand for sustainable products cuts across demographic and socio economic groups.

Few now seriously challenge the need for urgent action on climate change from greening the grid to eliminating deforestation.

Agreement, nearly 200 countries are pressing ahead with low carbon reforms, helping to open up around 23 trillion in opportunities for climate smart investments by 2030.

Investing to eliminate carbon emissions from our operations is the smart choice for Unilever, reducing costs and risk.

For example, our eco efficiency savings have avoided cumulative energy costs of over 490 million since 2008.

We have already increased the amount of energy purchased from renewable sources and aim to eliminate coal from our energy mix by 2020 with an ambition to become carbon positive ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) by 2030, making the surplus energy available to the markets and communities where we operate.

Unilever has long recognised the interdependency of climate and forests.

We helped lead the Consumer Goods Forum towards a zero deforestation commitment across four commodities, including palm oil.

We are tackling deforestation in the palm oil industry ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ) through our own sustainable palm oil commitment and partnerships.

We have committed to invest up to 25 million between 2018 and 2022 to support sustainable commodity projects via the Green fund.

Our investment will focus on smallholder palm oil farmers in Indonesia, thereby securing the supply of sustainable palm oil.

In support of enhanced disclosure of climate risk, Unilever has committed to implement the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure recommendations, including the impact of 2 C and 4 C global warming scenarios.

The root causes of ocean plastic are complex, but it is clear that urgent action is needed on multiple fronts.

One area of direct concern for Unilever is the fact that just 14% of the plastic packaging used globally makes its way to recycling plants, a third is left in fragile ecosystems and 40% ends up in landfill.

This begins by making it technically possible for all our plastic packaging to be reused or recycled but it also means demonstrating that there are established, proven examples of it being commercially viable for plastics re processors to recycle the material.

Sustainable Living Plan ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ) target of increasing the recycled plastic content in our packaging to 25% by 2025.

Deforestation is a particular threat, as forests support 80% of terrestrial biodiversity, and around 1.6 billion people worldwide depend on them for food, medicines, fuel, shelter, jobs and livelihoods.

As one of the world’s largest users of agricultural raw materials including tea, vegetables and vegetable oils such as palm and soy, we rely on the ecosystems in which crops are grown and on the prosperity of communities who are also reliant on these ecosystems.

So, the business case for protecting biodiversity is quite simple: without biodiversity, there is no business.

Yet agriculture is one of the biggest drivers of deforestation.

That means we need to change the way agriculture works.

USLP commitment to source our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

At the same time, we've joined others in our industry in a commitment to zero net deforestation associated with four commodities palm oil, soy, paper and board, and beef no later than 2020.

We have extended this commitment to our tea businesses and supply chains.

Our particular focus is on palm oil sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing transforming the palm oil industry ), where we have the scale to make a difference and where dedicated work with suppliers and smallholders is at the heart of our commitment to source 100% physically certified palm oil for our core volumes by 2019.

Peaceful and just societies are of course good for the people who live in them and they are also good for business, which flourishes when those around it succeed.

We have a shared responsibility to contribute to building and maintaining inclusive, sustainable societies where human rights and the rule of law are respected, and to act with integrity and within the law at all times, in accordance with our principles and values ( about who we are our values and principles ).

We aim to have a positive influence across our value chain, working with suppliers, distributors and all third parties to raise the bar on issues such as human rights, anti bribery and corruption.

Our commitment to advancing human rights ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods fairness in the workplace ) through our business is embedded in our USLP, supported by our transparent approach to reporting through our Sustainable Living Report ( sustainable living ) and our Human Rights Report (PDF 10MB) ( Images human rights progress report_tcm244 513973_en.pdf).

But we believe we have a further responsibility to show leadership where systemic change is needed.

In many parts of the world, for example, inequality is widening, labour rights worsening, and bribery and corruption still all too common.

Globally there is an increasingly vulnerable migrant workforce, potentially resulting in human trafficking and forced labour.

We have a clear duty to address these issues through partnership.

The social and environmental change required to meet the SDGs cannot be addressed by one business acting alone.

Zero hunger, zero poverty, climate action, eradicating modern slavery these are transformational goals, and they require transformational change, brought about by a concerted effort.

Business, governments and civil society all have a role to play.

We’re involved in a wide range of partnerships, which often include new types of funding and new ways of working, whether with fellow companies or with other agencies.

NGOs and others address issues ranging from water and sanitation, to sustainable sourcing, to improving health and nutrition.

With our products touching the lives of 2.5 billion people every day, even small changes to individual behaviour can make a big difference.

Why is behaviour change important to us Creating a sustainable future will require fundamental changes in attitudes and behaviours across society not just from governments and industry but individual citizens too.

As one of the world’s leading consumer goods companies, we are constantly researching the attitudes and needs of people around the world.

Our expertise in marketing and sustainability means that we can make a real contribution to inspiring and enabling consumers to adopt more sustainable habits and products.

Over two thirds of our greenhouse gas impacts and 85% of our water footprint is associated with consumer use.

To tackle impacts across the lifecycle of our products we have to understand and influence consumer behaviours.

Our Five Levers for Change is a practical tool that has been developed from our most effective behaviour change campaigns.

It is a set of principles which, if applied consistently, will increase the likelihood of campaigns having a lasting impact.

It is published on our website to help others create successful campaigns.

Do people know about the behaviour Do they believe it’s relevant to them This lever raises awareness and encourages acceptance.

Do people know what to do and feel confident doing it Can they see it fitting into their lives This lever establishes convenience and confidence.

Do people know when they’re doing the behaviour right’ Do they get some sort of reward for doing it This lever demonstrates the proof and payoff.

Once people have made a change, what can we do to help them keep doing it This lever is about reinforcing and reminding.

What have we learnt We have learnt that marketing and market research can be powerful forces for behaviour change.

Many of our brands have run successful health and hygiene behaviour change campaigns from reducing disease through regular hand washing with soap ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene healthy handwashing habits for life helping people get into healthy hygiene habits ) to improving oral health ( sustainable living improving health and well being health and hygiene improving oral health ) through regular teeth brushing.

Comfort One Rinse campaign to encourage people to use less water when rinsing clothes.

We are working with authorities in the field to ensure that we are connected to the latest behavioural change thinking and practice and we share what we learn to help others.

We listen to consumers desires for what they want from us and, with an increased desire for naturalness and authenticity, we respond.

We have a range of vegan and vegetarian products and actively endorse plant based lifestyles via positive, proactive consumer communication campaigns.

M e Terra, and Sir Kensington’s, supporting our expansion to naturals and organics.

Additionally, we launched natural extensions of Dove, Sunsilk and Dirt is Good.

Developing engaging our people We are creating an organisation and culture where our employees are empowered to act like entrepreneurs and business owners.

We are helping them people develop new skills, new ways of working and new entrepreneurial leadership qualities within a culture that values diversity in all its forms.

In turn this helps us attract and retain the best talent which is vital to accelerate long term value creation.

The changing workplace The macro forces described on page 8 of our Annual Report Accounts have a fundamental impact on the workplace.

The workforce is increasingly freelance and a job for life is no longer the norm.

Once employed, people require continuous learning to reinvent themselves and they expect more flexibility in working practices.

The growth of artificial intelligence and robotics is disrupting work in ways that are still being understood.

Anxiety at work is on the rise and the composition of the workforce is changing.

Millennials will be 60% of Unilever’s own workforce by 2020.

At the same time the workforce is ageing and five generations may be working together in the same company in the 18 80 workforce.

In short, a one size fits all human resource strategy no longer works.

Our strategic approach to managing our workforce is: more simple, more human, more impact.

We want to reduce complexity, understand our people as individuals, not by job titles or work levels, and personalise interventions to build the right leaders and teams.

We are taking action across a number of areas to make this happen.

Developing an owner's mindset C4G, our largest organisational change programme in more than a decade, was fully implemented during 2017 with the benefits to be realised progressively during 2018 and 2019.

C4G encourages and equips people to adopt an owner’s mindset by giving them more control through a simplified organisational and reward structure.

An owner’s mindset means more ownership and collaboration, clarity of purpose, more test and learn, embracing failure to gain insight, and an obsession with customers and consumers ultimately driving long term value creation and financial rewards for our employees.

This mindset hands teams in local markets responsibility for business results.

They are encouraged to treat resources as if they were their own, helping ensure we maintain the highest levels of efficiency.

Our C4G programme is the platform through which people are now empowered to deploy our zero based budgeting approach to allocating resources and our 5S programme of supply chain margin improvement.

This drives simplification, partnerships with third parties, and smarter pricing policies in our channels.

Part of developing an owner’s mindset, and coping with the quicker pace of change in our markets, is adopting an always on’ learning culture.

Learning and building capability is critical in a hyper connected world.

In 2017, we launched 'My Learning' powered by Degreed, a social learning platform with a daily feed of materials customised to individual profiles, combining Unilever content with external sources including TED Talks and MIT.

For 2,872 senior management employees, incentives have been simplified to include fixed pay, a bonus as a percentage of fixed pay and a long term management co investment plan (MCIP) linked to financial and sustainability performance.

The sustainability dimension is based on progress against our USLP targets.

In addition, the long term MCIP will be rolled out to the remainder of management employees in 2018.

For non management employees, we have a share purchase scheme so that everyone can have a stake in Unilever’s long term success.

Gender diversity inclusion We are developing an inclusive culture, promoting gender balance and respecting the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.

Fair Treatment, Unilever aims to ensure that applications for employment from everyone are given full and fair consideration and that everyone is given access to training, development and career opportunities.

The USLP sets out clear targets for expanding opportunities and enhancing access to skills and training for women in our value chain.

It also sets out our ambition to build a gender balanced workforce within Unilever, with 50% of women in management positions by 2020.

We run programmes across Unilever aimed at attracting, retaining and developing female talent.

Pay and overall reward is intended to be gender neutral, with any differences between employees in similar jobs reflecting performance and skill.

Unilever has a long standing commitment to gender equality and fairness in the workplace based on equal pay for equal work and achieving greater gender balance, particularly at management levels.

Gender pay gaps develop where there is a representational imbalance between genders.

Our Framework for Fair Compensation reviews average pay differences between genders at each work level.

By the end of 2017, 47% of total management were women, up from 46% in 2016.

Among the top 93 executives, 22% were women (22% in 2016).

Of our total workforce of 160,566, 107,064 (67%) were male and 53,502 (33%) were female at the end of 2017.

Our Human Resources metrics We track a large number of HR related data to better understand our workforce.

As some workforce data is classed as sensitive, we do not report publicly on this.

We are giving them the knowledge and tools they need to help drive our sustainable growth ( sustainable living our strategy about our strategy helping our people drive sustainable growth ), particularly our marketing teams who are central to developing brands with a sustainable living purpose.

We aim to use our marketing to encourage positive behaviour change and to share what we’ve learnt in this area with others.

And we’re collaborating with others in four areas where we’ve identified we can use our scale and influence to bring about change to whole systems.

Purpose led brands will drive growth Putting sustainable living at the heart of our brands is inspiring our consumers and growing our sales.

Among our own brands, Lifebuoy and Ben Jerry’s have had a social or environmental purpose at their heart since they were founded.

However, in today’s complex and interconnected world, a powerful purpose alone is not enough and brands must look their impacts up and down the value chain and across the public domain.

Brands cannot do social good while harming the planet, or improve the lives of women who buy our products while ignoring the working conditions of the women who make them.

Our Chief Marketing Communications Officer, Keith Weed, leads our Marketing function as well as our Sustainable Business Communications team.

By putting purpose at the heart of our brands we can move from marketing to consumers to mattering to people.

Purpose led brands will drive growth for our business, connect us with our consumers and deliver a positive social impact.

Making purpose pay In 2015, we carried out research to understand whether consumers’ views on sustainability translate to actual purchasing choices .

It also revealed that sustainability issues are relevant to consumers in both developed and emerging markets.

Sustainable Living (PDF 2MB) ( Images making purpose pay inspiring sustainable living_tcm244 506468_en.pdf) to show how attitudes are changing.

We believe that if we want to effect change at scale, we will achieve this by making large, successful, category defining brands recognisably sustainable.

Consumers are becoming much more aware of the positive difference brands can make to social and environmental issues, and also the difference they themselves can make through their everyday shopping choices.

This has been fueled by the growth in social media and the opportunity it provides for people to have closer, more intimate connections with brands.

This in turn creates a growing need for brands to generate content that resonates with their consumers’ values.

We have created a definition of what makes a true Sustainable Living’ brand.

Such a brand must not only have a clear purpose that, over time, helps to tackle a social or environmental concern the product itself must also contribute to one or more of the targets we have set in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, which, in turn contribute to the 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals.

To assess product and purpose, we developed a methodology to help us determine how, and to what extent, each brand delivers against the two product and purpose criteria.

It enables brands to generate a systematic view of their progress across social and environmental factors.

Our sustainability governance Strong governance structures and clear lines of accountability enable us to deliver the commitments in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).

We also draw on insights from external experts to challenge our thinking.

Management structures Our commitment to sustainable living is embedded into our business agenda through our purpose, vision, business model and Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Our management structures for sustainable business are integrated into our organisational framework.

Chief Executive Officer (Alan Jope), is responsible for managing profit and loss and delivering growth.

Supports the ULE and is accountable for ensuring our sustainability goals are achieved.

To ensure alignment between the different elements of our governance structure, ULE member Keith Weed attends the Corporate Responsibility Committee meetings and chairs the USLP Steering Team as well as our USLP Advisory Council (see External insights below).

Jeff Seabright reports to Keith Weed and supports him in these roles.

Specialist input and cross team networks We have a number of specialist groups in the business who provide input in key areas and incorporate external advice from a variety of sources.

Transforming our brands into purposeful brands and facilitating the emergence of sustainable innovation.

Hamilton, our Vice President, Sustainable Business and member of the USLP Steering Team.

Team works alongside our R D, Supply Chain and Marketing and Divisional teams to embed sustainability into their market development programmes and open up opportunities for business growth.

Drives delivery of our carbon positive ambition ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases how were becoming carbon positive in our operations ) at corporate and country level and leads strategic partnerships and policy on renewables.

Steers our strategy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact water use ) and targets on Water, focusing on driving water smart innovations for business growth.

Steers our strategy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ) and targets on sustainable packaging, understanding stakeholder concerns and bringing in new technologies and partnerships.

Supports our strategy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ) by promoting sustainable supply chains, focusing on long term, sustainable access to Unilever's key crops.

A group of senior business leaders providing oversight and governance of changes to USLP metrics including scope, definitions and calculation methodologies.

Provides independent scientific evidence and guidance to identify and manage risks relating to product safety and supply chain technology as well as environmental impacts associated with our brands, products and supply chain.

SEAC’s expertise in lifecycle assessment has been used to develop our environmental metrics and approach to measuring our baseline performance in greenhouse gases, water and waste.

Chaired by our Chief Legal Officer, Ritva Sotamaa, and supported by our Chief Business Integrity Officer, Anny Tubbs.

External insights Our strategy benefits from insights and challenge from external stakeholders on an ongoing basis through our day to day business operations, partnerships and broader engagement.

In addition, we seek independent insights and counsel from external stakeholders, for example the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan Advisory Council, seven independent external specialists in sustainability who guide and critique the development of our strategy.

ULE member and sustainability lead Keith Weed chairs the Council, supported by Jeff Seabright, our Chief Sustainability Officer.

Similarly, the role of our Sustainable Sourcing Advisory Board ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing our sustainable agriculture programme ) is to provide independent advice and judgement and to strengthen policy making within Unilever.

It comprises seven experts from not for profit organisations, impact investors, companies and academia.

Awards recognition We participate in a number of specialist external corporate ratings and rankings.

Highlights Specialist agencies and organisations, including environmental groups, responsible investment analysts, academics and institutes, publish a variety of ratings and rankings of our global performance.

Sometimes this is a result of our engagement with them through questionnaires and in depth discussions, and sometimes it is the agencies' own research, in part analysing the data and information we disclose on our website and through our annual online USLP Progress Report.

Access to Nutrition Index (ATNI), an independent rating of the nutrition programmes of the world’s largest food and beverage manufacturers.

Maternal Wellbeing Standard and efforts to address undernutrition.

Unilever was named leader of the Personal Products sector again in 2018.

Since partaking in the annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment, Unilever has been top of its sector 19 times.

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch companies.

Sustainability Leaders survey, for the eighth consecutive year.

A performance grades on three of four commodities: timber, palm oil and cattle products.

In 2018 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on climate change for the 14th consecutive year.

Named in the 'A List', we achieved a Performance Band A grade for the seventh year running.

In 2018, Unilever scored a Performance Band B for CDP Water Security.

In 2017, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for supplier engagement.

We were one of only 58 companies to be awarded a Performance Band A rating and named in the 'Supplier Engagament A List'.

In 2017, CDP awarded Unilever leadership and A performance grades on all four assessed commodities: Timber, Palm Oil, Cattle Products and Soy.

In 2017 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on climate change for the 13th consecutive year.

Named in the 'A List', we achieved a Performance Band A grade for the sixth year running.

In 2017, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on water.

We were one of only 73 companies to be awarded a Performance Band A rating and named in the 'Water A List'.

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch companies.

Unilever was named leader of the Personal Products sector with a score of 89 out of 100.

Sustainability Leaders survey, for the seventh consecutive year.

GlobeScan SustAinability asked over 1,000 expert stakeholders representing business, government, NGOs and academia across 79 countries who they considered to be the corporate leaders in sustainability.

In 2016, CDP awarded Unilever leadership and A performance grades on all four assessed commodities: Timber, Palm Oil, Cattle Products and Soy.

The Dutch Transparency Benchmark, annual research carried out on the content and quality of corporate social responsibility reports of Dutch companies, scored Unilever in fourth place with 193 points out of 200.

Unilever achieved the highest ranking of all assessed multinational companies.

In 2016, CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on water.

We were one of only eight companies in the Consumer Staples sector to be awarded a Performance Band A rating and named in the Water A List.

In 2016 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on climate change for the 12th consecutive year.

Named in the A List’, we achieved a Performance Band A grade for the fifth year running.

Personal Products Industry Group with a score of 92 out of 100.

GlobeScan and SustainAbility asked over 900 expert stakeholders representing business, government, NGOs and academia across 84 countries who they considered to be the corporate leaders in sustainability.

The campaign assesses and rates agricultural sourcing policies of the world’s ten largest food and beverage companies.

Index (ATNI), a ranking of the world’s 22 largest food companies based on their contribution to tackling obesity and undernutrition.

Following RobecoSAM’s annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment, Unilever received the Industry Leader, Gold Class Sustainability Award 2016 in January for its excellent sustainability performance’.

Winner of this award in 2012, Unilever regains top spot with a report that is founded on a clear strategy, and which benchmarks the company’s entire value chain against both short and long term sustainability goals.

The deep integration of sustainability into the business strategy shines through, not least in the excellent case studies, which show how Unilever is capitalising on the opportunities presented by sustainability and how this contributes to its business success.

There is also detailed disclosure of the measures to incentivise employees to deliver the company’s Sustainable Living Plan, including linking progress on sustainability to executive remuneration.

One judge commented: This report shows the potential for a truly global business to impact the world positively, by acting in a responsible way that builds trust though a commitment to sustainability.

In December 2015, CDP changed the scoring methodology for its Forests information request that provided deforestation risk related information to investors.

Beverage Tobacco Industry Group with a score of 92 out of 100.

In 2015 CDP recognised Unilever as a world leader for corporate action on climate change for the 11th consecutive year.

Unilever was awarded a Performance Band B rating in the latest CDP Water questionnaire, announced in October 2015.

Carbon Clear’s annual ranking of carbon reporting performance of FTSE 100 companies placed Unilever in joint 4th, with a score of 82%.

Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series since its inception in 2001.

Unilever scored 4.9 out of 5 in the latest FTSE ESG Ratings Profile.

GlobeScan and SustainAbility asked over 800 expert stakeholders representing business, government, NGOs and academia across 82 countries who they considered to be the corporate leaders in the area of sustainability.

Unilever's global reputation among corporations is judged by experts to be unparalleled, with the leadership gap this year widening even further.

The campaign assesses and rates agricultural sourcing policies of the world’s ten largest food and beverage companies.

We have disclosed our forest footprint since 2009.

The international 2014 Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development was presented to our former CEO, Paul Polman.

The judges cited his transformative leadership, courage and commitment in a corporate world where environmental and social values are often overshadowed by more short term financial interests.

England and Wales’ (ICAEW) Finance for the Future Awards 2014 for the development of a methodology and tool that ranks our products in both financial and sustainability terms.

Creating Shared Value for its work on Project Shakti.

Unilever retains its top ranking in the latest 2014 Sustainability Leaders survey from GlobeScan SustainAbility for the fourth consecutive year.

ATNI publicly rates the world's largest food and beverage manufacturers on their nutrition related policies, practices and performance.

Medal for International Corporate Achievement in Sustainable Development.

Unilever ranked No. 2 in new science based carbon emissions study published by Climate Counts in December 2013.

At the UN Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio 20), Unilever was a winner of the 2012 World Business and Development Awards (WBDA) for our efforts to improve living standards in some of the world's most disadvantaged communities.

Unilever won the first FTSE4Good Sir Mervyn Pedelty Award in 2012 which recognises companies that integrate environmental and social performance into business strategy.

Corporate Responsibility Index, published in March 2012.

We scored 24.5 out of 29 in the first Scorecard in 2009 assessing 59 European companies.

At the International Green Awards 2011, Unilever was the overall Grand Prix winner across 20 categories for our work on behaviour change.

We were also the Gold winner in the Best Green International Large Business category which recognises organisations that have demonstrated true innovation, thought leadership and a commitment to sustainability.

Our approach to reporting We are committed to communicating our performance regularly and transparently and have been reporting on our sustainability performance since 1996.

Online Sustainable Living Report 2017 ( sustainable living our sustainable living report hub ): Located in the Sustainable Living section of the global Unilever website, this is our primary sustainability report.

Find out more about our reporting on the following pages.

Compact’s Ten Principles. with the GRI G4 Reporting Guidelines.

Sustainable Living Plan through engaging, insightful and evidence based reporting.

Since April 2014, our annual Sustainable Living Report has been published online in the Sustainable Living section of our website as we want it to be accessible to as many people as possible.

As in previous years, we have published a USLP summary which can be downloaded via Our Sustainable Living Report Hub.

Sustainability information can also be found in our 2017 Annual Report (PDF 3MB) ( Images unilever annual report and accounts 2017_tcm244 516456_en.pdf).

Specialists audiences, such as NGOs, investors, analysts, governments and opinion former, who are typically interested in our performance, strategy, policies and targets.

Generalists audiences, such as employees, job seekers and consumers, who are interested in content relating to their personal interests.

Understanding our sustainability impacts and priorities enables us to address the sustainability issues that matter most to our business strategy and to our stakeholders.

It also allows us to tailor our reporting so it is aligned with audiences’ interests and needs.

See Defining our materiality process ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ) for further information.

Stakeholder feedback on our reporting As part of our reporting process, we receive feedback from our USLP Steering Team, our Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee and the USLP Council of external sustainability advisers, as well as our employees and opinion formers.

Find out more about our sustainability governance here.

External standards We adhere to the principles of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and many of the original GRI Framework indicators are embedded in our reporting.

Compact’s ten principles on human rights, labour, environment and anti corruption in our everyday business operations.

We also report on our sustainability governance and leadership, including ways in which we support broader UN goals.

Through our USLP, Sustainable Living brands and our transformational change agenda we contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals ( sustainable living our strategy un sustainable development goals ).

Boundaries and scope Our impacts are far reaching, so we have identified and prioritised our most material impacts to the business and to stakeholders across our value chain.

Our report includes performance data for our direct operations and information on how we are managing the most material issues across our extended value chain, which encompasses both our supply chain and how our products reach our consumers.

Unilever consistently applies relevant metrics and targets to all relevant parts of its business operations.

Even where a metric and target is only relevant to part of business operations, it still applies to 100% of those parts, globally.

A number of our targets and metrics also apply to relevant parts of our value chain.

Our manufacturing environmental and occupational safety indicators do not include contract production or outsourced support services.

Sustainable Living Report 2017 (PDF 6MB) ( Images unilevers basis of preparation annual report sustainable living report 2017_tcm244 518699_1_en.pdf).

When setting our targets, we use our knowledge of our business, the markets where we operate and the issues to determine the most relevant and materially impactful scope for each target.

We report the maximum material coverage for all our targets so that our KPIs cover 100% of the material scope, unless specifically stated in our Basis of Preparation.

In some cases, the material scope is the same as the total scope.

In others it is less because we have applied a management judgement as to what the scope should be.

Previous years’ Basis of Preparations are available in our Reports Publications archive.

Our social report was assured for the first time in 2004.

In 2017 we reappointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to provide independent assurance of the USLP and Environmental and Occupational Safety (EOS) performance indicators.

PwC’s Assurance Report describes the work undertaken and their conclusion for the reporting period to 31 December 2017.

Please see Independent assurance ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ) for further information about our assurance process.

Sustainability Index (DJSI), a global sustainability performance benchmark.

See Awards Recognition ( sustainable living our strategy awards and recognition ) for further information.

Defining our material issues We live in an uncertain and constantly changing world.

Materiality helps us identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter most to our business and stakeholders.

An issue is material to Unilever if it meets two conditions.

Firstly, it impacts our business in terms of growth, cost, risk or trust.

We use our materiality assessment to identify priority sustainability issues across our value chain.

Living Plan (USLP) and ensures we report on the issues of most interest.

We update our assessment every two years to make sure it reflects changes in our business and the external environment.

Select one of the Focus Areas below to view the topics and issues within it.

The forces that shape our world Every business is impacted by macro forces.

These are the trends and events that are shaping our world.

We monitor these trends to make sure our strategy and plans are fit for the future and to assess their impact on our material issues.

Slow growth and volatility are creating a world where international growth and political leadership fragment.

Income and political polarisation within countries is set to increase, threatening the progress of globalisation and free trade.

The impact of water scarcity and climate change will be increasingly visible.

Momentum for action will gather pace, building on the Paris Agreement.

The rapid development of new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, voice technology and virtual reality will open further opportunities for connection, automation and value creation, and pose new risks around security and privacy.

Data and the Internet of Things will continue to disrupt traditional business models, using technologies such as blockchain and increasingly sophisticated smart devices.

Societies are becoming more diverse with fragmented identities, changing lifestyles and new everyday behaviours.

Millennials and Generation Z are having a powerful influence on cultural norms, such as diversity and gender.

Older generations have a strong economic influence, and this will increase as the population ages.

Migration is having a profound effect on national identity.

This year, we have not presented specific macro forces such as demographics, emerging markets and the global economy in our materiality matrix, as they cut across multiple issues.

We believe this gives greater focus to the issues that Unilever can directly influence.

Many of the macro trends that were in our 2015 materiality matrix are captured as Principal Risks in our 2017 Annual Report and Accounts.

How we use our materiality assessment Every two years, we conduct a materiality assessment to help ensure our strategy is focused in the right areas, to assess the changing sustainability landscape and to understand and prioritise the issues that matter to our business and our stakeholders.

We use our materiality assessment to help us to evolve our strategy and tailor our reporting so that it aligns with the interests and needs of our stakeholders, as well as those of the company.

Forum for the Future the non profit organisation updated our external trends analysis, which we reviewed against our current and future business growth strategies.

The results of this exercise identified 15 material issues.

Living Report reflect the outcomes of our materiality process.

We don’t have targets or external performance indicators for every material issue.

As we have various audiences and communications channels, we address many of these issues outside of our annual reporting cycle.

Our 2017 materiality assessment Our most recent materiality assessment was designed to inform the development of the USLP beyond 2020.

It highlighted new and emerging issues, and provided a fresh check on whether we are focusing on the right areas.

Corporate Citizenship (http: corporate citizenship.com ) a global business consultancy specialising in sustainability.

It included an in depth analysis of business impacts, and used data and insights to gauge the relative importance of each issue to our stakeholders.

We refreshed and consolidated the list of sustainability issues and topics deemed to be directly relevant to Unilever across our value chain.

We identified a long list of 177 sustainability topics, which were categorised into 24 distinct issues as shown on our matrix.

We define an issue’ as a risk or opportunity to Unilever from the internal or external operating environment.

Where appropriate, we updated the labelling of certain issues and topics to provide clarity and to reflect commonly accepted language.

Our long list included new issues and topics, reflecting changes to the sustainability landscape over the past two years.

These were identified by researching emerging sustainability trends, macro forces, competitor practices and global standards.

Environmental Impact ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact greenhouse gases protecting our forests ) and Enhancing Livelihoods ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods ).

Issues that did not align with our Big Goals were either categorised as Responsible Business Practices or Wider Sustainability Topics.

Issue identification aligns with our yearly review of Principal Risks which we include in our Annual Report and Accounts.

We assessed each topic’s impact on the business and importance to our stakeholders.

Business Value Framework ( sustainable living our strategy about our strategy ).

Each topic was assessed according to its potential to positively or negatively impact on growth, cost, risk and trust with a corresponding score awarded depending on whether this was deemed to be high, medium or low.

Stakeholder importance (Y axis) was determined using research and analytics on consumers, customers, NGOs, investors, suppliers and employees.

Each topic was analysed according to its importance to stakeholders, with a corresponding score awarded depending on whether this was deemed to be high, medium or low.

The prioritisation exercise resulted in two scores for each issue one for impact on the business and one for stakeholder importance.

These were plotted on a draft materiality matrix which formed the basis for the engagement during Phase 3.

The draft materiality matrix was reviewed and refined through a series of interviews with a cross section of external and internal stakeholders.

USLP Steering Team ( sustainable living our strategy our sustainability governance ) for validation and approval.

Ingredients are directly addressed by commitments in the USLP. While targets on these issues are not explicit in the USLP, both are managed as part of company and category strategies.

The insights gathered from the materiality assessment including rising public concern on issues such as climate change, packaging waste and nutrition diets were used as an input to a number of internal conversations on the future of the USLP beyond 2020.

We commissioned further desk based research into our nine most material issues to understand how our current USLP might develop in the future in line with science based limits and social norms.

We are using the insights from this work to inform the future development of the USLP.

This shows where we are taking action on the SDGs through the USLP.

We communicate the outcomes of the assessment on our 2017 materiality matrix, highlighting our most material issues and their relative significance to the business and our stakeholders.

Engaging with stakeholders Stakeholder engagement is essential to grow our business and to reach the ambitious targets set out in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

To succeed in our purpose of making sustainable living commonplace, we need to engage and work in partnership with a wide range of stakeholders.

NGOs, investors, customers, consumers, suppliers, governments and regulators, and other businesses through trade associations.

Our biennial materiality assessment ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ) helps us to understand which issues are important to the business and our stakeholders, and therefore where and how to focus our engagement.

By defining the needs and interests of our stakeholders, we can also evolve our strategy to better meet their expectations and focus our reporting on the issues that they care about.

We seek to understand the issues of concern and to respond openly and transparently to any questions raised about our products and the way we run our business.

What Matters to You ( sustainable living what matters to you ) section contains our responses to a range of topics.

They are updated regularly in line with any key developments and the emergence of new topics.

NGOs and others, to achieve transformational change’ that is, fundamental change to whole systems, not simply incremental improvements.

Our policies for transparent and responsible engagement Our reputation for doing business with integrity and respect for others is an asset, as valuable as our people and brands.

To maintain our reputation requires the highest standards of behaviour.

We also require third party business partners to adhere to business principles consistent with our own.

Unilever will co operate with governments and other organisations both directly and through bodies such as trade associations in the development of proposed legislation and other regulations, which may affect legitimate business interests and that Unilever neither supports political parties nor contributes to the funds of groups whose activities are calculated to promote party interests.

Compliance with the Code of Business Principles and Code Policies is an essential element in ensuring Unilever’s continued business success.

The Committee is responsible for the oversight of the Code and Code Policies, ensuring that they remain fit for purpose and are appropriately applied.

It maintains close scrutiny of the mechanisms for implementing the Code and Code Policies.

This is vital as compliance is essential to promote and protect Unilever’s values and standards, and hence the good reputation of the Group.

Committee reviews an analysis of investigations into non compliance with the Code and Code Policies and is alerted to any trends arising from these investigations.

How we engage with our stakeholders Unilever interacts with a huge range of stakeholders on a daily basis.

Some of our stakeholders are direct participants in our value chain and are integral to our ability to deliver sustainable growth.

Others influence how we do business by setting the laws and norms within our countries of operation.

Below we broadly outline how we engage with our most important stakeholders.

Engaging with governments We co operate and engage with governments, regulators and legislators both directly and through trade associations in the development of proposed legislation and regulations which may affect our business interests.

Many of the key topics we engage on are captured in our biennial materiality assessment ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ).

Our participation in policy discussions are varied, covering macro topics like climate change, through to detailed product safety standards.

We also proactively publish many of our company stances in the Our position on ( about our position on ).

They are updated regularly in line with any key developments and the emergence of new topics of importance to the business.

We engage with stakeholders directly as Unilever or through membership of representative organisations, including trade associations.

All employees involved in political engagement must promote our corporate principles and comply with our Code of Business Principles and Code Policies ( about who we are our values and principles ).

We do not support or fund political parties, candidates or any groups that promote party interests.

We also publish this position in our Annual Report and Accounts.

Our employees may offer support and contributions to political groups in a personal capacity.

When recruiting employees from the public sector, it is important to ensure that the right balance is struck between the benefit from such recruitment and avoiding potential conflicts of interest with previous employers.

For any new employees we will respect confidentiality obligations and restrictive covenants included in all contracts with previous employers.

Unilever will agree appropriate and reasonable restrictions for new employees recruited directly from the public sector on a case by case basis.

During 2018 they are being included in recruitment training programmes.

Unilever is registered in the Transparency Register of the European Union.

We comply with the US Lobbying Disclosure Act (LDA).

The LDA website provides a searchable database of disclosure filings.

Engagement with NGOs We are building transformational partnerships in collaboration with NGOs and other stakeholders who share our vision for a more sustainable future.

Unilever Sustainable Living Plan targets and driving the growth of our business.

These partnerships are often led by our Global Partnerships Advocacy team.

In collaboration with NGOs, we build programmes on the ground to implement our brands’ social missions, in addition to advancing our efforts in areas such as sustainable sourcing and distribution often in partnership with governments and other private sector organisations.

We drive scale through new business models, digital technologies and external financing.

We recognise that our actions alone cannot achieve the system change necessary to overcome the world’s major challenges, such as climate change and poverty.

Forum, UN Global Compact, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the Consumer Goods Forum.

This helps us in championing a more inclusive model of capitalism and the pursuit of long term value creation for the benefit of multiple stakeholders.

Waste packaging ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact waste and packaging ) and Sustainable sourcing ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing ).

Engaging with suppliers Every day, we work with thousands of suppliers who are helping us achieve success in the countries where our products are sold.

They help us: develop new products drive market transformation deliver quality and service and create value, capacity and capability.

A significant portion of our growth comes from innovation, delivering leading edge products into the marketplace.

We anticipate that around 70% of our innovations are linked to working with our strategic suppliers.

That's why we invest in long term, mutually beneficial relationships with our key suppliers through our Partner to Win programme, so we can combine capabilities and co innovate for shared growth.

Partner to Win is about shaping the next horizon together and is a unique opportunity to unlock value for Unilever and our partners.

It helps us strengthen supplier and customer collaboration, it enables improved overall end to end operational efficiency and mutual capability building and sharing.

Engaging with customers In a fragmented channel landscape, those companies that best serve their shoppers and customers with bespoke solutions will benefit most.

Unilever serves consumers through ten different channels: hyper and supermarkets, e commerce, out of home, drug stores, small stores, discounters, Food Solutions, Unilever International, prestige and global retail.

Our ambition is to be the top ranked supplier to all our customers across the markets we operate in with clear action plans.

We monitor quantitative customer satisfaction results on an annual basis.

We work directly with our customers, such as large retail chains, to generate insights about who visits their stores using technology that creates detailed shopper profiles.

This allows us to target and personalise campaigns and develop shopper engagement programmes.

Privacy Code Policy (PDF 5MB) ( Images code of business principles and code policies_tcm244 409220_en.pdf) which sets out the steps employees must take to ensure personal data is handled appropriately.

We also use Customer Engagement Surveys, which allow us to benchmark against our industry peers and direct competition.

Having the ability to measure our customers’ feedback in a consistent manner allows us to make sharper decisions on resource deployment and identifying market opportunities.

Unilever also actively supports its customers in achieving their sustainability goals.

We share our expertise in areas such as sustainable agriculture and life cycle analysis, as well as working with them on initiatives such as shared transport networks which improve efficiency.

Centres which analyse data from social media, consumer carelines and digital marketing to respond directly to consumer feedback.

Our ambition is to build a billion one to one consumer relationships, leveraging our in house People Data Centres and the opportunity they give us to connect with consumers in a meaningful way through real time analytics.

Engaging with scientists We have specific guidance on how we work with the scientific community outlined in our Position on Science and Integrity (PDF 73KB) ( Images cobp_positon scientific research 0616_tcm244 483851_en.pdf).

We are committed to investing in science and scientific research that enhances our understanding of how our products can benefit public health and wellbeing, and also how we can improve their environmental, societal and economic impact.

We adhere strongly to principles for scientific research, including scientific robustness, objectivity of scientific evidence and transparent engagement with external parties.

We do not publicly report the research organisations that we fund.

However, as mandated by our Position on Science and Integrity, we disclose research funding where required, for example in scientific journals which require this level of disclosure.

Engaging with communities Our business contributes to the economic livelihoods of many people and communities across our value chain.

We create direct and indirect employment opportunities we pay taxes to governments for reinvestment in infrastructure and communities and we make direct contributions through our corporate community investment activities in support of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Business Principles (PDF 5MB) ( Images code of business principles and code policies_tcm244 409220_en.pdf) which sets out our commitment to fulfil our responsibilities to the societies and communities in which we operate.

Our community engagement strategy is owned and driven by our local businesses which are closest to communities and their needs.

Sometimes, business decisions or activities can affect local communities.

In such cases, we are guided by a number of policies and standards.

These reflect issues that can impact communities such as human rights and safety, for example ensuring communities are adequately protected in the event of a safety incident where we would identify relevant stakeholders and or their representatives and run various community outreach activities and communications.

A recent example of our approach to community engagement is in Rwanda where we are setting up a tea processing factory and commercial tea estates.

Engaging with peer companies We engage with peer companies, both individually, in coalitions, and through trade associations on issues of mutual interest.

This includes working together to implement sustainable business strategies and drive policy agendas which contribute to systems change.

Engaging with trade associations We aim to use our scale and influence to help bring about transformational change in areas where we can make the biggest difference and which are aligned with our business activities.

We see trade associations as a valuable resource for increasing knowledge of industry practices and trends, as well as engaging on policy topics.

We are a member of many associations around the world, reflecting our global scale and presence across several product divisions.

In 2017, we paid approximately 8.9 million in fees to around 650 trade associations.

Our memberships cover category specific, cross category and horizontal business associations at country, regional and global level.

Association fees are most often set by the associations and are usually based on turnover.

Our internal Standard on Trade Association Memberships provides the internal governance and framework for our interactions with trade associations and similar groups.

The Standard applies to our membership of any organisations whose principal function is to advocate to government and other stakeholders on behalf of the business, or any subsidiary company or that provides platforms for industry and other stakeholders to discuss issues of common concern, or that provides opportunities for our business to engage with our customers and or competitors on industry issues.

The Standard sets out the internal governance for the approval to join or leave an association and the factors we consider, including their strategic fit with our corporate purpose, values and positions.

The Standard also stipulates the role and requirements related to Unilever representatives in trade associations, for example all staff participating in association meetings are required to complete a competition law training module.

We appoint trade association co ordinators in each country to ensure the Standard is followed.

Our main global, European and US trade associations are listed below.

Unilever is also registered in the Transparency Register of the European Union.

Disclosure Act (LDA). The LDA website (https: lobbyingdisclosure.house.gov ) provides a searchable database of lobbying disclosure filings.

Independent assurance Our environmental reporting has been independently assured for over 20 years.

In 2017 we continued to attain limited assurance of selected USLP and Environmental and Occupational Safety performance indicators.

Our approach to assurance Independent external assurance helps us to drive continuous improvement in performance and in the quality, rigour and credibility of our data.

We need accurate and robust data on our sustainability performance to help us make decisions, monitor performance and report progress to our stakeholders.

Our Environmental and Occupational Safety performance measures have been independently assured since 1996 by globally recognised providers.

We operate a wide range of processes and activities across our operations covering strategy, planning, execution, and performance management.

Appropriate arrangements are in place to prepare our performance information.

Data is meaningful and consistent with stated definitions, scope and boundaries.

Any specific exclusions are stated clearly and explained.

We describe openly any assumptions we make as well as our accounting and calculation methods.

We aim for transparency to enable users to have confidence in the integrity of our reporting.

Risk management is integrated into every stage of our activities, processes and systems to ensure we mitigate accuracy and reliability risks.

Our Corporate Audit function provides us with an objective and independent review of the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems throughout Unilever.

External independent assurance from globally recognised assurance service providers supports our internal controls.

We have developed a phased approach to assurance that will enable us to obtain limited assurance over our 9 pillar commitments that are central to the USLP by the target completion deadlines with the aim of assuring each pillar metric and selected underlying metrics at least every two years.

External assurance in 2017 We reappointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to provide independent assurance for the seventh consecutive year.

The Unilever Board's Audit Committee oversees the USLP assurance programme.

Occupational Safety (EOS) performance measures and three USLP pillar commitments: Nutrition, Greenhouse Gases, and Water, as well as selected Fairness in the Workplace, Opportunities for Women and Inclusive Business metrics.

The environmental performance indicators assured were chosen because they reflect the main environmental aspects for our manufacturing sites, including utilities consumption, and waste, air and water pollution.

Occupational safety indicators were chosen because a safe workplace environment is always a top priority for our business.

As we incorporate more sustainability data in our Annual Report and Accounts, we are aligning our assurance process with our financial reporting timetable.

February 2018, apart from our Sustainable Sourcing metrics.

These were assured in time for publication of the online Unilever Sustainable Living 2017 Report in April 2018.

The documents relating to independent external assurance in the years prior to 2017 are available in Reports Publications.

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond Report and assurance In March 2014 Unilever issued a 250 million Green Sustainability Bond, inviting investors to support our vision for sustainable growth while investing in Unilever credit.

The four and a half year bond, due 19 December 2018, was a first for Unilever, the first green bond in the sterling market and also the first to be issued by an FMCG company.

Proceeds are being used on projects linked to greenhouse gases, water and waste targets in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

Green Sustainability Bond framework which provides clarity and transparency around the Environmental and Use of Proceeds criteria.

Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds dated 13 January 2014) that there should be a robust process and disclosure by an issuer to facilitate understanding of the characteristics of a bond by investors and others in this area.

Spreads: An extension to our existing factory in Johnson County, Kansas, US.

The design for this site introduces many eco efficiency features such as energy efficient drives and lighting, heat recovery from steam and refrigeration systems and LEED building certification.

Home Care: Our factory at Anderbold, Johannesburg, South Africa produces home care brands for the domestic market.

The site design employs eco efficiency improvements including rainwater harvesting, water recycling, daylight harvesting and LEED building certification.

Home Care: An investment in Chengdu, Sichuan, China is Unilever’s eighth factory in the country.

The site, which produces laundry powders, brings eco efficiency improvements including water recycling, a biomass furnace, LED lighting and LEED building certification.

Home and Personal Care: A new multi category factory in Sel uklu Konya, Turkey will produce brands employing eco efficiency measures such as rainwater harvesting, water recycling, solar water heating and LEED building certification.

Refreshment: This project further strengthens the environmental credentials of our ice cream cabinets at the point of sale through the purchase of HFC free freezer cabinets using natural hydrocarbon refrigerants (HC). Freezers have been purchased for distribution and operation and this project is completed.

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond assurance statements The 3 factories in the operational phase (Spreads factory in the US, Home Care factory in China, Home Care factory in South Africa) have each achieved all of the relevant environmental criteria.

The Home and Personal Care factory in Turkey is in the early operational stage, and meets all the criteria other than: (1) full water performance per tonne of production.

We continue to evaluate the performance of all of the factories and are taking steps to further enhance the environmental performance to meet and exceed environmental criteria.

Have been spent with the above projects to fund actual project expenditure .

Unilever Green Sustainability Bond assurance to 2018 We will continue to report annually on our progress.

Our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) has three big goals: to improve health and well being ( sustainable living improving health and well being ), reduce our environmental impact ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact ) and enhance livelihoods ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods ).

Supporting these goals are nine commitments, which are underpinned by metrics and targets spanning social, environmental and economic performance in our value chain.

We have a clear methodology for each metric which we have kept under regular review since launching the USLP in 2010.

Improving health and well being metrics By 2020 our goal is to help more than 1 billion people take action to improve their health and well being.

The main way we assess progress on health and hygiene is to track the cumulative number of people reached by an intervention from one of our programmes such as handwashing, self esteem, oral health and sanitation.

Our oral health target measures the number of people reached through oral health improvement programmes educated to change their tooth brushing habits.

For our safe drinking water target we measure the litres of drinking water provided, rather than the number of people reached, aiming for 150 billion litres of safe drinking water by 2020.

This target focuses our efforts on what matters most for health the ongoing consumption of safe drinking water.

Since 2012, we have measured progress by volume rather than by product.

The majority of our products meet, or are better than, benchmarks on national nutritional recommendations.

In 2013 we reviewed the nutrient levels derived from globally recognised dietary guidelines, which form the basis of our highest nutritional standards.

We adapted the criteria underlying the highest nutritional standards and these are product focused and align with our category specific programmes.

This enables us to prioritise the nutrients that matter most for a particular product.

Reducing environmental impact metrics By 2030 our goal is to halve the environmental footprint of the making and use of our products compared to 2010 as we grow our business.

We aim to halve the waste and water impact related to the consumer use of our products by 2020 and the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the lifecycle of our products by 2030.

To measure waste and GHG impacts we carry out a detailed analysis for over 3,000 products in 14 countries.

For water, our analysis covers over 600 water using products across seven water scarce markets.

The products we analyse are chosen because they share similar relevant characteristics with a wider group of products (known as a product cluster’).

We extrapolate the results from representative individual products to their product cluster so our final analysis covers most of our sales volume by category in each of the in scope markets studied.

Most Unilever products are in scope for the footprint calculation.

We exclude product groups for which it is not possible to acquire the required data with sufficient accuracy.

For example, partnership products, Food Solutions, bulk and export items, and tools and devices.

We don’t include products that have an exceptionally high number of uses per consumer unit (eg hundreds of cotton swabs in a box of Q Tips) because this would distort the per consumer use performance measure.

These exclusions are applied consistently across all footprint performance measures.

Water use is measured as the water in litres in our products (as an ingredient) plus the water used by consumers for our products in water using sub divisions in seven water scarce countries (China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey and the USA). Agricultural water and water use related to non renewable materials (raw material phase) are not included as these data are not available at the necessary quality or accuracy.

Waste is measured in grams from disposal (after use by our consumers) of our primary and secondary packaging where this has not been recycled, reused, or recovered, plus product left behind in the primary pack at disposal ( leftover ).

The GHG and waste generated and water abstracted by our manufacturing operations is measured separately as part of our eco efficiency programme ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact eco efficiency in manufacturing ).

In January 2017, we announced a new target ( news press releases 2017 Unilever commits to 100 percent recyclable plastic.html): to ensure all of our plastic packaging is designed to be reusable, recyclable, or compostable by 2025.

Sustainable sourcing is measured as the percentage (by weight) of raw or packaging material sourced from verifiable sustainable renewable sources or made from recycled materials.

To assess progress we work with suppliers and their farmers on self assessment against the requirements of the Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code.

We use an independent verifier to check whether self assessments are robust and credible.

When deviations are found where suppliers and farmers thought they were in full compliance whereas in reality they were not we have applied an adjustment factor to our sustainably sourced volumes.

In addition to this self assessment process against our Sustainable Agriculture Code, we also rely on the certification of our suppliers who are certified to external sustainability standards such as the Rainforest Alliance (http: www.rainforest alliance.org ), the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (http: www.rspo.org about) or the Round Table on Responsible Soy (http: www.responsiblesoy.org lang en).

Business ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business ).

We report our progress against metrics that we designed in consultation with external stakeholders, and continually assess them to ensure they remain relevant.

Reporting Solution (ELMA) which is enabling us to more robustly track and evidence our results.

In 2017, ELMA was deployed for all metric initiatives, which previously depended on paper to record progress.

ELMA enables us to have a secure audit trail with records and results all in one place.

Surrey, UK) conducted a scientific review of our approach to measuring and reducing our environmental impacts and concluded it to be sound and appropriate.

They looked at the scope and boundaries of the metrics, the validity of calculation methods, assumptions and data sources.

We consider Unilever’s approach to be sound and appropriate.

Unilever has selected a set of impacts which are relevant to describing the lifecycle environmental impacts of the company’s businesses and products.

The baseline data provide a representative picture of current performance in terms of these impacts, and consistent application of the approach should give a sound indication of progress towards the targets the company has set.

Interactive data charts Use these charts to view environmental, social and economic data from our online Unilever Sustainable Living Report 2017.

The Global Reporting Initiative The Global Reporting Initiative's (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines provide a comprehensive set of indicators covering the economic, environmental and ethical impacts of a company's performance.

These reporting principles have informed our reporting for many years and we assess our performance against the GRI guidelines.

Our 2017 Sustainable Living Report has been prepared in accordance’ with the core option of GRI G4 Reporting Guidelines.

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) and Environmental and Occupational Safety (EOS) performance indicators.

UNGC index As a founding signatory of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we are committed to living out the Compact's principles on human rights, labour standards, environment and anti corruption in everyday business operations.

Principles are integrated into our business as well as our commitments as a Business for Peace signatory.

Sustainable Living Report and meets the requirements of the Advanced COP criteria.

Our 2018 Global Compact Communication on Progress (COP) self assessment is available here: Unilever 2018 UNGC Index (PDF 720KB) ( Images unilever ungc cop 2018_tcm244 523696_en.pdf).

LEAD is a group of sustainability leaders that aim to achieve higher levels of environmental, social and governance performance, tackle corporate sustainability issues and encourage greater action by the corporate sector.

Corporate Sustainability Leadership, a comprehensive roadmap outlining around 50 actions businesses can take to achieve greater sustainability.

The Blueprint was first introduced by the Global Compact in June 2010.

It provides an action plan in three core areas, identifying best practices in each and a total of 50 criteria for leadership.

The core areas focus on integrating the Global Compact’s Ten Principles into strategies and operations taking action in support of broader UN goals and issues and engaging with the Global Compact.

LEAD actively engaged with global policy makers on the post 2015 development agenda.

LEAD companies continue to share their knowledge and report on their activities and collaboration with United Nations agencies, funds and programme to tackle sustainability challenges.

Business for Peace is a platform of over 130 leading companies from 37 countries dedicated to catalysing collaborative action to advance peace.

Reports publications This archive contains our sustainability publications and key policy documents.

Sustainable Living Plan (USLP). It is published online only.

Annual Report Accounts also features our progress against the USLP.

The archive below lists our sustainability reports back to 1999 and the assurance reports for our sustainability metrics.

Agriculture Code and studies of our economic footprint.

In About our reporting ( sustainable living our approach to reporting about our reporting ) we detail our approach to reporting including the standards we follow, assurance ( sustainable living our approach to reporting independent assurance ) and how we define the material issues ( sustainable living our approach to reporting defining our material issues ) for our business.

Labour Rights in Unilever's Supply Chain From compliance towards good practice.

In 2015, Unilever started to publish its Sustainability Report online and provide summary documents instead of a full PDF version of the report.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Transformational change We have set out to make a difference to those big issues that matter most to our business and to the world.

Our goal: transformational change at system level Our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan is a bold ambition to achieve change within our company through our brands, innovation, sourcing and operations.

But the stark truth is that we are just one company among many and the problems our society faces climate change, inequality, hunger are urgent, large and complex.

Incremental improvements beyond our business are not enough.

We need fundamental change to whole systems if we are to make a genuine difference on the issues that matter for our business and the world.

It combines our own actions with partnerships and external advocacy on public policy to create change on a systemic scale, which contributes to the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Increasingly, we’re finding new ways to help bring about these systemic changes.

This is a responsibility but also an opportunity, because resilient societies and economies are ones in which businesses such as Unilever can flourish.

Our approach At the heart of our transformational change agenda are the twin goals of combating climate change and promoting human development.

Across all of the four main areas that we’re working on, the role of women is crucial, both as partners and beneficiaries.

Women are also critical to eradicating poverty and accelerating global development, so we’re creating more opportunities for women across our value chain.

Transformational change means using our scale and influence to alter the systems we’re part of so positive change becomes possible.

It is about making our voice heard through advocacy on policy and regulation collaborating with others to extend our reach and impact and convening progressive businesses with specific expertise to tackle multi faceted issues.

We are stepping up our engagement with governments, NGOs and others in our industry.

We are developing a range of partnerships that will catalyse new solutions to complex problems.

And we’re continuing to test new solutions in our business to demonstrate that change at scale is achievable.

By partnering with others, we can speed up progress towards universal access.

This is the best way to end hunger, achieve food security and improve nutrition.

What matters to you Unilever's commitment to winning with integrity is enshrined in our company values and underpins the way we do business.

Our Code of Business Principles ( about who we are our values and principles index.html) commits us to running our operations with honesty, integrity and openness.

Our approach is always to understand issues of concern and respond.

To find out more about some of the topics we are asked about most, please select from the list below.

We use advertising and marketing as a way to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

They help us tell people about our latest innovations, inform consumers about what’s in our products and recommend how they should be used.

They can even help us change society for the better: Dove’s Campaign for Real Beauty, for example, challenges stereotypes about the way people look.

However, the very power of marketing communications means that they must be used responsibly.

We have signed up to, and helped to define, global standards for the industry, centred on the promise that our advertising and marketing will always be legal, decent, honest and truthful .

Independently, we have also made landmark decisions about our own practices.

For example, we do not target children under six years old and we never use size zero’ models in our advertising.

We believe society should promote sustainable renewable energy that protects food supplies, rather than that which may erode them.

The production of first generation’ biofuels, made from crops or animal by products, is rising as government policy stimulates alternatives to fossil fuels.

As crops are increasingly used for biofuels rather than food, food supplies could be jeopardised, prices rise and biodiversity suffer.

What’s more, biofuels made from vegetable oils can actually create more greenhouse gases than fossil fuels.

With 34% of Unilever’s energy coming from renewable sources, we support the move to more sustainable biofuels.

But we believe society must work at developing sustainable alternatives for renewable energy production including second generation’ biofuels made from materials such as wood, straw and waste, which do not erode food stocks.

Switching to electric cars is another beneficial option.

Governments, meanwhile, need to consider the all round impact of their renewable energy policies.

We are working with bioplastics suppliers to find sustainable forms of packaging that do not threaten food stocks.

Bioplastics are plant based plastics made largely from staple food stocks, such as sugar beet and corn starch.

We are concerned that the rising demand for bioplastics could lead to food scarcity or higher prices.

Reducing, reusing and recycling packaging waste, including plastics, is one of the key Unilever Sustainable Living Plan priorities.

We believe bioplastics should have a comparable or better impact on the environment than petroleum based plastic, and should not compromise recycling processes by contaminating traditional materials.

We are working with the bioplastics industry to explore new technologies and materials that are sustainably sourced and which reflect social, economic and environmental factors.

Fund led Bio Feedstock Alliance, which encourages the sustainable development of bioplastics.

Biotechnology can be described as the application of biological systems to develop ingredients and products.

Plan commitments both in sustainable sourcing of ingredients and the development of innovative products which offer benefits to our consumers.

We have been safely using biotechnology in our Homecare business for decades and more recently started using algal oil in our Personal Care soap bars.

Our approach to biotechnology reflects the way we use science and innovation responsibly to drive sustainable living.

Here we outline our position on Biotechnology with respect to production of new ingredients and products in a contained and controlled process through fermentation.

We aim to not use conflict minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries that have been mined in support of armed conflict in any products.

Our suppliers may continue to source minerals from this region so long as they are sourced from mines or smelters that are verified as conflict free.

We are committed to conducting ongoing due diligence and setting clear expectations from our suppliers.

Under certain US and EU regulations, companies are required to report whether they import conflict minerals or if their products contain conflict minerals, such as tin or gold, from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or its adjoining countries.

We buy raw materials from thousands of sources to supply Unilever factories based in more than 100 countries.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy also covers the use of conflict minerals from this region.

We do not test our products on animals and are committed to ending animal testing wherever we operate.

We use a wide range of non animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers and have complied with the EU animal testing bans for cosmetics since 2004.

We support calls for similar bans to be introduced globally.

Our leading edge research has one clear purpose: to continue to develop new non animal approaches that can guarantee that our products are safe, without any need for animal testing.

We’re proud that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) lists Unilever as a company working for regulatory change’ in recognition of our ongoing work on alternatives to animal testing and our commitment to promoting their adoption worldwide.

As part of our commitment to tackling climate change, we are working to help end deforestation.

Deforestation is a major contributor to climate change, accounting for up to 15% of global greenhouse gas emissions.

More than half of the world’s deforestation arises from land clearance for growing just four raw materials: palm oil, soy, beef, and paper and pulp.

As buyers of nearly 3% of the world’s palm oil and 1% of its soy, we have a significant role to play, but we cannot end deforestation alone.

In 2014 we announced that deforestation would become one of our three priorities for transformational change and, as part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, committed to work with our supply chain, the wider industry, governments and civil society to drive deforestation out of commodity supply chains and to implement solutions at scale.

We take animal welfare very seriously and have the ambition to purchase all our animal derived ingredients from sustainable sources by 2020.

A number of our products include ingredients from animals, such as the eggs in mayonnaise, dairy products in ice cream and meat in bouillons and soups.

Farm animal welfare is one of Unilever’s core sustainable agriculture indicators and is part of our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC).

We believe good farm animal welfare schemes include issues such as housing and stocking density, hygiene, feeding and feed, water supply, health management and the responsible use of antibiotics, the avoidance of mutilations, transport, traceability and slaughtering methods.

We require our suppliers to comply with legal requirements and we help them to improve their performance in order to meet our SAC standards.

Unilever will report on a regular basis about the standards used for our animal derived ingredients and the progress made.

We support responsible use of science and technology in agriculture as it may help meet long term food needs more sustainably.

Genetically modified (GM) crops are widely used by farmers in many countries.

There is a broad scientific consensus that currently marketed GM crops and food ingredients produced from them are safe for people and the environment.

However, GM crops and GMOs (genetically modified organisms) prompt lively debate and views differ from country to country.

Our commitment to safety, quality and sustainable agriculture covers all our food ingredients, whether from conventional crops or GM crops authorised by regulatory bodies.

Where feasible we offer products that meet the preference for foods that do not use ingredients from GM crops.

We also support the provision of information to consumers who want to know about the use of ingredients produced from GM crops.

The human body contains trillions of micro organisms.

They are present all over the body including on the skin and in the digestive system.

The collection of these organisms is called the microbiome and it is unique to each of us.

The microbiome is an exciting area of scientific discovery and understanding.

A balanced microbiome containing a diversity of organisms helps to maintain health and is essential for human development, immunity, health and wellbeing.

Each of our individual microbiomes adapts throughout our lifetime and people can achieve a healthy microbiome in different ways.

We are committed to ensuring that human rights are respected, upheld and advanced across our operations and value chain, wherever we do business.

We respect all internationally recognised human rights that are relevant to our operations.

We prohibit discrimination, forced, trafficked and child labour.

We are committed to safe and healthy working conditions, the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining, and to effective information and consultation procedures.

We expect our partners to adhere to business principles consistent with our own.

We recognise the importance of dialogue with employees, workers and external stakeholders who are, or could potentially be, affected by our actions.

We continue to build our employees’ and workers’ awareness and knowledge of human rights, encouraging them to speak up, without retribution, about any concerns they may have, including through our grievance channels.

We continually evaluate and review how best to strengthen our approach to addressing human rights.

Unilever has been growing tea in Kenya since 1924.

Unilever offers many benefits including housing, free health care, nursery and primary school education, clean potable drinking water and free meals during working hours.

As with any society where work and private lives are tightly intertwined, there are particular challenges that we are working hard to address.

In 2013 allegations of sexual harassment of female workers were investigated and an independent review made six recommendations, which were fully accepted and implemented immediately.

Progress is monitored monthly by our Leadership Team and has focused on prevention through increased education and awareness whilst improving grievance and reporting procedures.

In 2001, after becoming aware of an environmental breach at our former factory in Kodaikanal, we took swift action.

Glass scrap with residual mercury was sold to a local scrap dealer, in breach of guidelines.

We immediately closed the factory and retrieved glass scrap with residual mercury and soil from the scrap yard.

In 2003, we sent all mercury bearing material to the US for recycling.

In 2006, plant, machinery and materials used in thermometer manufacturing were decontaminated and disposed of to industrial recyclers.

An independent environmental impact and risk assessment commissioned by us concluded that there was no adverse impact on the environment in Kodaikanal, except in some areas of the factory premises.

Several expert studies have been conducted since the factory’s closure and all have concluded that our former employees did not suffer ill health due to the nature of their work.

In 2016 we reached a settlement with our former workers on a humanitarian basis at the suggestion of the Madras High Court putting an end to a matter which had been outstanding since a petition was filed in 2006.

To help protect the oceans from micro plastics, we don’t use plastic scrub beads in Unilever products.

Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic which can end up in the seas, causing potential damage to the environment.

Most come from the breakdown of larger plastics in the ocean but some can come from their use in consumer and industrial products.

An example of one possible source is the use of plastic scrub beads as an exfoliating material in some face and body scrub washes.

We formerly used plastic scrub beads in some of our exfoliating products but realised we could make products that work just as well without using them.

So, in 2014, we stopped using plastic scrub beads in these products.

We now use alternative exfoliating ingredients, such as apricot kernels, cornmeal, ground pumice, silica and walnut shells giving consumers confidence that using a Unilever face or body wash is not contributing to the accumulation of micro plastics in the world’s oceans.

To reach our goal of using only sustainably grown raw materials, we minimise use of pesticides.

Our priority is to provide safe products that meet consumer preferences.

Pesticides can help defend against harmful insects, weeds and diseases but we recognise concerns about their potential effects.

Sustainable Agriculture Code, we limit the use of pesticides via integrated pest management (IPM). IPM uses a range of different ways to control pests, including mechanical, physical, biological and cultural methods.

Rainforest Alliance, Fair Trade and the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil.

We also monitor pesticide residues in the raw materials we buy and work with suppliers to ensure they meet regulations.

We are leaders in nutrient profiling’ that is, evaluating the nutritional content of food and drink.

Understanding the nutrient levels in our products is vital for our business.

Consumers rely on pack labels to help them make healthy choices and we need to know nutrient levels to assist with product reformulation and for marketing and advertising our products.

There is no global standard for agreeing nutrient profiles.

Different schemes are being set up around the world.

In 2003, we developed our own global principles on nutrient profiling aiming to make sure that what we do is based on sound science.

As part of these principles, we seek to reflect international guidelines, while taking into account how people eat around the world.

We aim to encourage innovation and food reformulation but focus on the key nutrients of concern in our products such as sugar, salt, and saturated and trans fats.

Providing clear nutrition labelling is vital in the fight against obesity and other dietary related chronic diseases.

That is why we have developed a clear and global approach to nutrition labelling and we are transparent about the nutritional composition of our products, enabling consumers to make better informed choices about the food they eat.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, Unilever is committed to providing details about the Big 8’ nutrients (energy, protein, carbohydrates, sugars, fat, saturated fat, fibre, sodium or salt, and nutrients for which a claim is made) on the back of most packs along with an energy icon on the front.

Europe and the US carry full nutritional information and we are committed to extend this to all our products globally.

In many countries, our labelling exceeds legal requirements.

We also publish nutritional details via websites and consumer care lines.

We are working to improve the resource efficiency of packaging.

Packaging helps keep products fresh and safe but when it ends up in landfill, it is a lost resource and can create environmental challenges.

That’s why we’ve set targets to reduce the environmental impact of our packaging, as part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan.

We aim to reduce the weight of packaging, make it more recyclable, and use more recycled materials.

In some countries, we may support extended producer responsibility’ (EPR) schemes, where we share packaging waste management costs.

That said, we think there’s no one size fits all’ model.

In other countries, we support efforts to promote recycling.

In the emerging markets, where we now sell half our products, some people make a living collecting waste from rubbish dumps.

We support schemes that help these workers become part of a safe, formal recycling system.

We are leading efforts to transform the palm oil industry helping to eliminate deforestation and fight climate change.

As one of the world’s largest buyers of palm oil our scale is both a challenge and an opportunity.

We use the ingredient in products such as ice cream, soap and shampoo.

Palm oil production is historically linked with tropical deforestation so we work hard to transform the industry in a way that allows palm oil production to continue while protecting the forests and the livelihoods of those who depend on its production.

That’s why we believe governments, NGOs and business must work together to ensure the palm oil industry finds the right balance between economic, social and environmental objectives, and why we have helped lead efforts to change the way the industry works.

We will continue to work with our stakeholders to eliminate deforestation, protect peat lands, and drive positive impacts for people and local communities.

Our products are designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended use.

Unilever’s Code of Business Principles sets out our commitment to provide products and services that are safe and to innovate based on sound science.

We have mandatory policies and standards in place to ensure that we meet this commitment.

Safety and quality are an important and integral part of our product design.

Our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre works with teams across Unilever to assess the safety and environmental sustainability of our products and manufacturing processes.

We use internationally recognised external certification standards across our entire supply chain to ensure our management and control processes are robust.

We monitor and track consumer and customer feedback to proactively address potential product quality or safety issues.

Such instances are investigated fully to establish the root cause, with learnings shared globally to prevent recurrence.

We never use embryonic stem cells and all our stem cell research meets the highest ethical and regulatory standards.

Stem cells are indefinitely self renewing and able to differentiate into many different types of cells.

Stem cell technology has the potential to offer treatments for conditions such as leukaemia and tissue damage, as well as offering health and beauty benefits.

Stem cells are also important research tools used to model aspects of human biology.

We want to develop personal care products that bring real health and beauty benefits to our consumers, and work in partnership with leading scientific experts to investigate the potential applications of stem cell technology.

We support research with adult human stem cells and plant stem cells only, never stem cells taken from embryos.

All our research is conducted responsibly, and in full compliance with the highest safety, ethical, legal and regulatory standards.

To help people eat healthily, we are significantly reducing the amount of salt in our products.

A diet containing excess salt (sodium) can lead to raised blood pressure, increasing the risk of heart disease and stroke.

The World Health Organization recommends adults limit their daily salt intake to 5g.

We believe we have a responsibility to offer healthy eating choices, and by the end of 2010 had met our target of decreasing salt levels to enable daily intakes of 6g.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we are cutting levels still further, by enhancing taste with other, healthier ingredients such as herbs and spices, and by using salt substitutes such as potassium salt.

As a result, in 2017, 63% of our Foods portfolio already have salt levels that enable a daily intake of 5g.

In the near future, we plan to reduce salt levels in even more of our products.

We are significantly reducing the amount of saturated fats in our products, and increasing the amount of healthy unsaturated fats.

Unsaturated fats, found in nuts, seeds, fish and vegetable oil based spreads, are good for us, but too much saturated fat found mostly in dairy and meat products is a risk factor for heart disease.

We believe we have a responsibility to offer healthy eating choices to our consumers.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we are committed to reducing saturated fats as much as possible and increasing levels of good unsaturated fats, without compromising on taste and quality.

Robust and high quality science is key to understanding how Unilever’s products can benefit consumers and make a positive impact on both society and the environment.

Investing in science with objectivity and integrity is important to build our knowledge and understanding of how food, nutrition, home and beauty personal care products can benefit public health well being and improve the environmental, social and economic impact of our products.

The world of scientific research is collaborative and we increasingly work with external partners, often in multi stakeholder partnerships.

We are committed to transparency with our collaborations and research findings.

Whether conducting research internally or externally, we always adhere to robust standards and hold our R D leaders accountable for ensuring these are applied.

These science standards form a key foundation to Unilever’s approach to Responsible Innovation and are intrinsically linked to Unilever’s business values.

We’re cutting the level of sugar in many products, to help towards improving consumers’ health.

Many people enjoy the sweet taste that sugar brings.

It also gives texture, structure, flavour and colour to many products, as well as helping to preserve them.

However, health authorities recommend people limit their sugar consumption to reduce the risk of excessive energy intake, as this can lead to obesity, which is a risk factor for heart disease and diabetes.

The Unilever Sustainable Living Plan therefore includes firm sugar and calorie reduction targets in products ranging from our ready to drink teas to our ice creams.

We focus on beverages and ice creams because that is where we can have the biggest impact and so make the greatest contribution to public health.

Of course, our products need to meet consumers’ acceptance for sweetness.

That’s why, in many products, we use approved low calorie sweeteners to fully or partially replace sugar.

We believe sustainable farming is the best way forward to meet the world’s demand for food.

The global population is growing fast so fast, in fact, that by 2030 as much as 50% more food will need to be produced.

Yet climate change, water shortages and biofuel demands are all putting pressure on food resources.

That’s why we’re working with our supply chain partners to promote sustainable farming.

As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we aim to source all our agricultural materials sustainably, without increasing costs to the consumer.

We are focusing first on our main crops, such as palm oil, tea, soy and sugar.

We plan to put a stop to deforestation, to help fight climate change, which is damaging to farming communities.

At the same time, we aim to champion smallholder farmers to help produce enough food and lift people out of poverty.

As one of the world’s largest food producers, we are committed to playing a part in helping to tackle obesity.

More than 1.9 billion adults 39% of the global population are overweight and 13% are obese.

There is no one solution but evidence shows that solutions need to be holistic and take a multi stakeholder approach with governments, NGOs, civil society and business working together to deliver a robust programme of interventions at country level.

We have a multi faceted approach based on: reformulating our products, by reducing levels of sugar and calories in certain products providing clear nutrition labelling, so that consumers can make informed food choices offering lower and zero calorie choices to consumers and encouraging them to eat and live healthily responsible marketing for all ages but especially towards children, and encouraging the wider food industry to establish global best practice.

The tax we pay plays a key part in our wider economic impact and in developing the countries where we operate.

We are supportive of international tax reform and believe public trust in national tax systems is essential.

We have published a set of global tax principles covering such issues as transfer pricing, use of tax havens and relationships with tax authorities that represent good corporate practice in the area of tax management and transparency.

They also balance the interests of our various stakeholders, including consumers, investors and the governments and communities in the countries in which we operate.

Our commercial activity generates considerable tax income for the governments in countries in which we operate.

In 2016, we paid 2.3 billion in corporation taxes.

In addition, we pay and collect numerous other taxes, such as employee taxes, sales taxes, and customs duties.

To help promote heart health, we are removing trans fats from our products.

There are two kinds of trans fats: one type occurs naturally in butter, cheese and some meat, and the other is created during food production when vegetable oils are partially hydrogenated’ to turn them into solid fats.

The World Health Organization says consumers should limit their levels of trans fats, and manufacturers should not use them in foods.

We have been reducing our use of trans fats from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) for 20 years.

In 2010, as part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we committed to stop using them.

By September 2012, 100% of our Foods and Refreshment portfolio by volume did not contain trans fats originating from PHVO.

We support health initiatives to reduce intake of trans fats.

Wipes offer a quick, effective and convenient cleaning solution for our consumers.

There are lots of different types available from face cleansing wipes to kitchen surface or bathroom cleaning wipes.

Advertising marketing Advertising helps inform people about the benefits of our products and innovations.

It is also a way for us to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

We are committed to building trust through responsible practices and through transparent communication both directly to consumers and indirectly through other key stakeholders and thought leaders.

It is our responsibility to ensure that our products are safe and that we provide clear information on their use and any risks that are associated with their use.

We fully support a consumer's right to know what is in our products and will be transparent in terms of ingredients, nutrition values and the health and beauty properties of our products.

We will use a combination of channels, which includes product labels, websites, careline phone numbers and or consumer leaflets to communicate openly with our consumers.

We are committed to responsible marketing and advertising.

As a leading global consumer goods company, we promote the benefits of our products using many different channels of brand communication.

Marketing and advertising can be a powerful force for behaviour change.

They help inform people about the benefits of our products and innovations.

It is also a way for us to engage with consumers on issues that matter to them.

Dove's Campaign for Real Beauty challenges current stereotypes about beauty.

Omo Persil's 'Dirt is good' campaign promotes getting dirty as a natural and positive part of growing up for children all part of their learning and development.

Advertising and Marketing 2011 English.pdf) products that can be enjoyed at any meal time.

At the same time, we recognise the influence of marketing and advertising on consumers and take our responsibilities seriously.

We apply the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) code Advertising and Marketing Communication Practice’ as the basis for all our communications.

The ICC code stipulates that all marketing and advertising must pass the baseline test of being 'legal, decent, honest and truthful’ and that we must ensure that all the claims we make have a sound scientific basis.

We support the development of international self regulatory codes for all marketing and advertising and apply these across our business.

Chamber of Commerce, we have supported the development of general principles in this area and their integration into advertising and marketing self regulatory codes and systems around the world.

In 2003, we were one of the first companies to apply our own principles to the marketing and advertising of all our food and beverage products.

Lawyers Network, our global network of marketing legal experts, in collaboration with our marketing teams.

Principles have been reviewed regularly since 2003 and updates published, the latest being in July 2017.

The Principles require, for example, that our marketing messages are appropriate in the light of obesity issues (such as avoiding the depiction of over sized portions) and that our marketing materials exclude anything that undermines the promotion of healthy, balanced diets and healthy, active lifestyles, or misrepresents snacks as meals.

Principles are applicable to ALL of Unilever’s food and beverage marketing activities and communications globally.

See Unilever's Global Principles for Responsible Food and Beverage Marketing in Downloads.

The Principles also contain additional requirements for marketing foods and beverages directed at children.

They require that our marketing practices: do not convey misleading messages do not undermine parental influence do not encourage 'pester power' do not suggest a time sense of urgency or a price minimisation pressure do not exploit a child’s imagination or inexperience do not encourage unhealthy dietary habits do not blur the boundary between programme or editorial content and commercial promotion.

We have committed to voluntarily restrict all marketing communications directed primarily at children under the age of six years.

We applied this measure because of increasing evidence showing that children below six do not have the cognitive ability to distinguish between advertising marketing and programming.

For children under 12 years of age, research has also established a causal relationship between marketing and advertising and their purchasing behaviour and short term consumption.

For children aged 12 and over, this relationship is much less clear.

EU Pledge) or any binding criteria set by public authorities.

Where differences in criteria exist, Unilever will apply the strictest criteria.

This commitment applies all forms of marketing communication, where 35% or more of the audience is under the age of 12.

This age limit is in line with the definition of a child in the majority of advertising standards in EU member states.

Our principles also include that we only use cartoon characters and celebrities on and in association with products that meet Unilever’s Highest Nutritional Standards.

We do not engage in the promotion of brands or products in primary schools.

Where specifically requested by, or agreed with the relevant health or education body and the school administration, Unilever may participate in campaigns for educational purposes with branding levels agreed with the education body to ensure transparency.

This will only apply to brands and products which fulfil our Highest Nutritional Standards.

In addition to our Global Principles work, since 2008 Unilever has played a major role in promoting industry wide voluntary initiatives to advocate responsible marketing of foods and beverages to children below 12 years of age.

These initiatives, called 'Pledge Programmes', have now been launched in many countries and regions across the world.

World Health Organization (WHO) that third party auditors would monitor the IFBA members’ marketing and advertising principles.

There is much debate around the fashion and marketing industries' portrayal of unrealistic images of beauty through media and advertising.

Unilever brands are free to choose the type of model and actor that fits best with the image of the brand.

However, they are always bound by Unilever’s standards on healthy body images.

In 2007, we adopted a global guideline to prevent the use of 'size zero' models or actors in our advertising to ensure that our advertising does not promote 'unhealthy' slimness.

All brand directors and agencies are expected to use models and actors with a Body Mass Index (BMI) of between 18.5 and 25 as a guideline.

Health Organization’s guidance on what level of BMI can be considered healthy.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Unilever believes that Biotechnology offers important opportunities to help us meet our USLP commitments both in sustainable sourcing of ingredients and the development of innovative products.

Biotechnology can be described as the application of biological systems to develop ingredients and products.

Humankind has used biotechnology in agriculture, food production, and medicine.

Biotechnology has a history of use to modify crops for agriculture.

For our position on use of GMOs and genetically modified crops, our communication can be accessed here ( sustainable living what matters to you genetically modified crops.html).

Below we outline our position on Biotechnology with respect to production of new ingredients and products in a contained and controlled process through fermentation.

Context Biotechnology is becoming increasingly applied and explored as a production route to sustainably produce ingredients at scale.

The biotechnology techniques combined with traditional fermentation processes, such as that used to make bread and cheese are now widely used to create everyday materials and products, ranging from pharmaceuticals and skin cleansers to enzymes.

As these biotechnology approaches become increasingly commonplace, it is possible to produce a diverse range of more sustainable, functional and cost effective ingredients to benefit consumers.

Traditional genetic modification can be used in biotechnology to make ingredients at scale and the resulting products are free of any GMO.

This is a well established process and the materials that result from this activity can be referred to as biotechnology derived ingredients’.

These ingredients are free of any genetically modified organisms (GMO).

Unilever's position As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP), we are committed to helping one billion people improve their health and hygiene, halving the environmental impact of our products and sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably.

Unilever believes that biotechnology can play an important role in product innovation by making products more effective when they are used benefitting the consumer, the environment, and helping us meet our USLP commitments.

Biotechnology has historically been used in agriculture, food production, and medicine.

Biotechnology also has a history of use in modifying crops for agriculture.

Commitment to safety We are already safely using biotechnology derived ingredients.

For decades, biotechnology produced enzymes have been applied in our Homecare business.

More recently, we started developing algal oils for Beauty Personal Care soap bar products and future innovations using biotechnology derived ingredients are being explored.

Our priority is to provide products that are safe and which meet our own strict safety standards and the regulatory requirements of the countries in which they are marketed.

The decision to use new technologies in our products will always be taken on the basis of comprehensive safety and environmental evaluations and risk assessments carried out by our Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC).

Unilever only use biotechnology derived ingredients and processes if they meet the latest scientific and technological standards for safety and environmental stewardship.

This applies to all our biotechnology supplier partnerships.

We use controlled and contained production methods for all biotechnology derived ingredients: this means that after fermentation no active ingredients are released into waste streams.

At Unilever, we actively apply and support a robust regulatory framework for our operations and for our suppliers.

Our approach to biotechnology reflects the way we use science and innovation responsibly to drive sustainable living.

Unilever remains firmly committed to improving the lives of smallholder farmers.

There is no conflict in our commitment to smallholder farmers and our support for biotechnology.

We assess the risks and challenges to smallholder farmers on a case by case basis.

In doing so, we take into consideration the competition for land use to generate food versus the land use for chemicals and assess the pressures on supply and demand.

We turn to waste streams from agriculture, industry and society as a means to support biotechnology.

In addition, efforts are made to ensure alternative sourcing of ingredients through biotechnology that does not disadvantage smallholder farmer practices that may make similar ingredients in markets today.

Unilever works with biotechnology industry partners such as Novozymes and the wider chemical industry in bringing new opportunities for materials to use in consumer products.

Our partners use established and proven biotechnology methods in a controlled and contained environment.

We are open, transparent and committed to engaging with stakeholders to promote the responsible development of new biotechnology approaches for our products.

We comply with regulatory requirements on disclosure and provide information to our consumers about our processes in a way that is meaningful and enables them to make informed choices.

Conflict minerals We aim to not use conflict minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries that have been mined in support of armed conflict in any products.

Our suppliers may continue to source minerals from this region so long as they are sourced from mines or smelters that are verified as conflict free.

We are committed to conducting ongoing due diligence and setting clear expectations from our suppliers.

Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), are available to read in the Downloads.

We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.

Developing alternative approaches to animal testing We use a wide range of non animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers.

Our leading edge research has one clear purpose: to continue to develop new non animal approaches that can guarantee that our products are safe, without any need for animal testing.

Our commitment progress Our commitment to ending animal testing is under pinned by our work since the 1980s in developing and using alternatives to animal tests for assessing safety, e.g.

Unilever’s framework for safety assessment is risk based rather than hazard based.

This enables us to use a wide range of non animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers.

We review all of the available data, including how consumers use the product and safety information on the ingredients it contains.

We are making good progress in developing next generation (non animal) risk assessment approaches for assessing new ingredients.

To encourage acceptance of these new approaches we continue to present and publish our results externally, and are working with international research and policy groups to share our experience.

In 2017 the risk based non animal approaches we developed for assessing consumer safety were discussed with leading scientists, policy makers, regulators and animal welfare organisations at key meetings in the EU, US and China.

Protection Agency (EPA) scientists to advance in vitro and in silico approaches for chemical risk assessment.

Our position We do not test our products on animals and are committed to ending animal testing.

Unilever has complied with the EU animal testing bans for cosmetics since 2004 and supports calls for similar bans to be introduced globally.

Occasionally, across our portfolio, some of the ingredients we use have to be tested by our suppliers to comply with legal and regulatory requirements in some markets and some governments test certain products on animals as part of their regulations.

As part of our commitment to ending animal testing, we have a growing number of brands that ensure that neither their products nor the ingredients they use are subject to animal testing by suppliers or by regulatory authorities.

These brands’ commitment to no animal testing is certified by animal welfare groups.

We use a wide range of non animal approaches to assess the safety of our products for consumers and continue to develop new next generation’ approaches.

Animal Testing Position Statement ( Images animal testing position statement_tcm244 526667_en.pdf) our suppliers and other scientists across the world to share these approaches, to promote their broader use and acceptance by authorities.

Our leading edge research has one clear purpose: to continue to develop new non animal approaches that can guarantee that our products are safe, without any need for animal testing.

Unilever's research focus For over 30 years, scientists at our Safety Environmental Assurance Centre (SEAC) have played a leading role, in partnership with academic researchers, other companies, industry groups and government bodies, in the development, validation and subsequent regulatory acceptance of several non animal methods for use in safety assessments.

These include methods for assessing skin penetration, phototoxicity, skin corrosion and skin irritation.

We have published more than 450 scientific articles on the development and application of alternative non animal approaches, and regularly present our research at scientific conferences.

Euros, in research into non animal approaches for assessing consumer safety.

Our current research focuses on developing next generation (non animal) safety risk assessment approaches, incorporating computational toxicology models, for assessing the potential for chemicals to cause skin allergy and adverse effects following systemic exposure.

During 2017, SEAC’s research on risk assessment approaches for assuring consumer safety without animal testing resulted in the publication of 10 scientific papers.

Partnerships SEAC scientists are working with over 50 partners across the world on non animal approaches to safety assessment, building the capability needed to implement the strategic framework proposed in the US National Research Council’s report Toxicity Testing in the Twenty First Century: A Vision and a Strategy’.

To progress these next generation approaches, Unilever is actively involved in relevant OECD (http: www.oecd.org env ehs testing adverse outcome pathways molecular screening and toxicogenomics.htm) and other global activities, such as those on applying the adverse outcome pathway framework for assessing chemical safety.

EU ToxRisk (http: www.eu toxrisk.eu ), to help drive the required paradigm shift in toxicological testing to non animal, mechanism based, chemical safety assessment.

Unilever was a founding member of the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to animal testing (EPAA), a voluntary collaboration between the European Commission, trade associations and companies from seven industry sectors.

It promotes the development and implementation of alternative methods for safety testing.

Over the past two years, one of Unilever’s science leaders has co chaired the joint regulators industry working group of the International Cooperation on Cosmetics Regulation (ICCR) on integrated strategies for safety assessments of cosmetic ingredients.

In 2018 we announced a multi year strategic partnership with Humane Society International (HSI), the global animal protection organisation.

The partnership’s aims are twofold: to develop capability across companies and regulatory authorities so safety decisions for cosmetics are based on non animal approaches and to build capability for the long term by investing in the training of our future safety scientists in non animal next generation’ risk assessments.

Farm animal welfare Animal welfare is an issue of frequent concern appearing on the agendas of consumers and NGOs as well as in government regulations.

Background A number of our products include ingredients that come from farm animals, such as eggs in mayonnaise, dairy products in ice cream and meat in bouillons and soups.

Farm animal welfare has been one of Unilever’s core sustainable agriculture indicators for many years and is part of our Sustainable Agriculture Code (SAC) (PDF 2MB) ( Images sustainable agriculture code sac 2017_tcm244 515371_1_en.pdf) launched in 2010 and updated in 2017.

Unilever is not a leading buyer of animal derived ingredients and our approach requires successful implementation by our supply chain partners.

Based on the volumes we purchase, our major focus has been on sourcing cage free eggs and on our dairy supply chain, where we have made significant progress in partnerships with suppliers.

Sourcing of cage free eggs Unilever was one of the first global companies to work with egg suppliers to start providing cage free eggs for our products.

In Western Europe, our Hellmann’s, Amora and Calv brands have used 100% cage free eggs since 2009.

We are making significant progress in our commitment to convert 100% of our egg supply to cage free eggs by 2025.

In 2017, 61% of our global egg supply was cage free.

Through our supply partners, we have created additional capacity to source cage free eggs, and we have set a goal of completing this conversion by 2020 for Europe and North America.

For other regions we will engage in industry initiatives to support the transition to cage free egg production with expected conversion in the timescale of 2020 to 2025.

Unilever uses only a small percentage of eggs produced in the market, we take these concerns seriously.

Downloads committed to providing support to the market introduction of these technologies once available to our suppliers.

Producers in the US that they are aiming to eliminate the culling of male chicks by 2020, through the introduction of in ovo sexing of eggs, allowing gender identification before hatching.

Welfare of dairy cows Our ambition, as set out in our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, is to purchase all our dairy ingredients from sustainable sources by 2020.

We are well on our way to achieving this target, with 74% of our dairy ingredients being from sustainable sources in 2017.

Sustainable Dairy ( sustainable living reducing environmental impact sustainable sourcing our approach to sustainable sourcing sustainable dairy ) page.

Through the SAC, we require producers to work with veterinary experts to develop health plans to ensure cattle are monitored to prevent or treat any illness and disease.

In January 2016 we banned tail docking for cows in our Caring Dairy Programme in the US.

This also became a legal requirement in the US in January 2017.

However, in the US r BGH is still used in the production of milk.

In 2015, our Breyers brand in the US is also committed to only sourcing milk and cream from cows not treated with artificial growth hormones.

All farmers in the Caring Dairy programme in Europe need to graze their dairy cows and can receive additional payments if they graze youngstock and achieve a higher longevity.

Dairy programme has also developed the Cow Compass programme that monitors animal health and welfare (based upon the EU welfare quality programme).

This programme has been rolled out to all Dutch dairy companies and will be introduced in Germany during 2018.

For more detail please see the Cow Compass (https: www.zuivelplatform.nl over koe kompas) website (Dutch only).

Knorr: 100% good animal welfare chicken, pork and beef by 2024 Knorr believes in good quality ingredients which are responsibly sourced.

We have already made progress by sourcing 99% of our top 13 vegetables and herbs sustainably.

In 2015 we committed to getting 100% of the chicken, pork and beef that we use in Knorr soups, sauces, bouillon cubes and bouillon powder to good animal welfare standards.

In 2015, we were presented with Compassion in World Farming’s first Special Recognition Award ( news news and features Feature article 2015 knorr commended for its commitment to advancing animal welfare globally.html) for our ambition to advance animal welfare practices in our supply chain and raise standards across the industry.

Since then we have been working with the industry, particularly in North America, where we helped to organise a forum to bring together meat buyers and accelerate change.

More recently, we have decided to join the industry level group The Global Coalition for Animal Welfare (http: www.gc animalwelfare.org ) to work together with others to try to accelerate the transition to higher welfare systems and generate greater supply of higher welfare meat products in the supply chain.

In 2017 we committed to achieving good animal welfare standards across our chicken, pork and beef everywhere in the world by 2024, and updated the specific standards we will follow to achieve that for broiler chickens in North America and Europe.

As a brand, we buy the largest quantity of chicken, so this is where we are starting.

Knorr are responsible for around 80% of the volume of chicken used by Unilever.

Compassion in World Farming (http: www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com ) the leading international farm animal welfare charity since 2015 to develop global criteria for good animal welfare and a framework to start transforming our supply chain.

As part of Knorr’s commitment to the five freedoms’, we focus on four elements that apply to farmed animals.

Natural light: Animals must have access to natural light.

Enrichment: Animals can be raised indoors but must have an enriched environment which lets them express natural behaviour.

For chickens, this can mean they have deep litter which lets them dust bathe, and objects to perch on.

Enough space: For chickens, for example, this means a stocking density of no more than 30kg m .

Healthy animals: Fast growing breeds of chicken can suffer from difficulty walking and poor leg health.

We will only use meat from slower growing breeds of chicken in the US and EU.

For other regions, our minimum standard is that suppliers using faster growing breeds must have a leg health plan in place for their chickens.

We will implement our commitment through equivalent local third party certification schemes, or where these don’t exist, use third party auditors to ensure that our suppliers meet the detailed welfare requirements.

We have worked with independent external experts to assess current practices in our supply chain and, with the help of Compassion in World Farming and other expert consultants, we have started engaging supplier partners on improvements needed to bring consistent and positive change across our supply chain.

For 100% of the chicken we use in the US, we will: a) Transition to strains of birds accepted for use by Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) or Global Animal Partnership (GAP) based on measurably improved welfare outcomes.

In addition, we will meet good animal welfare requirements for pork and beef by 2024, based on the better’ standard of Compassion in World Farming’s detailed welfare matrix for pigs (PDF 518KB) (https: www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com media 7425698 welfare potential matrix sows and meat pigs.pdf) and beef cattle (PDF 387KB) (https: www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com media 7426680 welfare potential matrix beef cattle.pdf).

We will use recognised certification schemes which ensure good animal welfare standards to ensure compliance.

By 2024, 100% of the chicken meat used for Knorr and Unox will: i.

Comply with all EU animal welfare laws and regulations, regardless of country of production ii.

Reduce Stocking Density to 30 kg m2, no cages or multi tier systems iii.

Adopt breeds that demonstrate higher welfare outcomes that meet the criteria of the RSPCA Broiler Breed Welfare Assessment Protocol iv.

Provide enrichment that meets the following standards (natural light, perches and pecking substrates) v. Multi step or inert gas, Controlled Atmosphere processing system or effective electrical stunning without live inversion vi.

Demonstrate compliance via third party auditing and annual public reporting.

In addition, we will meet good animal welfare requirements for pork and beef by 2024, based on the better’ standard of Compassion in World Farming’s detailed welfare matrix for pigs (PDF 518KB) (https: www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com media 7425698 welfare potential matrix sows and meat pigs.pdf) and beef cattle (PDF 387KB) (https: www.compassioninfoodbusiness.com media 7426680 welfare potential matrix beef cattle.pdf).

Where geographically available, we will use recognised certification schemes which ensure good animal welfare standards to ensure compliance.

We have also co invested with one of our pork suppliers to pilot a new pigsty design which keeps the temperature right for piglets and reduces their stress.

Our guidelines with regard to Halal products (PDF 270KB) ( Images unilever position on halal for foods july 2016_tcm244 484654_en.pdf) include our commitment to offer Halal products based on market demands.

We respect the preference of our Muslim consumers for products meeting Halal requirements.

From an animal welfare perspective Unilever requires stunning to be carried out prior to slaughter, whenever permitted under local regulations.

Traditional meat stock or bouillon has always been made by simmering down meat and bones to bring out rich, flavourful juices.

We use a very small part of the animal to make our stocks and bouillons.

To meet higher animal welfare standards for all of the chicken that we use in our products, we need to change the welfare conditions of 102 million chickens, even though we only buy a tiny proportion of their meat.

Because we have a relatively small influence over the market, we need other companies to join us in requiring the same standards.

Unilever has decided to join with others in the Global Coalition for Animal Welfare.

Since 2011 we have been co investing with suppliers to support the transition to sustainable agriculture using our Knorr Sustainability Partnership Fund, a 1 million Euro fund to co invest in projects that promote sustainable sourcing.

We are making the fund available to suppliers who need support for projects to transition to better animal welfare chicken, pork or beef, and we welcome applications from our suppliers apply here (PDF 2MB) ( Images fund proposal_tcm244 409228_en.pdf).

Reporting progress As part of our commitment to be more transparent about our animal welfare progress we are now publicly reporting our purchase of ingredients from higher animal welfare systems.

All percentages below are based on total global volumes purchased for use in Unilever products for the calendar year shown.

The volume increase of cage free eggs in the Unilever supply base is due to the continued effort in working with our suppliers in the USA and the expansion of our conversion programme into Latin America.

This report was published in January 2018 and is supported by Compassion in World Farming and World Animal Protection (formerly known as the World Society for the Protection of Animals).

It provides an objective account of the state of farm animal welfare as a business issue.

Unilever’s position reflects the fact that farm animal welfare is integral to our business strategy through commitments made both in the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, and as separate brand commitments.

Ben and Jerry’s 1 Good Chicken Award and 1 Good Calf Commendation for UNOX (Netherlands) and the European Leader Award for Unilever.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our in a sustainable future. headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Genetically Modified Crops Here we present Unilever’s position on genetically modified crops.

Argentina, Canada, India, China and South Africa, now grow genetically modified (GM) crops that have been approved by local authorities.

A large proportion of some of the world’s major agricultural food commodities, such as soy, maize and rapeseed are now grown as GM crops.

Other crops with significant GM production are cotton and sugar beet.

Nevertheless, the use of GM technology in agriculture continues to be the subject of lively debate.

GM crops have repeatedly been declared safe for use, that they are easier to manage, more cost effective, and often more productive, which could play an important role in feeding the planet’s growing population.

Opponents express concerns about the impact of GM crop farming on biodiversity and the environment, and the leading position of a few seed companies.

They also worry about the dependency of smallholder farmers on these seed companies, and their ability to compete in a global market.

Safety Authority (EFSA) and Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ)) have concluded that from a human and environmental perspective, authorised GM crops and food ingredients produced from them are safe.

Concern is often higher in Europe and some parts of Asia compared to the US or Latin America, where the use of food ingredients produced from GM crops is common.

Next to that, the global regulatory environment is increasingly complex as different rules apply, not only to the authorisation of GM crops (in terms of both cultivation and their use in food products), but also to the provision of information to the consumer.

For instance, approaches to the labelling of food ingredients produced from GM crops vary greatly.

It is mandatory in about 60 countries, including the European Union, Russia, Turkey, Australia or Brazil.

In the US, attempts to enact such a requirement in some states triggered a federal law about the mandatory disclosure of information to consumers.

In line with our aspiration to make sustainable living commonplace, we believe that science and technology, used in a responsible manner in agriculture, hold the potential to help meet the world’s long term food needs more sustainably.

As one of the largest consumer goods companies in the world, Unilever’s priority is to provide consumers with products that are safe, meet all regulatory requirements and fulfil our high standards for quality.

Our commitment to safety and quality includes all of our food ingredients, whether produced from conventional crops or from GM crops authorised by regulatory bodies.

We believe that these GM crops are as safe as their traditional counterparts and fully support regulatory control of the use of GM technology and continued scientific review in this area.

We have committed to sourcing 100% of our agricultural raw materials sustainably by 2020.

We believe the use of responsibly grown GM crops in markets where there is regulatory and consumer approval can sit alongside our sustainability ambitions.

We are also committed to improving the lives of smallholder farmers ( sustainable living enhancing livelihoods inclusive business connecting with smallholder farmers to enhance livelihoods ).

Since 2010 we have helped more than 800,000 gain access to training and support often including the provision of seeds as part of our commitment to make a positive impact on the lives of 5.5 million people in our value chain by 2020.

Unilever fundamentally supports the principle of transparency and the provision of information to consumers who want to know about the use of ingredients produced from GM crops.

In markets where there is a labelling requirement, Unilever will provide on pack information in full compliance with the relevant legislation.

In markets where there is no regulatory framework for mandatory labelling, Unilever will work with industry stakeholders to support the voluntary provision of information via websites or consumer carelines to disclose the use of ingredients produced from GM crops in food products.

At the heart of our business and our brands is a deep commitment to consumers.

We recognise some have a preference for foods made to specific production standards, such as processes that do not use ingredients produced from GM crops.

Where feasible we offer products that meet these preferences.

Kericho Tea Estates Unilever has been growing tea in Kenya since 1924.

The estate in Kericho covers over 8,700 hectares and is Rainforest Alliance certified.

Responding to challenges In Kericho, Unilever provides workers with pay and working conditions significantly above the agricultural workers’ norm approximately two and a half times the statutory minimum agricultural income in Kenya.

Unilever also offers housing, annual leave pay, transport allowances, paternity and maternity leave, free health care, nursery and primary school education, clean potable drinking water and free meals during working hours.

As with any society where work and private lives are tightly intertwined, there continue to be particular challenges that we are working hard to address.

In December 2013, Unilever published an update on working conditions at our tea estates in Kericho.

Leader community and the grievance handling system.

Unilever fully accepted these recommendations which were implemented immediately.

Update on working conditions at Kericho Since December 2013 progress has focused on the prevention of incidents through increased education and awareness, as well as improving the grievance and reporting procedures.

We continue to be committed to sharing our learnings and actions.

Resources Manager and Welfare Officer joining the team.

The team has now been expanded to include four female Welfare Assistants.

The Vice President (VP) of Tea Procurement and Operations also relocated to Kenya.

In 2013 extensive investigations into Code of Business Principles (the Code) violations led to strong disciplinary action.

Bi weekly Code Committee meetings actively review reported cases and current investigations and preventative measures to address any breaches are developed.

In 2013, the grievance process was revised and plans were made to improve the confidential ethics channel.

Tanzanian and Ugandan based employees can choose to speak with a Kiswahili speaker.

Since 2013 we have worked with the hotline service provider to improve the quality of reporting and the time taken to connect a caller to the appropriate language speaker.

Since 2013, a number of recommendations and policies related to enhancing the safety of women and girls and men and boys have been implemented.

These recommendations have now been implemented, resulting in a substantial improvement in the way sexual harassment issues are addressed.

The changes include further awareness raising of sexual harassment issues and what constitutes sexual harassment and more opportunities for girls to engage in social activities and mentoring.

We recognise that the challenge remains to eliminate the root causes and can only be achieved by providing education on sexual harassment and gender based violence against women and girls in partnership with others in the wider community.

In 2013, the terms of reference for the Dignity Enhancement Committee (DEC) were strengthened and the DEC hearings became part of Leadership Team (LT) meetings.

The LT continues to provide support, guidance and oversight to the DEC.

In monthly meetings, the LT reviews areas of concern and reported breaches of the Code.

They stay close to the issues and help to design appropriate interventions that address root causes and prevent escalation.

Since 2013 changes have been introduced to ensure that the balance of power within the Team Leader community has improved with increased oversight by the Human Resources (HR) and Welfare teams.

Today just under 40% of Team Leaders are female, a significant increase from 3% in 2013.

Greater transparency in recruitment from the placing of adverts to the completion of panel interviews with 91 female Team Leaders and 33 female Leaf Inspectors being recruited.

Monitoring progress Progress is continually monitored through monthly reviews with the VP of Tea Procurement and Operations and bi monthly meetings with the Chief Procurement Officer.

Supply Chain Officer Pier Luigi Sigismondi visited Kericho to experience progress at first hand.

The programme of investment in Kericho has continued.

The provision of solar power lighting and phone charging capability to 100% of the workers houses, as well as improved street lighting in the villages, is now complete.

Lightning arrestors have been placed in every house and the community halls have been fitted with televisions and board games.

A sanitation improvement programme is due to be completed in 2016, with new fittings being installed in 102 new toilet and bathroom buildings.

These improvements continue to represent a significant long term investment by Unilever, and remain leading edge in the tea industry.

Our work in Kericho is part of a long and challenging journey by Unilever to operate to the highest standards.

However, we also know the issues we face are not unique either to Unilever Tea Kenya or the tea industry.

In parallel to raising standards on our estates and those of our strategic suppliers, we continue to share our experience, including improvements in safety, security, gender diversity and grievance reporting, with other industry partners to help raise standards globally.

Spotlight on Kericho Unilever has identified eight salient human rights issues and one of these is harassment.

Kericho was the subject of a case study on this issue in our first Human Rights Report, published in June 2015.

Kodaikanal, India We are sometimes asked about a breach of our environmental operating guidelines at our former thermometer factory at Kodaikanal, India.

The facts Our Code of Business Principles commits us to conducting our operations with honesty, integrity and openness.

Principles, we have summarised below how this breach of our guidelines occurred as the facts of this issue are often misunderstood or misrepresented.

Glass scrap with residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about three kilometres away from the factory, in breach of our guidelines.

HUL immediately closed the factory and launched an investigation.

There were no adverse impacts on the health of employees or the environment.

This has been confirmed by many independent studies.

There was limited impact on the soil at some spots within the factory premises which required remediation.

With the necessary permits from the US and Indian governments, the recovered glass scrap was sent to the US for recycling in 2003.

Pre remediation work was started in 2009 at the site.

However, in 2010, the TNPCB decided to have additional studies conducted by eminent national institutions in response to NGO requests.

Central Soil and Water Conservation Research Training Institute) were submitted to TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee (SEC) in February 2011.

Project Report (DPR). HUL submitted the DPR in August 2015.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

To read more about this, please click here (https: www.hul.co.in news press releases 2017 hul to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in kodaikanal.html).

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.

In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil remediation standard of 20 mg kg.

The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain an expert opinion on whether the Site Specific Target Level of 20 mg kg is the right remediation standard.

In the interim, the NGT has asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory premises.

HUL signed a settlement on humanitarian grounds with former workers on March 4, 2016.

As part of the agreement, HUL, with an objective to ensure long term wellbeing of its former workers, has provided ex gratia payments to 591 workers association members and their families to be used towards livelihood enhancement projects skill enhancement programs.

The text below clarifies the steps we have taken to reach this stage.

The mercury thermometer factory was set up in Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu State, in southern India in 1983.

Pond's India, and with it the thermometer factory, merged with Hindustan Limited in 1998.

Thermometers were a product line that was not core to Unilever but they were a source of export earnings to which the Indian government attached high importance.

Given Unilever's strategic decision to exit non core product activities, the factory's long term future within the company was under review some time before the events described below.

A decision to exit the thermometer business had already been made in January 2001.

Hindustan Unilever's attention the fact that glass scrap with residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about three kilometres away from the factory.

HUL immediately closed the factory and launched an investigation.

Dames and Moore as independent international environmental consultants to make an environmental assessment and risk assessment of the site.

Our investigation revealed that 5.3 metric tonnes of mercury tainted glass scrap (containing approx. 0.15% residual mercury) had been sold in breach of our established procedures.

There were strict processes in place for recycling glass scrap with residual mercury.

It was these procedures that had been breached and glass scrap with residual mercury had gone to recyclers, who should only have had pure glass scrap.

The Final Report from URS on the assessment for mercury at the site concluded that the Kodai lake had not been impacted by mercury the people who had worked at the site had not suffered adverse health effects due to the factory operations and remediation of soil was needed at the site.

HUL removed 7.4 tonnes of glass scrap with residual mercury and the soil beneath the scrap from the scrap yard to its factory premises for safe storage.

HUL also took action to track down any glass scrap which had left the site over the previous ten years and offered to recover any scrap from recyclers for safe storage on the Kodaikanal site.

Five silt traps were constructed to prevent discharge of soil from the factory site to the Pambar valley, the only direction into which the water flows out of the site.

This task was completed in time for the 2001 monsoon season.

HUL sought permission as early as June 28, 2002 for the clean up or remediation of the land within the premises of the factory to a high, residential standard known as the 'Dutch standard' (10 mg kg).

Hindustan Unilever negotiated with the Indian and US governments for permits to pack and transport the mercury containing material to the US for recycling.

The consignment consisted of 290 tonnes of materials and included glass scrap with residual mercury, semi finished and finished thermometers, effluent treatment plant waste and elemental mercury.

Inc. for recovery of mercury and its subsequent recycling disposal.

HUL continued to pursue with the TNPCB permissions to remediate the soil and also to de contaminate and scrap the thermometer making equipment at the Kodaikanal site.

Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) and finalised the scope and timing of the NEERI study and their involvement in the physical decontamination of the equipment at the site and the soil remediation.

The plant and machinery and materials used in thermometer manufacturing at the site were decontaminated and disposed of as scrap to industrial recyclers.

Court Monitoring Committee to monitor the remediation measures.

For the remediation of the contaminated soil on site, NEERI conducted pilot plant trials at the factory and its results were considered by NEERI while it recommended a soil remediation protocol.

NEERI recommended soil washing and thermal retorting technologies in this protocol.

NEERI presented the protocol to the TNPCB and the Scientific Experts Committee and the protocol was accepted.

Based on the recommendation of the Scientific Experts Committee, the TNPCB set soil remediation criteria and asked NEERI to prepare a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for undertaking soil remediation.

NEERI submitted the DPR to TNPCB and sought permission to commence the remediation work.

The Scientific Experts Committee and TNPCB considered the DPR. They granted in principle approval for the remediation, asking Hindustan Unilever to incorporate some suggestions and submit a revised DPR.

TNPCB granted permission for remediation to commence and set the remediation criteria of 20 mg kg of mercury concentration in soil.

The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) is the statutory authority in the state of Tamil Nadu, India to set soil remediation criteria.

It should be noted that India does not have any accepted numerical standards for either assessing soil contamination or for determining remediation criteria.

The Supreme Court Monitoring Committee directed NEERI to develop the remediation criteria for the site, based on a Risk Assessment Study.

Remediation standards or clean up criteria will vary from site to site depending on soil conditions, future land use, the need for the preservation of local ecology and potential risks.

It is also pertinent to note that screening criteria such as the British and Dutch Intervention Values do not necessarily mean that these would be applicable as the soil clean up standard or remediation criteria.

Value for mercury was originally 10 mg kg in 2001.

Based on new scientific data and models generated by the Dutch authorities, the Intervention Value was revised upwards to 36 mg kg in 2006.

Pre remediation work started in May 2009 according to the approved Detailed Project Report.

Assessment Study is the internationally recognised procedure for remediation.

Scientific Experts Committee during the project review meeting in January 2010, additional studies were undertaken by national institutions.

Conservation Research Training Institute, Ooty, studied the impact on soil and soil erosion.

The IIT Delhi study recommended the site specific clean up standard of 22.4 mg kg for soil remediation.

During this period, TNPCB and SEC met five times including two site visits to the factory.

Subsequent to the findings of the above three studies, the Scientific Experts Committee, in May 2013, reconfirmed 20 mg kg as the clean up standard for soil remediation in the factory.

Further to this, in February 2014, TNPCB has asked the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) of the Central Government of India to advise on the clean up standard.

In December 2014, the CPCB invited the NGOs for a meeting to understand their concerns on the remediation standard, but the NGOs did not participate.

On August 10, 2015, HUL submitted a Detailed Project Report for soil remediation to TNPCB. The DPR has been prepared based on the soil remediation standard, as recommended by Scientific Experts Committee (constituted by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee) and as agreed by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal on August 16, 2017.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.

Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to TNPCB.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil remediation standard of 20 mg kg.

The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain an expert opinion on whether the Site Specific Target Level of 20 mg kg is the right remediation standard.

In the interim, the NGT has asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory premises.

Comprehensive occupational health and safety systems existed at the Kodaikanal factory prior to its closure in 2001.

Internal monitoring within the factory and external audits carried out by statutory authorities during the operation of the factory showed that there were no adverse health effects to the workers on account of their employment at the factory.

In addition, many expert studies carried out after the closure all concluded that there had been no adverse health impacts on ex employees due to the nature of their work in the factory.

India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) and the National Institute of Occupational Health (NIOH).

In February 2006, some of the ex employees of the Kodaikanal factory approached the Madras High Court seeking directions for conducting a fresh health survey and providing economic rehabilitation.

This petition was filed more than four years after HUL had made a full and final settlement in November 2001.

The severance package was significantly higher than the statutory requirement.

The workers had been offered alternative jobs in another unit of the company.

In June 2007 the Honourable Madras High Court constituted a five member expert committee (including representatives from ITRC, AIIMS and NIOH) to decide whether the alleged health conditions of the workers and their families were related to mercury exposure.

The committee was also asked to decide whether a new health study was needed.

The expert committee obtained inputs from the petitioners and from Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) and, during a visit to the factory in October 2007 to understand its safety systems and procedures, also examined some ex workers and family members of ex workers.

The expert committee submitted its report in December 2007.

Its conclusion was that The committee failed to find sufficient evidence to link the current clinical condition of the factory workers to the mercury exposure in the factory in the past .

The Madras High Court appointed expert committee ruled out the need for any fresh health study.

HUL signed a settlement on humanitarian grounds with former workers on March 4, 2016.

As part of the agreement, HUL, with an objective to ensure long term wellbeing of its former workers, has provided ex gratia payments to 591 former workers association members and their families.

These will go towards livelihood enhancement projects skill enhancement programs.

Kodaikanal: The clean up of the former factory site Following the settlement with our former workers in Kodaikanal ( news press releases 2016 HUL and former employees of Kodaikanal factory sign settlement.html), we continue to be determined to address the clean up of our former thermometer factory site.

There is no single clean up standard (or remediation standard ) for cleaning mercury contaminated sites in India or any other country.

The standard proposed for Kodaikanal 20mg kg was set by the TNPCB, the expert Government body, not Hindustan Unilever.

It was set using a science based, site specific risk assessment as per international best practice.

Applying this standard would make the soil safe for children to play in, to grow root vegetables from, and would be protective to the environment.

Remediating the soil to a more onerous standard would cause greater ecological damage because significantly more soil would need to be excavated and trees felled.

A lot of misinformation is being shared about this issue.

In 2001, it was brought to our attention that glass scrap, containing residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer about three kilometres away from the factory, in breach of our guidelines.

On discovering this, Hindustan Unilever (HUL) immediately shut down the factory and took all the glass scrap with residual mercury along with the soil from the scrap yard back to the factory for safe storage.

Subsequently in 2003, HUL sent all mercury bearing material including the glass scrap from the scrap yard to a mercury recycler in the USA, after obtaining appropriate permissions.

Kodaikanal factory sign settlement.html) within our factory premises.

Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) the statutory authority.

Permission to begin the clean up at the set soil remediation standard of 20 mg kg was granted in July 2008.

However, in 2010, the TNPCB decided to have additional studies conducted by eminent national institutions in response to some activists contesting the soil clean up standard of 20 mg kg and subsequently asked HUL to stop the remediation work.

Supreme Court Monitoring Committee, reviewed the studies and set the site specific clean up standard of 20 mg kg.

Control Board (CPCB) the foremost organisation that deals with issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India to whom the TNPCB had referred the matter, also approved the clean up standard.

Some activists have made misleading claims about this complex issue which has resulted in further confusion.

We want to make sure that the facts are accurately represented.

Determining the clean up standard The proposed clean up standard of 20 mg kg mercury has been determined based on a site specific risk assessment study.

Taking into consideration factors such as soil type, exposure scenarios, and the sensitivity of receptors, both human and environmental.

Site Specific Human Health Ecological Risk Assessment study conducted by IIT Delhi in 2010.

A study on the impact and preservation of trees by National Botanical Research Institute, Lucknow, in 2011.

The expert studies conducted by these institutions of national repute were reviewed by the TNPCB and SEC before confirming 20 mg kg as the applicable remediation standard in May 2013.

April 2015 after reviewing the results of all these studies.

However, some activists are campaigning for the 20mg kg standard to be arbitrarily lowered by incorrectly referring to preliminary screening criteria of various countries to make their case.

This is misleading because these screening criteria are solely intended to identify if a risk assessment of the site is warranted.

They do not mean the affected site should be cleaned up to that level.

International best practice dictates that if soil remediation is required, the clean up standard should then be determined based on a site specific risk assessment taking into consideration factors like the surrounding ecology, the soil type, and the expected human exposure levels.

The 20 mg kg standard set by the TNPCB for the soil in the factory has been determined based on this site specific risk assessment approach.

At this level, not only would the soil be safe for a child to play in and to grow vegetables in, but the clean up would be protective both for humans and the environment.

Remediating the soil at a lower standard will result in uprooting of more trees and greater soil excavation thereby leading to risk of much greater ecological damage in the hilly terrain where soil content is not uniform.

An estimated 300 trees will be affected removed if the standard is 20 mg kg.

We estimate that the area to be excavated would be approximately 10,000 m if the standard is 20 mg kg.

Getting to work TNPCB is the statutory authority to set the soil remediation standard.

In consultation with SEC they have set the remediation standard to 20 mg kg based on the risk assessment study at our former factory site in Kodaikanal.

CPCB has confirmed this standard which is based on science and follows international best practice.

We believe it is in the best interests of Kodaikanal that we remediate the soil as soon as possible to a rigorous science based standard, which is protective of both human health and the environment.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal on August 16, 2017.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.

In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB.

The NGT has reaffirmed the soil remediation standard of 20 mg kg.

Board (TNPCB) to commence full scale soil remediation to the remedial standard of 20mg kg at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

We estimate that the remediation process will take around three years to complete after all other statutory approvals are received.

Hindustan Unilever Limited is committed to cleaning up the site.

Following this, some of the activists approached the National Green Tribunal (NGT) contesting the soil remediation standard of 20 mg kg.

The NGT has directed the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to obtain an expert opinion on whether the Site Specific Target Level of 20 mg kg is the right remediation standard.

In the interim, the NGT has asked HUL to wait for its order to begin remediation of soil inside the factory premises.

The soil remediation consists of soil washing and vacuum retorting treatment processes.

Impacted soil will be excavated from the contaminated areas and transported to factory shed for treatment.

The soil will be mixed with water, agitated, scrubbed, washed and screened into various size fractions.

Those fractions with mercury content higher than the remediation standard will be heated in vacuum retort and mercury vapour will be condensed into elemental mercury.

Treated soil meeting the clean up standard will be backfilled to the excavated area and rehabilitated.

The soil remediation processes were tested successfully during the trials undertaken from 16th Aug 2017 to 18th Nov 2017.

HUL will involve international environmental consultants M s Environmental Resources Management and remediation services providers in the process.

Committee constituted by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee and Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board.

The Local Area Environment Committee and Local Body i.e.

Kodaikanal Municipality will be associated with the remediation.

The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) the statutory authority which has the responsibility of protecting the environment in the state of Tamil Nadu, where the site is located set the remediation standard for the clean up.

Court Monitoring Committee, and the Central Pollution Control Board the foremost organisation that deals with issues concerning pollution control under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India while deciding the remediation standard.

In line with international best practice, a site specific risk assessment was carried out at our former site taking into consideration human and environmental safety.

Following this a remediation standard of 20mg kg was set by the TNPCB.

At this level, it will be fully protective of human health and the environment.

Environment and Forests, Government of India to whom the TNPCB had referred the matter.

We remain fully committed to cleaning up the soil at our former factory and are eager to start work as soon as possible.

This has been a longstanding issue, dating back to 2001, when it was found that glass scrap with residual mercury had been sold to a scrap dealer in breach of our guidelines.

HUL immediately closed the factory and launched an investigation.

There was no adverse impact on the environment except in some areas within the factory premises which required remediation.

This has been confirmed by many independent studies.

We sought permission as early as 2002 to begin the soil remediation, but it was not until 2007 that we received in principle approval to start work after a full analysis was carried out by NEERI.

During the intervening period, other remedial measures such as the export of mercury bearing material to US in 2003 and decontamination and disposal of plant and machinery in 2006 were undertaken.

Soil remediation work began in 2009, but was stalled the following year after some activists contested the clean up standard resulting in further studies being carried out by national institutions to assess the impact on matters such as tree preservation and soil erosion.

TNPCB referred this matter to the CPCB, who endorsed the standard of 20 mg kg in 2015.

In 2015, Hindustan Unilever submitted a Detailed Project Report for soil remediation to the TNPCB, based on the soil remediation standard as recommended by the SEC.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB. In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB. The company is engaging with TNPCB on next steps.

The TNPCB set and CPCB approved 20mg kg standard has been reached following internationally recognised best practice for determining site specific remediation criteria.

There is no science to back any reduction in the site specific remediation criteria, as it is not based on any site specific risk assessment.

A remediation to the Canadian Soil Quality Guideline would not be any more protective to human health and the environment than a remediation to the site specific mercury remediation standard.

A lower standard will lead to greater ecological and environmental damage on account of greater soil excavation and will lead to soil erosion ecological imbalance in the hilly terrain where soil content is not uniform.

We estimate that 300 trees will be affected removed if the standard is 20 mg kg as set by the TNPCB and approved by the CPCB. If the standard is taken to 6.6 mg kg (as currently suggested by activists based on current Canadian Soil Quality Guideline), an estimated 3 to 4 times the number of trees will be affected removed.

We estimate that the area to be excavated would be approximately 10,000 m2 if the standard is 20 mg kg as set by the TNPCB and approved by the CPCB. If the standard is taken to 6.6 mg kg, the area to be excavated would be around five times more causing significantly greater disturbance of a fragile ecosystem, and implications for soil run off and landslides.

There is no single remediation standard for the clean up of mercury contamination either in India or any other country.

Some countries have established preliminary screening criteria, which are used by regulators to determine whether a site is potentially contaminated or not and whether a site specific clean up standard should be established.

These criteria vary from country to country and are different to the standards which regulators set when remediation is required.

Remediation standards are based on a risk assessment study of the site in accordance with international best practice.

Agency and European Environmental Protection Agencies follow this approach.

Some activists have claimed that 6.6 mg kg is the remediation criteria that should be adopted for the site.

The Ministry of Environment Forests (MOEF), Government of India, has not issued any document which proposes 6.6 mg kg as the remediation standard.

Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has set the remediation standard based on site specific risk assessment study.

This has been done as directed by the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee.

Even the guideline issued by CPCB in 2015 mandates site specific risk assessment for deciding remediation standard for remediating contaminated sites.

Environment and Forests, Government of India to whom TNPCB had referred the matter.

Arbitrarily lowering the remediation standard without any scientific basis can result in risks to the local ecology whilst not providing any additional benefit.

HUL is committed to cleaning up the site and will commence work once the consent is received from the regulatory authority and necessary statutory permissions are received.

On December 31, 2016, HUL received permission from TNPCB to commence preparatory work and trials for soil remediation at former factory site in Kodaikanal.

On August 16, 2017, HUL commenced soil remediation on a trial basis at its former factory site in Kodaikanal.

The trial was conducted for a period of three months and was successfully completed in November 2017 in accordance with the Detailed Project Report and as per the approval given by TNPCB.

In February 2018, HUL submitted the final soil remediation plan for remediating the soil inside the factory premises to the TNPCB.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Microplastics Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic which can end up in the seas, causing potential damage to the environment.

Most come from the breakdown of larger plastics in the ocean but some can come from their use in consumer and industrial products.

Background Microplastics originate from a variety of different sources including the breakdown of larger plastic materials in the water, the shedding of synthetic fibres from textiles during domestic clothes washing, and from the use of small plastic beads, for their abrasive or other properties, in a range of consumer and industrial products.

As a member of the detergents industry, Unilever are working together with textile and clothing manufacturers to better understand, address and minimise the effect of textile wear during the life cycle of clothes.

Products (AISE) (https: www.aise.eu newsroom aise news aise joins cross industry agreement on prevention of microplastic release from the washing of synthetic textiles.aspx back 8).

Unilever used to use small plastic scrub beads in a limited number of dedicated beauty personal care products, such as exfoliating face and body washes.

The plastic scrub beads were used as an ingredient because of their ability to gently remove dead skin cells from the surface of the skin.

Many consumers enjoy the clean feeling that using products with the beads provides.

See Plastic scrub beads ( about innovation Our products and ingredients Your ingredient questions answered Plastic scrub beads.html) for more information.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Product Safety Quality Consumers trust us to provide them and their families with safe and high quality products.

All of our products are designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended use.

Safety comes first Our Code of Business Principles sets out our commitment to provide branded products and services that are safe, and to innovate based on sound science.

We have mandatory policies and standards in place to ensure that we meet this commitment.

Safety and product quality are an important and integral part of our product design.

As part of our Responsible Innovation approach, we design safety and sustainability into our products and manufacturing processes using the best science available.

See Safety and Environmental Science ( about innovation safety and environment ) for more.

We monitor and track consumer and customer feedback to proactively address potential product quality or safety issues.

Sometimes mistakes can be made in the end to end value chain that potentially impact product safety or product quality.

A product might, for example, have a quality defect or a contamination of the raw materials or a mislabeling of ingredients.

If this happens, protecting consumers' safety is our number one priority and when it is necessary, we will recall such products from the marketplace.

We track the number of product incidents we have globally.

Unilever classifies them into those that could potentially impact consumers’ safety and incidents that could potentially seriously impact product quality.

Over the last five years, market place product quality incidents have reduced by 54%.

All improvements have been driven by focused improvement projects targeted at improved risk reduction measures in our manufacturing sites and those of our suppliers.

Manufacturing and the application of other targeted programmes.

Our target for 2018 is to reduce quality incidents by a further 50%.

Separate to our market place incidents are our public recalls where we, as a company, recall or correct particular products for the protection of the public.

The table below shows public recall data since 2013.

In 2017, two public recalls took place one as a result of undeclared food allergens, and the other as a result of microbiological spoilage.

No consumers were harmed as a result of these incidents.

Beauty Personal Care manufacturing facilities (PAS420), which has been adopted by an independent 3rd party and converted into a certifiable scheme HPC420.

Unilever will continue to work with external organisations and the authorities to develop more rigorous product vulnerability risk assessments and counter measure programmes that will help prevent malicious or economically motivated adulteration.

We continue to work in partnership with research organisations, industry partners, NGOs and regulators to strengthen consumer confidence in our products, and to work with them to try to find alternative ingredients, where appropriate.

In 2017 we created an online platform which provides information beyond what’s given on labels, such as our approach to developing safe products, explanations of ingredient types and answers to common questions.

For more information, please see what’s in our products ( brands whats in our products.html).

Research with stem cells There are several types of stem cell and it is important to distinguish between those derived from humans, other animals and plants as well as between adult, embryonic and induced pluripotent stem cells (generated artificially via reprogramming of adult cells).

Background Stem cells have indefinite self renewing capacity and are the only cells to be active throughout our entire life.

They divide and differentiate into many different types of cells.

Given their unique regenerative abilities, stem cells offer many potential therapeutic benefits (in areas such as leukaemia, Parkinson's disease and the repair of damaged tissues) and health beauty benefits.

They are important research tools used to model aspects of human biology (such as skin biology and hair biology) that are difficult to study in detail by other means.

Downloads of ingredients on specific biological processes.

We do not undertake any research with embryonic stem cells.

We support research with adult human stem cells and plant stem cells only.

We conduct all our research and innovation responsibly, in full compliance with the highest safety, ethical, legal and regulatory standards and requirements.

We work in partnership with leading scientific experts to investigate the potential applications of stem cell technology, including health and beauty benefits for consumers.

We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in a sustainable future.

Science with objectivity and integrity is a key foundation to Unilever’s approach to responsible innovation.

Unilever is committed to investing in science and scientific research that enhance our knowledge and understanding of how food, nutrition, home and personal care products can benefit public health and well being, and how the environmental, societal and economic impact of our products can be improved.

We champion responsible research and development (R D) and are committed to the application of high standards of quality to all our scientific activities.

Hypothesis driven: Scientific research should be hypothesis driven and follow the principles of scientific rigour.

This includes discussion of any limitations or challenges of the work in order to ensure objective and robust critique and evaluation.

Scientific criteria: All scientific research, irrespective of the source of the research, should meet the universal scientific criteria in terms of methodology and design, data quality and validation, and statistical analysis.

We pursue academic consensus as the strongest demonstration of the validity and robustness of science.

We strive to maintain scientific objectivity as an essential requirement including in discussions with external parties.

We believe policy decisions must be primarily informed by objective scientific evidence.

Other dimensions taken into account in decision making need to be made transparent.

The leadership in our R D organisation takes responsibility for the adherence to these.

Policies (PDF 5MB) ( Images code of business principles and code policies_tcm244 409220_en.pdf).

We consider independent peer review as the best method to maintain our standards of quality.

We embrace dialogue with the world’s scientific community so we can operate at the forefront of scientific developments.

We will present key findings and research developments in international conferences or meetings to encourage discussion and build scientific consensus.

Where we are seeking to reach scientific consensus, we will publish the science we conduct.

This in particular applies to research on the safe use of our ingredients and the potential impact of specific product ingredients.

When we publish our scientific research, we will do so in independent, peer reviewed journals and other appropriate forums, which bring transparency and awareness for our consumers, regulators and sector.

We are transparent and open about our research collaborations with external partners, such as universities and consortia.

The world of scientific research is collaborative and we increasingly work with external partners, often in multi stakeholder partnerships.

We apply in these collaborations the same principles as we apply to our own research.

Tax Tax, particularly international tax, is a key issue for us, our stakeholders and other interested parties.

The tax we pay is an important part of our wider economic and social impact and plays a key role in the development of the countries we operate in.

We regard it as a critical element of our commitment to grow in a sustainable, responsible and socially inclusive way.

Sustainable Development Goals (PDF 421KB) ( Images tax and sdgs_tcm244 523215_en.pdf).

Our Code of Business Principles sets out the standards of behaviour we expect all employees to adhere to.

While Unilever has a clear responsibility to comply in full with the laws in the countries in which we operate, we also choose to do this by respecting not only the letter of the law but also the underlying tax policy intent.

We must also square our responsibilities as a co operative, compliant taxpayer in each and every country we operate in with the need to support competitive business growth serving all our stakeholders including investors, suppliers and employees.

Sometimes this means that the total tax we pay in a particular country will decrease due to changes in our business model resulting in a change to where value is created.

For example, a decision to close a factory in a certain country would result in a change to the amount and the jurisdiction of the tax paid.

These are important business decisions taken to ensure our future competitiveness.

While we recognise that they sometimes negatively impact a country’s tax revenue, without taking such decisions the overall tax raising potential of our business would decrease.

Re building public trust in the corporate tax system is vital when broader taxpayer trust in the system is damaged people become less willing to comply and all taxpayers suffer as a result.

Addressing public concerns that some multinationals are not paying their fair share of tax, requires not only technical international tax reforms but also better efforts to improve public understanding and awareness.

Providing user friendly information about a company’s tax position to a broad range of stakeholders plays an important role in this.

We endorse the B Team Responsible Tax Principles (http: www.bteam.org announcements responsibletax 2 ) which were developed with a group of leading companies, along with involvement from civil society, investors and representatives from international institutions.

We support the OECD international tax reform work on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS). As we operate in a global competitive environment, we urge tax policy makers to implement international tax reform in a coherent, co ordinated way so that there is a level playing field and the risk of paying tax twice on the same income is minimised.

Our tax strategy Our brands are important assets used in our business, and managing them effectively requires a global strategy.

Centralising parts of our business means we can offer consumers innovative products quickly.

By bringing together activities in one location, we create efficiencies and economies of scale which create value for our consumers and our shareholders.

As a result, there are many transactions between Unilever Group companies, and the transfer pricing for these transactions must reflect an arm’s length or market price.

Our pricing is driven by the activities undertaken and the value created in each part of our business.

Corporate income tax is payable on the profits made by the companies in the Unilever Group after deducting business expenses and legislated tax reliefs such as depreciation on equipment and R D incentives as provided by the tax laws in the countries we operate in.

We aim to pay the right amount of tax at the right time, on the profits we make, and in the countries where we create the value that generates those profits.

The tax authorities in the countries in which we operate may not agree with some of the judgements we make.

For the Unilever Group this happens most often in the area of transfer pricing where there can be different views from different jurisdictions’ tax authorities of where value is created and therefore which country has the right to tax the profits arising.

Here our biggest challenge is to ensure that we pay tax only once on the profits, particularly since the current international system for resolving tax disputes often falls short of what is needed.

Advance Pricing Agreements with the relevant country tax authorities based on full disclosure of all relevant information.

We want to pay all the tax that is due, we just don’t want to pay tax twice on the same profits.

Exercising judgement on tax sensitive items consistently across the Unilever Group means our employees need a common understanding of Unilever’s perspective on tax risk.

Unilever has adopted a set of global tax principles covering areas such as transfer pricing, use of tax havens and relationships with tax authorities.

The tax principles are a clear articulation of our tax governance framework and Unilever’s perspective on tax risk.

We act at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and are guided by relevant international standards (for example OECD Guidelines).

We aim to comply with the spirit as well as the letter of the law.

We regularly put forward understandable, timely and transparent communication about our tax policy and total tax payments.

We aim to pay an appropriate amount of tax according to where value is created within the normal course of commercial activity.

Any transfer pricing is always calculated using the arm’s length’ principle.

We do not use contrived or abnormal tax structures that are intended for tax avoidance, have no commercial substance and do not meet the spirit of local or international law.

Secrecy jurisdictions or so called tax havens’ are not used for tax avoidance.

We only seek rulings from tax authorities to confirm the applicable treatment based on full disclosure of the relevant facts.

We respect the right of governments to determine their own tax structures, rates of tax and collection mechanisms.

We seek to develop strong, mutually respectful relationships with national tax authorities based on transparency and trust.

Where countries have weak or poorly constructed fiscal regulation and or institutions we support work to help develop the capability of tax authorities and systems.

We report annually to the Board on adherence to the Unilever Tax Principles.

Our tax principles in action We set out below further details on some of our principles.

Group located in countries identified as tax havens: two in Panama, one in Jersey and one in the Isle of Man.

The Panama companies are both operating companies: one is a marketing and sales company and the other provides regional services including logistics.

The Jersey and Isle of Man companies are both holding companies which are UK tax resident and therefore subject to tax in the UK.

As well as these companies located in countries on the OECD tax havens list, we had a dormant subsidiary in the Cayman Islands which has now ceased to exist.

We promote open, transparent working relationships with tax authorities and early engagement in advance of undertaking transactions and filing tax returns.

In the Netherlands Unilever engages with the Dutch tax authorities through regular meetings, calls and correspondence which includes discussing the tax impacts of potential future events, such as a business restructure, in advance.

This constructive cooperation and real time working results in transparency as well as faster and greater clarity on Unilever's positions.

In the UK Unilever has an open and transparent relationship with HMRC (Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs).

Unilever and HMRC engage cooperatively with regular face to face meetings and telephone calls with any issues being discussed on a real time basis, including pre filing meetings in advance of filing our tax returns.

In Australia, we are a signatory to the Board of Taxation's Voluntary Tax Transparency Code.

The Code aims to enhance the community’s understanding of the corporate sector’s compliance with Australia’s tax laws.

It outlines a set of principles and minimum standards to guide the disclosure of tax information by businesses.

This open approach helps us with our goal of achieving certainty over tax positions but such an approach is not always possible.

For example, in some developing countries we face significant challenges in reaching agreements and in some cases find regional and national tax authorities taking different views on the same issue.

We take part in working groups such as those set up to engage on new legislation arising from BEPS.

We help tax authorities develop expertise and understanding of our industry and in partnership with the OECD Tax Development team have run business sector knowledge sessions for tax authorities in Africa and Latin America.

Tax evasion and criminal facilitation of tax evasion is illegal.

Failure to Prevent the Facilitation of Tax Evasion.

This applies automatically to a Corporation where an associated person (employee or third party) acting for or on behalf of the Corporation criminally facilitates tax evasion.

We maintain a zero tolerance approach to dealing with such behaviour.

Unilever and continue to adopt reasonable prevention procedures, which are proportional to the risks inherent in our business.

We report to our Board’s Audit Committee on tax strategy and provide updates on tax regulation and key tax challenges we are facing.

The Audit Committee receives an annual update on the Group’s effective tax rate, tax provisions, key tax issues for the coming year, and compliance with our Tax Principles.

We have a Tax Principles scorecard to assess whether material transactions or changes in the way we do business comply with our Tax Principles.

The scorecard is completed by our Tax managers and reviewed by senior members of our Tax team.

Material transactions must be scored against the various Tax Principles and the transactions will not be approved unless they achieve a certain score.

Tax function responsibilities organisation Unilever’s Tax team is part of our Finance function, which reports to the Group Chief Financial Officer.

Vice President Global Tax leads a senior team of around 80 people with specific geographic and technical responsibilities, including specialists in Transfer Pricing, Indirect Taxes and Employment Taxes.

Advice is sought from external advisors on material transactions and whenever the necessary expertise is not available in house.

The Tax function is organised on a global basis which ensures we have consistent tax policies, strategies and processes, and can invest in the team’s continuing professional development.

Most of our Tax team work with our operations in a country with only a few central roles, allowing the Tax team to stay closely connected to Unilever’s business and the tax developments in country.

Managing our tax risk As a business, we are subject to taxation in the many countries in which we operate.

The tax legislation in these countries differs and is often complex and subject to interpretation by management and the government authorities.

Recent developments in the international tax arena have increased the likelihood of changes to tax systems in the countries we operate in and this creates added uncertainty.

The risks are managed through our Tax Risk Framework and monitored through a web based tool for collecting details of all our corporate income tax exposures and provisions.

We use the tool to collect details of all exposures and provisions on a quarterly basis.

It has an approval process for any new provisions or changes to existing provisions, and also includes an Annual Compliance Checklist, in which countries confirm that they have met all their statutory tax obligations, that their controls are operating effectively and that all tax positions are in compliance with our Tax Principles.

We have a tax compliance tracking tool to centrally monitor the filing of all corporate income tax returns and related tax payments.

A key way to manage tax exposure is to be as current as possible in agreeing the final tax liability for the tax year with the tax authority, so we monitor and seek to minimise the number of open tax years where final agreement has not yet been reached.

Our Tax Risk Framework The Tax Risk Framework sets out the key tax risks and the mitigating actions that Unilever takes to manage and monitor those risks.

There are five key risk areas covered by the tax risk framework policy, governance organisation, people, compliance documentation, reporting risk management.

Unilever’s business generates considerable tax income for the governments in the countries in which we operate.

In addition to corporation taxes, we pay and collect numerous other taxes.

These include employee taxes, sales taxes, customs duties and local transaction taxes.

This comprised 3.9 billion of taxes borne by Unilever, and 4.4 billion of taxes collected from employees and customers on behalf of governments.

The chart below further breaks down the corporate tax paid by Unilever ( 2,164 million) by region and by the top three largest countries within these regions.

Timing differences: Tax payments relating to a particular year’s profits will typically be due partly in the current year and partly in the following year.

Deferred tax: The Group tax charge includes deferred tax which is an accounting adjustment arising from timing differences.

Timing differences occur when an item has to be included in the financial statements in one year but is required to be taxed deducted for tax in another year.

Uncertain tax positions: Unilever is subject to taxation in the many countries in which it operates.

The tax legislation of these countries differs, is often complex and is subject to interpretation by management and the government authorities.

These matters of judgment give rise to the need to create provisions that may result in a tax payment in future years.

We make provisions against individual exposures and take into account the specific circumstances of each case, including the strength of technical arguments, recent case law decisions or rulings on similar issues and relevant external advice.

Approximately two thirds of our uncertain tax provisions relate to judgements on transfer pricing where there is the potential for disputes due to tax authorities potentially having a different point of view on where value is created.

Report and Accounts of 1,667 million, shown as a percentage of the worldwide Group profit before tax.

Note 6A (p105 of the 2017 Annual Report and Accounts) to the Group consolidated financial statements provides a tax reconciliation on a Group basis of the 2017 effective tax rate of 21% to the expected tax rate of 26% (the weighted average rate applicable in the countries where we made our profits).

In addition, where there is a requirement to prepare local company financial statements, this will also generally include an effective tax rate reconciliation for the local company.

An aggregate decrease in the tax rate of 5% due to benefits from preferential tax regimes that have been legislated by the countries and provinces concerned in order to promote economic development and investment (4%), see further detail below re tax incentives.

The Group’s future tax charge and effective tax rate could be affected by several factors including changes in tax laws and their interpretation and still to be determined tax reform proposals in the EU and Switzerland, as well as the impact of acquisitions, disposals and any restructuring of our businesses.

Tax incentives Tax incentives are government measures that are intended to influence business decision making or to encourage businesses to invest in a particular way by reducing the amount of tax they have to pay.

A number of the territories in which we operate offer incentives of various kinds.

We seek to use these incentives where they are aligned with our business and operational objectives and where they require economic substance in order for the tax incentive to be granted.

Turkey provides tax nvestment regimes for large industrial projects.

Currently Unilever has two projects benefitting from the incentive.

The first is an ce cream factory and the second is a factory which makes cleaning and beauty personal care products, both located in the province of Konya in Central Anatolia.

The incentives are granted to help develop this and other regions in Turkey.

The benefit is in the form of a lower tax rate on the profits generated from the sale of goods manufactured in those factories.

India provides tax incentive regimes to encourage research and development activity in the country.

Unilever participates in an incentive regime which relates to research and development carried out on eligible products.

These include a wide range of home and beauty personal care products such as detergent and body wash.

The incentive comes in the form of enhanced corporate tax deductions for the associated costs, including capital costs on relevant plant and machinery.

Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist share an interest in a sustainable future. teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.

Human microbiome The human body contains trillions of micro organisms.

They are present all over the body including on the skin and in the digestive system.

The collection of these organisms is called the microbiome and it is unique to each of us.

The microbiome is an exciting area of scientific discovery and understanding.

A balanced microbiome containing a diversity of organisms helps to maintain health and is essential for human development, immunity, health and wellbeing.

Each of our individual microbiomes adapts throughout our lifetime and people can achieve a healthy microbiome in different ways.

At Unilever, we work to enhance the health and wellbeing of people all over the world.

One way we do this is by supporting people to have a healthy and balanced microbiome ensuring the microbiome is resilient and by promoting and stimulating the growth of good bacteria.

We work with world renowned experts to understand the microbiome and develop products that are specifically designed to support it.

For example, good hygiene practices such as hand washing and mild cleansing can help to preserve a balanced microbiome and enhance the skin’s natural defense immunity a healthy oral microbiome helps to prevent gum disease and a balanced gut microbiome can positively affect our metabolism and how we process energy from food.

We have a global team of expert microbiologists who are dedicated to this area of research.

We quickly adopt new techniques once they are validated and develop new techniques ourselves.

We are supporting research to build even more knowledge and understanding of this vast and continuously developing area of science.

All of Unilever’s products are thoroughly assessed to be both effective and safe.

Wipes Wipes offer a quick, effective and convenient cleaning solution for our consumers.

There are lots of different types available from face cleansing wipes to kitchen surface or bathroom cleaning wipes.

Some wipes are designed to be flushable, while others have to be disposed of in general household waste to avoid them blocking sewers and potentially contributing to marine litter.

To help ensure that non flushable wipes are not mistakenly flushed down the toilet we are committed to giving consumers clear information about the right way to dispose of them.

For our non flushable wipes, we will always include a clear do not flush logo on the front of the product’s pack.

In accordance with the industry standard, this logo will also be visible near the point of the wipe’s extraction from the pack.