20212021

Table of Contents

Sustainability Introduction 
Employees 
Communities 
Operations

About Operations 
Construction, Landscaping & Preservation 
Energy & Refrigeration
Transportation & Logistics 
Waste Minimization 
Water Minimization
Environmental Compliance

Merchandising

About Merchandising
Human Rights
Environment Impacts & Land Stewardship 
Packaging
Animal Welfare
Sustainable Fisheries & Aquaculture 
Chemical Management
Kirkland Signature
Product Categories

Cocoa, Coffee & Coconut
Eggs & Dairy
Gas & Automotive
Grains
Oils, Honey & Spices
Organics, Greenhouse Grown & Horticulture 
Protein & Plant Based Alternatives 
Seafood & Aquaculture
Textiles & Cotton
Wood, Pulp & Paper

Climate Action Plan

- Costco Wholesale Corporation -
SUSTAINABILITY
COMMITMENT

“This Sustainability Commitment includes our updates for Fiscal Year 2021. We
continue to make progress on many of our sustainability commitments and goals,
including those related to our Climate Action Plan and Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion. We thank our employees, suppliers, members and the communities
where we operate for their continuing support as we work together to address
these commitments and goals.”

— Craig Jelinek, President and CEO

OVERVIEW

Our aim is that our business remains responsible, resilient and relevant in accordance with our Mission Statement
and Code of Ethics.

Code of Ethics
Obey the law
Take care of our
members
Take care of our
employees
Respect our
suppliers
Reward our
shareholders

Mission
Statement
To continually provide
our members with
quality goods and
services at the lowest
possible prices. 

These inform and guide our everyday goal to do

the right thing and are the foundation of our
business. Costco will continue to adapt as we

learn more about our impact and global
challenges such as climate change, human rights
issues, and compromised natural resources.

Sustainability to us is remaining a proﬁtable business while doing the right thing. We have
adopted the following principles and responsibilities to help us navigate a dynamic and changing
future, while still striving to do the right thing and remain a low-cost and eﬃcient business
operator.

Our Sustainability Principles

Our Sustainability Responsibilities

For Costco to thrive, the world needs to thrive.
We are committed to doing our part to help.
We focus on issues related to our business and
where we can contribute to real, results-driven
positive impact.
We do not have all of the answers, are learning
as we go and seek continuous improvement.

Take care of our employees.
Support the communities where our employees
and members live and work.
Operate eﬃciently and in an environmentally
responsible manner.
Strategically source our merchandise in a
sustainable manner.

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE & EDUCATION

Sustainability is important to all levels of our company, and we are working together toward our goals
and progress on our initiatives. Examples include:

Regular reporting to our Board of Directors and to the Nominating and Governance Committee, which is the
committee with primary oversight of sustainability goals and progress
Monthly reporting to our global executive team
Our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance reports directly to our CEO and chairs our newly
formed Environmental Social Governance (ESG) Executive Advisory Committee. The Committee is made up of

cross-functional leadership and helps manage the integration of our sustainability policies into our business
The Board approved a new Executive Bonus Plan, which includes quantitative performance metrics
concerning diversity equity and inclusion, resource consumption, and other emissions and environmental-
related areas, and contemplated that emissions reductions will be a qualitative factor in discretionary
environmental and social bonuses. The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation
Committee will jointly oversee this element of the Plan.
We keep our members and employees informed of our eﬀorts through articles in the monthly publication for
members, Costco Connection, and additional articles for our employees in Costco Today
We provide training and educational opportunities for our employees and suppliers throughout the year, many
of which are discussed throughout this Sustainability Commitment
We provide policies and guidelines to our employees and suppliers as well as additional job aids and
operational procedures to help our employees comply with our policies and programs

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGS)

In FY2021 and in accordance with Point No. 1 of our 10-point Climate Action Plan, we assessed the United Nations

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to prioritize our Climate Action Plan in relation to our business model. The
SDGs are 17 globally accepted 2030 goals, with 169 targets that balance economic, social and environmental
dimensions of sustainable development.

Following standards set by the UN Global Compact for SDG Disclosure, we conducted a materiality assessment,
with assistance from an outside third party, to prioritize what makes sense for our business. The assessment
included:

Undertaking preliminary scenario planning exercises
Performing risk and opportunity assessments of operations and merchandising
Incorporating our Code of Ethics and what “doing the right thing” means to us
Emphasizing the importance of mapping and tracing our value chains, to learn what is actually happening on
the ground and to help us help make actual positive change
Integrating our Forest Conservation Commitment and our key commodities
Benchmarking against peers for industry alignment – we are comprehensive relative to our peers

We have identiﬁed the following SDGs as our priorities:

Clean Water and Sanitation (6)
Decent Work and Economic Growth (8)
Reduced Inequalities (10)
Responsible Consumption and Production (12)
Climate Action (13)
Life Below Water (14) and
Life on Land (15)

This chart outlines these goals, our initial key performance indicators, our FY2021 baselines and where each SDG is

referenced in this Sustainability Commitment.

SDG

Our Goals

Initial Key Performance
Indicators

FY 2021 
Baseline

Learn More

6 – Clean 
Water 
& Sanitation

Water is a precious and limited
resource that cannot be
wasted. Costco is committed
to improving water use
eﬃciency and reducing
operational water waste.

Facilities with
operational water
monitoring systems
(excludes Costco
Logistics)

Operational Water
consumption

67.4%

3,668,243,000
gal

Read more
about our
Water
Minimization
eﬀorts

8 – Decent 
Work 
& Economic 
Growth

Costco is committed to
protecting the human rights,
safety and dignity of the people
who contribute to the success
of our business. This includes
supporting the welfare of the
people who produce, process,
harvest and transport the
products we sell.

Read through our Supplier Code of Conduct and
Strategic Collaborations on our Human Rights page
and our Merchandising pages for examples of worker
and community support programs at source

10 –
Reduced 
Inequalities

We aim to have a diverse
workforce that is representative
of the communities where we do
business and to foster an
inclusive environment. We also
aim to make a positive
contribution to the well being of
the communities where we do
business.

Gender and
racial/ethnic group
representation of our
employees

See our
Gender and
Race and
Ethnicity
Demographics

See our
Employees
page to
see more
of our
eﬀorts

See our Communities page to learn about our eﬀorts to
support our communities and to invest in where we do
business

12 –  
Responsible 
Consumption 
& Production

13 – Climate 
Action

Costco’s goal is to continually
decrease the amount of waste
going to landﬁlls through
reducing food waste at source,
feeding hungry people and
animals, supporting industrial
programs (i.e. Biofuel),
composting and other recycling
and donation programs.

Costco’s goal is to continually
decrease the amount and
impact of packaging waste
through packaging elimination,
reduction through redesign,
and oﬀering packaging that is
widely recyclable, compostable
and/or made from recycled
content.

We will be implementing a
series of standards, metrics,
and goals to build a holistic
Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) strategy.
Meaningful climate action is a
central pillar in that work. Our
plan prioritizes the mitigation of
Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e
emissions and water usage.

Waste diversion rates

78.3%

17M
Pounds

Reduction of Kirkland
Signature and Fresh
Produce plastic
packaging, based on
supplier reported data.

Global Scope 1 & 2 GHG
emissions (reported for
CY 2020 in alignment w/
CDP Reporting)

2,663,033
mt CO2e

See our
Waste
Minimization
page to learn
about our
diversion and
donation
programs

See our
Packaging
page to learn
more and see
our progress
to date on
these eﬀorts

For year over
year progress,
see our
Current CO2e
Emissions
Tracking page

14 – Life
Below 
Water

We will continually source
sustainable seafood products
from either wild ﬁsheries or
farmed aquaculture in ways
that help meet current
demands without
compromising the availability of
scarce resources for future
generations.

15 – Life on
Land

Our goal is to responsibly
source wood, paper and ﬁber-
based products in a way that is
respectful to the forest
ecosystem and the
environment. Certiﬁcations help
to ensure that the needs of the
forest ecosystems and their
communities are balanced with
conservation of our forests for
future generations.

Kirkland Signature wild
species product sourced
from MSC certiﬁed
ﬁshery or in a FIP, based
on supplier reported 
data.

Kirkland Signature
farmed salmon, tilapia,
shrimp, and pangasius
sourced from ASC
certiﬁed farms or in an
AIP, based on supplier
reported data.

Kirkland Signature pulp &
paper product certiﬁed to
FSC, SFI, PEFC and/or
recycled content, based
on supplier reported
data, and as reported in
the Sustainability
Commitment

59.8%

49.2%

See our
Sustainable
Fisheries &
Aquaculture
eﬀorts

99.9% Read about

our Forest
Conservation
Commitment
on sourcing
material for
KS items and
other key
commodities

SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD

In FY2021, and in accordance with Point No. 10 of our 10-Point Climate Action Plan, we began an assessment of
ESG reporting methodologies, best practices, trends and opportunities. We determined that the Sustainability

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards would provide investors information pertaining to topics that are
relevant to our operations.

We identiﬁed two SASB industries most relevant to our business: Food Retailers & Distributors and Multiline; and

Specialty Retailers & Distributors. A cross-functional team reviewed these SASB metrics and selected those that

were relevant to our operations. With the assistance of third-party consultants, we conducted a data quality risk-
assessment of these selected SASB metrics. Based upon that assessment, we identiﬁed a subset of SASB metrics

for 2021 reporting for our U.S. operations. The following SASB reference table serves as a guide to our initial

disclosure for this ﬁrst year. We intend to expand our SASB disclosures in the coming years.

Topic

1
FY 21 Metric Data for U.S. Operations

Learn More

Fleet Fuel 
Management

Air Emissions from 
Refrigeration

FB-FR-110a.1 Fleet fuel consumed, percentage renewable 

Transportation & Logistics

2
1,770,000 GJ, 0% renewable

FB-FR-110b.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions from
refrigerants

Energy & Refrigeration

461,000 mtCO e from systems with capacity over
50lbs

3,4

2

Energy 
Management

FB-FR-130a.1 Operational energy consumed, percentage
grid electricity, percentage renewable energy

15,036,000 GJ, 62.7% grid electricity, 3.7% renewable
3
energy

Climate Action Plan

FB-FR-230a.1 Number of data breaches, percentage
involving personally identiﬁable information (PII), number
of customers aﬀected

Data Security

One (1) breach occurred within the reporting period
which may have involved personally identiﬁable
5
information, less than 500 members impacted

Data Security

FB-FR-230a.2 Discussion of management approach to
identifying and addressing data security risks

Labor Practices

FB-FR-310a.1 (1) Average hourly wage and (2)
percentage of in-store and distribution center employees
earning minimum wage, by region

Employees - Compensation &
Beneﬁts

(1) $24 average hourly wage
(2) All employees earn more than the regional minimum
wage

6

FB-FR-310a.2 Percentage of active workforce covered
under collective bargaining agreements

2021 10K: Item 1–Human
Capital 
(page 6)

8.2% of employees are covered under collective
bargaining agreements

CG-MR-310a.2 (1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover
rate for in-store employees

Employees - Workforce Tenure
& Development

(1) 13.2% voluntary turnover
(2) 10.2% involuntary turnover, including seasonal
workforce
4.5% involuntary turnover of regular workforce

CG-MR-330a.1 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic
group representation for (1) management and (2) all other
employees

7

Workforce
Diversity 
& Inclusion

(1) Management: 33.5% Female, 66.5% Male 21.0%
Hispanic/Latino, 8.1% Black/African American, 6.6%
Asian, 3.2% Multiracial, Native Hawaiian/ Paciﬁc
Islander, or American Indian/ Alaska Native, 61.0%
White

Employees

(2) Non-management: 44.9% Female, 55.1% Male
30.6% Hispanic/Latino, 9.4% Black/African American,
8.1% Asian, 4.6% Multiracial, Native Hawaiian/Paciﬁc
Islander, or American Indian/ Alaska Native, 47.3%
White

FB-FR-000.A Number of (1) retail locations & (2)
distribution centers

(1) 564 warehouses and business centers
(2) 117 logistics and distribution facilities

Activity Metrics

FB-FR-000.B Total area of (1) retail space and (2)
distribution centers

2021 10K: Item 2—Properties 
(page 19)

2

2
(1) 7.7 mil m  operating space (83.2 mil ft )
(2) 2.5 mil m  associated with logistics and distribution
2
facilities (27.2 mil ft )

2

1
 Excludes poultry complex operations. 

2
 Renewable fuel is not directly purchased, however there may be renewable fuel in mix purchased. 

3
 Data reported reﬂects calendar year 2020. 

4
 Data is as reported by third-party service technicians and excludes logistics operations. 

5
 Consistent with the NIST Computer Security Incident Handling framework, Costco maintains incident response plans and

playbooks that address corrective actions to be taken in response to data security incidents. While the actions themselves are

incident-speciﬁc, they may include notiﬁcations to impacted individuals and regulatory agencies, additional employee

communications and training, technical or physical controls or process implementation, and documentation reviews and updates. 

6
 Our "true rate of pay" is $27, which includes twice-yearly Extra Checks (bonuses) for long-tenured hourly employees. 

7
 Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding.

DATA SECURITY

In its U.S. operations, Costco identiﬁes and addresses data security risks based on several frameworks, including 
ISO27001, the NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI 
DSS). The company’s governance policies, including the Information Security Policy, outline high level strategic 
information security objectives to meet compliance and regulatory requirements. We have standards, procedures 
and programs to guide the management of data security risks.

Costco has implemented several technology measures, leveraging third-party security providers when needed, and 
engages in multiple activities to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risks in systems (e.g., scanning for common 
vulnerabilities and exposures, penetration tests on internal and external networks, code scans on applications, 
employee awareness and training, internal and external audits). We also review on a risk based priority third parties 
with whom we do business in an eﬀort to reduce the likelihood of security incidents or business interruptions.

Costco employs a “defense in depth” strategy to address the attack chain and safeguard our systems and 
information. Some of the measures utilized by Costco include phishing detection and mitigation, multi-factor 
authentication, information system protection systems such as anti-malware, anti-ransomware, endpoint detection 
and response, ﬁle integrity monitoring, and other system hardening techniques. Networks are protected using 
network detection and response capabilities, are segmented, and provide ﬂow level visibility into lateral movement 
potential; e-commerce systems are protected by a web application ﬁrewall. This layered defense concept 
combined with our detection and response capabilities allow us to minimize the potential risk of unauthorized 
access to our systems and information. Our Vice President of Information Security reports regularly to the Board of 
Directors and senior management concerning our security practices.

PROGRESS

We continue to incorporate sustainable practices in our business. Our practices are evolving over time, as we learn 
more and adapt to our ever-changing world, and we update our Commitment to reﬂect these changes. The data 
reported is compiled from the best available sources at the time of publication, may change as new information 
becomes available and will be restated if necessary in future reports.

Our Sustainability Commitments Archive provides historical versions of the Commitment only as a matter of 
convenience to users, who may wish to compare them over time. These historical Commitments are superseded in 
their entirety by the current version of the Commitment and should not be relied upon as currently accurate 
disclosures or otherwise.

For questions or more information, please contact Costco Customer Service.

EMPLOYEES

COMMUNITIES

OPERATIONS

MERCHANDISING

CLIMATE ACTION PLAN

BACK TO TOP

Statements contained in this document are aspirational and relate to the manner in which the Company currently intends to conduct

certain of its activities, based on management's current plans and expectations. These statements are not promises, guarantees, or

statements on which you should rely with respect to the Company's conduct or policies, and are subject to a variety of risks and

uncertainties, some of which may be material and/or beyond the Company's control. In addition, certain statements contained in

this document constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For

these purposes, forward-looking statements are statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that the

Company expects or anticipates may occur in the future. In some cases forward-looking statements can be identiﬁed because they

contain words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “might,” “plan,”

“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms.

Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to diﬀer

materially from those indicated by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, domestic and

international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the eﬀects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the ﬁnancial

markets, consumer and small business spending patterns and debt levels, breaches of security or privacy of member or business

information, conditions aﬀecting the acquisition, development, ownership or use of real estate, capital spending, actions of vendors,

rising costs associated with employees (generally including health-care costs), energy and certain commodities, geopolitical

conditions (including tariﬀs), the ability to maintain eﬀective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, COVID-19 related factors and

challenges, including (among others) the duration of the pandemic, the unknown long-term economic impact, reduced shopping

due to illness, travel restrictions or ﬁnancial hardship, shifts in demand away from discretionary or higher-priced products, reduced

workforces due to illness, quarantine, or government mandates, temporary store closures due to reduced workforces or government

mandates, or supply-chain disruptions, and other risks identiﬁed from time to time in the Company’s public statements and reports

ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the

Company does not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law.

Last Updated: May 2022

EMPLOYEES

Costco has 288,000 employees worldwide. A key to Costco’s continuing success
and growth is the attraction and retention of great employees.

COMPENSATION & BENEFITS

Everywhere we do business, we seek to provide competitive wages and beneﬁts to our employees. The vast

majority of Costco’s workforce consists of hourly employees in warehouse locations. We compensate these hourly
employees very well by retail standards. This helps us in the long run by minimizing turnover and enhancing
employee productivity, commitment, and loyalty. We encourage our employees to view Costco as a place where
they can have a long-term career rather than just a job.

In the U.S., we provide generous beneﬁts, including aﬀordable health care coverage for full- and part-time

employees, and sizable contributions to company-sponsored retirement plans, based on years of service. We
provide twice-yearly Extra Checks (bonuses) for long-tenured hourly employees. We believe our paid sick, vacation
and leave policies for hourly employees are very competitive by retail standards. We have adopted operational

practices designed to beneﬁt our hourly workforce, such as a 50% full-time ratio, guarantees of minimum

scheduled hours and weekly schedules posted at least two weeks in advance.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated challenges, we began providing premium pay to all
warehouse and depot hourly employees in March 2020 and continued for a full year through February 2021, at
which time a portion of the premium was built permanently into our hourly wage scales in the U.S. In fall 2020, we

also began oﬀering employees additional paid time oﬀ to attend to child care and schooling needs through the

2021 school year.

As a business deemed to be essential during the COVID-19 pandemic, Costco expanded its seasonal period,
adding over 17,000 employees to the U.S. workforce between March and August 2020.

Our worldwide policies and practices are designed to mirror our practices in the U.S., subject to local regulations,
customs and market conditions.

For salaried management in our locations, as well as positions in the corporate and regional oﬃces, we also seek

to provide competitive compensation and beneﬁts. In recognition of their impact on Costco's success, Costco

implemented an annual Extra Check program for mid-level managers in 2019 with the ﬁrst payout taking place in

September 2020. Although many salaried employees might be able to ﬁnd higher compensation or better perks at

other companies, our retention rates, particularly for longer-term Costco employees, are very high. We believe our

competitive compensation and beneﬁts, opportunities for growth and advancement, and the stability and culture

of the company drive our strong retention rates.

WORKFORCE TENURE & DEVELOPMENT

In the U.S., our employees average over nine years of service with the company. Over 60% of U.S. employees

have ﬁve or more years with Costco, and over one-third have more than 10 years. Costco also has long-tenured

workforces elsewhere, particularly in more mature markets in Canada, the UK, Mexico and parts of Asia.
Worldwide, we have over 17,000 employees that have more than 25 years of Costco service. We feel the

experience level and loyalty of our employees gives us a signiﬁcant advantage.

A related advantage comes from our philosophy and practice of promoting from within our employee ranks. We are

proud of the fact that over 70% of our warehouse managers worldwide began their Costco careers in hourly

positions. In addition, a majority of our corporate and regional oﬃce employees started in our warehouses, depots,

and business centers.

We have student retention programs available worldwide that allow our warehouse employees to maintain their

employment status while attending college.

We have a voluntary program, Journeys For All, which oﬀers all employees opportunities to succeed through

education, mentoring and connection.

We’re developing a new Merchandising Recruitment and Employee Development team. Their main responsibility is

to optimize talent from our warehouses, depots, and all other operational units for the Home and Regional Oﬃces.

The team will educate employees on the roles in Buying, and will support employee onboarding and development.

We believe that diﬀerent perspectives, as well as operational knowledge, will be good for both our Buying teams

and warehouse employees.

We have a 12-week program designed to provide supervisor-level merchandising training to management without

merchandising experience. Merchandising is an important element of the competencies required of a warehouse

general manager, a key position at Costco. We also updated and expanded the opportunities within our current
supervisor-in-training program for hourly employees. These programs resulted in a larger candidate pool,
increased diversity in applicants and increased employee engagement.

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

Introduction

Our Code of Ethics makes clear our commitment to take care of our employees. It has always been Costco policy
that employees deserve an environment free from all forms of unlawful employment discrimination. All decisions
regarding recruiting, hiring, promotion, assignment, training, termination, and other terms and conditions of
employment will be made without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work-related injury, covered
military or veteran status, political ideology or expression, genetic information, marital status, or any other
protected status.

Our work on diversity and inclusion is not new, but it continues with increased emphasis. Costco’s philosophy of
creating an inclusive and respectful workplace is part of our culture to ensure that everyone feels included and

respected in all aspects of our business. We know that embracing diﬀerences is important to the growth of our

company as it leads to opportunities, innovation and employee satisfaction.

Awareness, Training and Education

The events of 2020 gave us the opportunity to evaluate where we are and how we can be even better. Among
other things, we committed to additional training for managers on race, bias, and equity, and greater visibility of
our employee demographics. We also provided educational resources to support management on engaging in
inclusive conversations. We continue to provide training in anti-harassment, anti-discrimination and anti-retaliation.

Diversity at Costco

Our workforce is representative of the communities where we do business. We closely monitor demographic data
at all levels across the organization, as an element of tracking our progress.

Among Costco’s global workforce, 54.0% identify as male and 46.0% as female. In Supervisor/Manager positions
in our global operations, 63.6% identify as male and 36.4% as female. For purposes of this year’s reporting,

“Supervisors/Managers” does not include employees working in our corporate and regional oﬃces and

pharmacies.

Gender and Race/Ethnicity Demographics - U.S.:

In the U.S., in FY21, 55.1% of non-management employees identify as male, and 44.9% as female. Of employees

meeting the EEO deﬁnition of "management," 66.5% identify as male, 33.5% as female.

In the U.S. in FY21, 47.3% non-management employees identify as White, 30.6% as Hispanic or Latino, 9.4% as

Black or African American, 8.1% as Asian and 4.6% as Other. Of employees meeting the EEO deﬁnition of

"management," 61.0% identify as White, 21.0% as Hispanic or Latino, 8.1% as Black or African American, 6.6%
as Asian and 3.2% as Other.

More information about the demographics of Costco’s U.S. workforce can be found in this Equal Employment

Opportunity summary.

Our 10-member Board of Directors has three women and one person of color. For the company’s U.S. oﬃcers

(Assistant Vice President and above), 24% identify as women and 18% identify as a race or ethnicity other than
White.

More information about our Diversity eﬀorts within our communities can be found here Community Investment and
with our Suppliers can be found on our Supplier Diversity Program page.

CULTURE, ETHICS & OPEN DOOR

We strongly value our culture. Costco employees know that an important factor in our past and future success has
been and will be our commitment to simplicity, value, fairness, member service and always striving to do what is

right. Our employees are essential to teaching and reinforcing Costco’s unique culture. It is imperative that we
continue to perpetuate this culture throughout the company, wherever we do business. We encourage an
atmosphere of openness and support with our Open Door Policy, which allows any employee to discuss any issue
with any level of management.

All Costco employees and suppliers are expected to promptly report actual or suspected violations of law and our

Code of Ethics. Multiple reporting options are available, ranging from the Open Door Policy to our conﬁdential and

anonymous ethics hotline available globally in multiple languages at www.costco.ethicspoint.com. We also

conduct employee surveys to obtain feedback concerning ethics, compliance and engagement.

BACK TO TOP

Last Updated: May 2022

COMMUNITIES

Our business is successful not only when we provide quality merchandise at a good value for
our members, but also when we make a positive contribution to the well-being of the
communities where we do business – and where our employees, members and suppliers live
and work.

CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS

Costco's commitment is to be active in our local communities. We have a Charitable Contributions Committee that meets quarterly

to determine which programs to support and how to best meet the needs within our communities. We budget 1% of pretax proﬁts

for selected charitable contributions focused on children, education, and health and human services. In ﬁscal year 2021, we

contributed over $58 million to disaster relief and to hundreds of organizations through a variety of charitable programs and grants,

including $1 million to the Vaccine Equity Initiative, which expanded vaccine access to hardest hit, underserved communities.
Additional examples include United Way, Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, Communities in Schools, Feeding America,

American Red Cross, College Success Foundation, Thurgood Marshall College Fund, United Negro College Fund, and Fred
Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. Visit the list of our top U.S. recipients for FY2021.

We provide ﬁnancial assistance to underrepresented minorities, including scholarships and other educational opportunities to help

ﬁll the ﬁnancial gap. We also oﬀer access for many deserving students to enhance their education. For example:

In the past 21 years, we’ve raised over $65 million through the Costco Scholarship Fund for scholarships for
underrepresented minorities to attend the University of Washington or Seattle University; over 2,000 scholarships have been
awarded;
We’ve donated over $65.8 million to other schools and organizations for scholarships and educational opportunities for
underrepresented minorities. In 2021 alone, we donated over $5.8 million for scholarships and other educational opportunities
We’ve helped establish and have donated $10 million to the College Success Foundation, which is dedicated to supporting
underserved, low-income students beginning in middle school and continuing through college.

More information about our charitable programs can be found on the Charitable Contributions page.

FOOD DONATIONS & FOOD SECURITY

During 2021, many food banks were aﬀected by COVID-19. There were shortages in volunteers, donation pickup interruptions and

an overall increase in need from communities all over the world. Our goal was to continue to donate as much as possible to the

communities where we operate to support those in need.

In ﬁscal year 2021, we contributed $3.5M in cash grants and over 70 million pounds of food and other products from our U.S.

warehouses and depots to Feeding America. All of our international locations also donate to local food banks.

Our food donation programs are part of our Waste Minimization Programs and we follow the Food Waste Hierarchy to prevent

wasting food and to keep food out of landﬁlls. More information about food donations can be found on the Waste Minimization

page.

In addition, we make eﬀorts in multiple ways that enhance food security for millions of people through our oﬀerings of aﬀordable

and nutritious food. To learn more, review our Report on Food Security.

NON-FOOD DONATIONS

Costco continues to grow its program with World Vision to donate ﬁrst-quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or
returned to the supplier. In ﬁscal year 2021, we donated to people in need in 32 countries. More information can be found in the

Costco-World Vision Summary, which contains a list of the items donated and some stories that illustrate the impact of these

donations.

COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

In order to support a more inclusive economy, and to break down race and class barriers to opportunity and growth, Costco has

committed to investing in the following programs:

$25 million committed to the Black Economic Development Fund (BEDF) managed by the Local Initiatives Support
Corporation. The primary objective of the BEDF is to target Black-led or Black-owned ﬁnancial institutions, developers,
businesses, and anchor institutions with improved access to capital in order to incentivize economic activity and wealth
building opportunities in Black communities across America.
$1 million invested in the Fearless Fund, the ﬁrst Venture Capital fund built by women of color, for women of color to address
the disparity that exists in venture capital funding for businesses led by women of color.
$10 million committed to the Entrepreneurs of Color Loan Fund (EOCLF) managed by the Local Initiatives Support
Corporation. EOCLF will partner with Community Development Financial Institutions to improve access to capital for minority
entrepreneurs and also provide coaching and mentorship.

COMMUNITY SUPPLIER DIVERSITY

Costco Wholesale is committed to working with qualiﬁed minority- and women-owned suppliers in the communities where we do

business. This is consistent with our overall commitment as a company to foster an inclusive environment, free from inequity and
unlawful discrimination. More information can be found on the Supplier Diversity page.

More information about our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion practices can be found on our Employees page.



 PLAY

EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING

Watch this video to learn more about how Costco employees engage with the community.

Costco Employee Volunteer Reading Program

Costco’s Volunteer Reading Program, which originally began in 1998, has grown to over 456 programs in the U.S., Canada and

Australia. Over 70% of eligible locations participate with over 2,600 volunteers contributing their time to this successful program.
Due to COVID-19, we paused this program and anticipate we will begin again in FY22.

HEALTH CARE

Products and Services
Costco provides low-cost, quality eye care through independent optometrists and our optical departments, hearing aid services
and supplies in our hearing aid centers, and prescriptions and other health-related products in our pharmacies. Costco also

provides ﬂu shots and other immunizations, health screenings, and other health-related programs.

In FY20, we donated and/or provided at cost hospitals and government agencies with masks, hand sanitizers, surface wipes,
gloves and personal care items to help them respond to COVID-19. In FY21, we continued to provide COVID-19 support by

providing vaccines as referenced below.

Pharmacy Services
Besides being a low-cost source for prescription medications in 694 pharmacies worldwide, Costco continues to expand the

following special prescriptions and services in the U.S.:

Specialty drug customized pharmacy services that require patient-speciﬁc dosing and careful clinical management. More
information can be found at Specialty Drug Programs.
Access to naloxone without a prescription in 44 states; Washington, D.C.; and Puerto Rico. Naloxone is a life-saving
medication that reverses an opioid overdose, and is part of the national strategy to combat the opioid overdose epidemic.
Prescriptions for contraceptives in California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah and
Washington, with the intent to roll out the program where allowed by law.
Travel Medicine Services in California, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Oregon, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin, which includes a
pre-travel consultation to determine any health risks based on your itinerary and activities, a review of your health history and
immunization status, tips on how to stay healthy during your trip, and a list of the recommended immunizations and
medications.
Costco Pharmacies have given over 615,000 COVID vaccines to date, including partnering with local school districts and
organizations.

Pharmacy Beneﬁt Programs (PBM)
Costco Health Solutions oﬀers an alternative prescription beneﬁts program dedicated to delivering the best pharmacy care to
employers and their members. This includes a full spectrum of cost-eﬀective, high-quality clinical programs that provide members
with the care they need to help meet their health and quality of life goals. Our PBM program guarantees that 100% of all discounts
from manufacturers for prescriptions will be passed back to the client. Companies that participate in Costco’s prescription beneﬁt
program typically reduce costs by 10 to 25%. More information can be found here: PBM programs.

Optical Services
Besides being a low-cost source for eyewear in 767 optical departments worldwide, Costco also provides access to optical health

services in the U.S., such as:

Independent Doctors of Optometry located at or next to Costco Optical in most states.
Licensed and/or Certiﬁed Opticians to answer eye care questions. Costco accepts most vision insurance plans.

Hearing Aid Services
Costco has 715 hearing aid centers worldwide, staﬀed by licensed hearing aid specialists. Besides providing hearing aid tests and

low-cost, high quality hearing aid devices, Costco also helps to improve the education of Hearing Aid Specialists through the

Hearing Aid Apprenticeship Program. As a result, Costco has helped over 1,015 people in the U.S. become hearing aid specialists

since 2006.

BACK TO TOP

Last Updated: December 2021

OPERATIONS

Costco's sustainability commitment also focuses on managing our operation of
over 815 locations worldwide in an energy-eﬃcient and environmentally
responsible manner. Our eﬀorts involve sustainability assessments, including
energy and resource consumption reviews within our operations. We remain
committed to improving our energy systems controls and performance and to the
reduction and diversion of waste throughout our operations. This supports our
mission to remain a low cost operator, as we remain focused on programs that
best serve our communities, promote environmental stewardship and reduce our
carbon footprint.

CONSTRUCTION, LANDSCAPING & 
PRESERVATION

ENERGY & REFRIGERATION

TRANSPORTATION & LOGISTICS

WASTE MINIMIZATION

WATER MINIMIZATION

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

BACK TO TOP

Last Updated: December 2021

CONSTRUCTION, LANDSCAPING
& PRESERVATION

Costco is aware of its responsibility to design and construct its sites and buildings
in an energy-eﬃcient, sustainable and environmentally responsible manner.

CONSTRUCTION

Sustainable Design

Our warehouse designs are consistent with the requirements of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design

(LEED), an internationally accepted benchmark for green building design and construction. In Shanghai, China,

Costco’s Minhang building qualiﬁed for the Green Building Design 2-star certiﬁcate.

Costco continues to improve the design and construction of its buildings, as technological advancements in these
areas and building materials improve. Engineering and design improvements have resulted in the use of less
materials, such as columns and I-beams, while providing more strength. Costco prefers full metal buildings in
order to use the maximum amount of recycled material and reduce construction and maintenance costs.

Adaptive Reuse and Historic Preservation

When it makes sense, Costco incorporates adaptive reuse, which refers to the process of reusing an existing
building for a purpose other than for which it was originally built or designed. Besides being a part of our

sustainability eﬀorts to responsibly construct our buildings with the least amount of environmental impact, in some

cases adaptive reuse supports historic preservation. Below are some recent examples.

In Thorncliﬀe Park, Ontario, Canada, our warehouse located in suburban Toronto is part of a building built in
1964, designated as a heritage site and considered one of the last remaining examples of mid-20th century

modernist commercial architecture in the region. Costco architects devised a solution for saving the historic
facade through the incorporation of the warehouse entry and food court.

In Stevenage, England, we incorporated the concept of adaptive reuse of a building originally designed and
constructed in 1963 in consultation with Félix Candela, the Spanish Mexican architect. Besides helping to preserve

a historically and architecturally important structure, we were able to use less new building material.

In Coralville, Iowa, United States, the L-shape property, which included two pre-existing warehouses joined at
one corner, was redesigned to accommodate our business needs. Adapting the existing buildings reduced

construction costs by approximately $5 million, and created convenient, out-of-the-weather access for members.

Additionally, the garage mitigates the signiﬁcant cost of snow removal during Iowa’s sometimes harsh winters.

Recycled Materials

To reduce the use of virgin resources, materials are selected that utilize high percentages of recycled content.

Examples include:

New U.S., Canada, Mexico, and some international locations in Spain, Taiwan, and Australia utilize
prefabricated structural steel systems, which is 80% recycled content.
Costco often incorporates existing structures into its designs.
Metal building insulation utilizes ECOSE® Technology, which contains an average of 76.98% recycled
content.
Recycled asphalt is used in some new parking lots with recycled concrete as a base material.

Other Sustainable Features

When and where it makes sense, Costco incorporates other features into its buildings to reduce the use of

resources and to save money, such as:

Roofs maintain a reﬂectance rating of .68, emittance of .25 and SRI of 63, lessening the heat gain on the roof.
The erection eﬃciency of the structural system (columns, beams, trusses and bracing) and envelope (metal
roof and siding) reduce the overall construction duration, saving time and money.
High-eﬃciency restroom ﬁxtures save 40% more water.
Mechanical heat from refrigeration systems is captured to preheat hot water tanks.

In Villebon, France, we incorporated additional sustainability features that include:

Increased landscaping areas
2 Green Walls (pictured above)
Recovery of rainwater for watering and water retention system
Optimization of natural lighting to minimize consumption linked to artiﬁcial lighting
Implementation of water and energy meters for each type of use in order to monitor and optimize
consumption together with sanitary ﬁttings to reduce water consumption
Ten electric charging stations available for members to recharge their vehicles

LANDSCAPING

Sustainable Landscaping

Site designs take into account the surrounding environment and ecosystems, are mindful of wetlands and habitats,

and preserve natural wonders. Examples include:

Landscapes exceed minimum requirements in order to create high impact and beautiful landscapes
appropriate to the location.
In comparison to typical development standards, Costco provides larger trees, greater planting density,
drought-tolerant species, native vegetation and less manicured lawns.

Costco continues to experiment with vegetation removal using goats, with programs in Oregon, Texas and
Washington. These programs can save the company money in landscaping costs and eliminate the use of
herbicides to kill unwanted and invasive vegetation. Costco continues to look for opportunities to expand this
program where it makes sense.

Natural Preservation

Natural preservation of natural wonders or indigenous lands is also important to Costco and our landscaping

designs try to take this into account. Examples include:

The Merida, Mexico, location has a cenote (a natural sinkhole that can be ﬁlled with groundwater) onsite that was
repaired and cleaned, and is named Kakutzal, a Mayan word meaning “back to life” or “rebirth.” Onlookers can

view the beauty of the natural anomaly from above from a bridge incorporated into the property.

The SW Calgary, Alberta, Canada, warehouse is located on the lands of Tsuu T’Ina First Nations People in a
commercial development reserve named Taza. Together Costco and the Tsuu T’Ina determined how to blend the

building into its environment in order to honor the Tsuu T’lna’s intent that Taza be a 100% carbon-neutral

development, which reﬂects the heritage of the plains, using only native plant and tree species in its landscaping.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

ENERGY & REFRIGERATION

Costco understands that the interrelationship between energy usage and refrigeration
management is a key component to the reduction of our Scope 1 and 2 carbon
emissions. As regulations change related to refrigerant types allowed for commercial
use, eﬀorts to install and/or upgrade our global refrigeration systems will continue to be
a focal point. 

Additionally, purchased electricity is the largest source of our Scope 2 carbon
emissions and is also a signiﬁcant annual expense. When we reduce our usage, we
save expenses, which helps us to remain a low-cost operator and we reduce our
emissions. 

More information about our Scope 1 and 2 emissions can be found in our Climate
Action Plan.

CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT THROUGH TECHNOLOGY &
COLLABORATIVE LEARNING

We continue to use monitoring solutions and tools to identify energy consumption opportunities throughout our

operations. To further enhance this eﬀort we use the actionable data from these monitoring systems to equip our global

operations with ways to identify opportunities to reduce energy consumption.

Costco continues to implement enhanced processes, procedures and energy management systems to aid in

consumption awareness, engaging site staﬀ in realizing operational energy system eﬃciencies and controls. In

addition, Costco has rolled-out training and tools to support global site tracking and reporting of GHG carbon

emissions source data.

Our process for emissions tracking includes a step-by-step reference guide (Global Carbon Emissions Reporting
Guide) to support Costco-owned or leased sites, including: warehouses, business centers, depots, distribution

facilities, delivery operations, manufacturing sites and oﬃces. The process involves tracking of all Scope 1 sources at

each location. Purchases for fuel, dry ice and CO2 (consumed) and/or refrigerant ﬁlls are tracked. These totals are then

entered into Costco's emissions platform at each site.

In 2021, our U.S. Regional Environmental and Sustainability Compliance Managers continued to conduct Sustainability

Technical Assistance Reviews (STARs), which assess operational eﬀorts to engage in Costco's Sustainability programs,

which includes reducing energy.

More information about the STAR can be found on our Environmental Compliance and Climate Action Plan pages.

We continue to improve the eﬃciency of refrigeration and HVAC systems by exploring and implementing new designs

to maximize energy and water consumption eﬃciencies, while reducing potential for global warming as systems are

considered for each site design application.

In order to stay abreast of regulatory changes and new technological advancements, Costco holds annual training
sessions for our global Sustainability and Compliance teams. It is here that we share and learn about best practices, to

increase awareness about the importance of climate change, and to learn how to reduce our carbon footprint and save

energy, all of which in turn saves money.

ENERGY-SAVING PROGRESS

Costco continues to implement improved systems and technologies in order to save energy and reduce our carbon
footprint throughout our locations worldwide. Examples include:

In 2020, U.S. locations began testing the use of display case shields (above photo) to reduce energy use. The
shields are utilized during hours warehouses are closed to reduce power use while maintaining product
temperature. As a result, there is less load on the refrigeration system with improved product temperature
maintenance.
Energy Management and Lighting Management Systems continue to be used globally to allow control of heating
and cooling set points, lighting schedules, and system troubleshooting.
Costco continues to enhance system tools and reporting to improve visibility to peak kwH consumption related to
both lighting and refrigeration systems. As of 2020, new assessments for U.S. locations include a review of site
peak consumption to identify and support maximizing energy eﬃciencies.
Beginning in 2019, Mexico locations have used a new energy measurement project to provide real-time kwH
consumption assessments. Through FY2021, the project identiﬁed energy saving opportunities in several
locations to improve eﬃciency in refrigeration, HVAC and lighting. Given the success of the project, these
measuring systems will be rolled out to additional locations.
Locations in the UK have completed LED lighting conversions and have installed Voltage Optimization units at all
locations to regulate/optimize incoming voltage which ensure operational eﬃciency.
Locations in South Korea are equipped with centralized ﬁre and energy monitoring and control systems. Other
monitoring systems, including electrical, gas, refrigeration and elevator systems, are managed by a certiﬁed, on-
site professional. As an example, the ventilation system and HVAC can be programmed or manually controlled by
the centralized system relative to outside environments (temperature, humidity and wind) to maintain the optimal
indoor atmosphere and refrigeration, and to maximize the energy conservation. Each location examines monthly
energy consumption to identify opportunities to improve eﬃciencies, accordingly.
Taiwan utilizes an operations energy management system to drive consumption eﬃciency through focused
training and review of utilities (gas, electricity and water systems) usage and optimization measures.
Iceland’s geothermal system produces hot water that provides space heating and hot water supplies throughout
the location. In addition, this system facilitates snowmelt to free up sidewalks and key areas in front of the
building, including the gas station forecourt (ﬁlling area) and the receiving (freight area) ramp.

SOLAR POWER

Costco continued to increase the number of locations with solar photovoltaic systems to 120 locations throughout

the United States and in Spain, the UK, Taiwan, Japan and Australia as of the end of FY21. Additionally, some
locations have implemented the use of solar power in the parking lots.

LIGHTING SYSTEMS

The conversion to LED ceiling lights in older U.S. buildings that began in 2016 continued in FY21 and is largely
completed, with an estimated energy savings of over 235 million kWh per year. In addition, LED conversions continue
throughout the company and include exterior lighting, ancillary departments, point-of-sale refrigerated boxes and gas
stations. Lighting in new construction utilizes LED technology.

FUEL CELL TECHNOLOGY

In 2017, Costco began piloting the use of fuel cells as an additional source for generating on-site electricity. As of the
end of FY21, we now have 12 locations in California powered in part by fuel cells that generate an estimated total of

62 million kWh of energy annually. To date Costco has found the following beneﬁts:

Lower demands on existing electric utility infrastructure
Lower overall combined power and natural gas expenses

REFRIGERANT MANAGEMENT

Costco recognizes that refrigerants have a major impact on our climate. We continue to explore new refrigerant

technologies and carefully select refrigerants that are low in Global Warming Potential (GWP) and reduce GHG

emissions. We work with certiﬁed contractors who adhere to best management practices in the installation,

maintenance and decommissioning of equipment and to control leaks impacting the environment.

We have a multifaceted plan to address energy and emissions that continues to expand as we learn more and as

new governmental regulations are implemented. Additionally, as purchased electricity is our largest source of our

operational cost contributing to emissions, we will seek operational eﬃciencies through the following ongoing eﬀorts:

Reviewing our cooling and heating systems with an approach to integrate them with our refrigeration systems
for optimal performance
Piloting various systems to detect refrigerant leaks
Eliminating skylights in new construction and covering skylights in existing locations to lessen the workload of
HVAC systems
Purchasing renewable energy and/or installation of solar energy systems where feasible
SOPs and employee trainings to address refrigeration maintenance and energy consumption
Migrating to CO2 refrigerants where it is operationally viable and as of the end of FY21, CO2 is currently in use
in select locations in the U.S., Canada, Spain, the UK, Iceland and Australia
Equipping buildings with state-of-the-art leak detection systems to identify refrigerant leaks, and triggering
system alerts to support more expedient leak detection for faster resolution
Enhancing location-level collection of refrigerant leak data
Considering systems for reducing potential for global warming for each site design application. An example of
this would be in high ambient temperature climates, Costco has installed adiabatic systems that are hybrid
systems and use an energy-eﬃcient combination of fans and water to cool refrigeration systems throughout the
day
Working with certiﬁed contractors that adhere to best management practices in the installation, maintenance,
and decommissioning of equipment, and to control leaks impacting the environment
Installing new equipment in California with a capacity of 50 pounds or greater (22.7kg) required to use
refrigerants with a GWP of less than 150. As a result, all new warehouses in California will use CO2 in their main
refrigeration system

Installing insulated doors to the walk-in refrigeration point of sale coolers in our U.S. and Mexico locations,
which are closed when we are not open. These doors allow point-of-sale coolers to maintain temperature more
easily while putting less stress on the refrigeration system. While we originally estimated annual savings of
95,000 kWh per location, we learned that after analyzing our data for insulated doors in place for at least a year,
the actual savings are 25,000 to 35,000 kWh per location. Given these continued savings, we will continue to
add the insulated doors in our new locations and remodels when appropriate.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

TRANSPORTATION & LOGISTICS

Costco’s core objectives include optimizing and streamlining our ordering and
distribution systems. We aim to reduce our carbon emissions by seeking ocean, rail
and road transportation eﬃciencies. We also strive to improve delivery ﬂeet
eﬃciencies and we support our employees’ eﬀorts to reduce their transportation
energy consumption.

DEPOT DISTRIBUTION CENTERS

Costco’s depots (distribution centers) help reduce delivery costs by utilizing cross-dock systems for handling full
pallets of merchandise from suppliers to warehouses (selling locations). Costco continually evaluates its processes

and implements ways to improve shipping eﬃciencies. These measures include optimizing packaging design and

pallet conﬁguration – resulting in more products on a pallet, while striving to reduce packaging, protect

merchandise and reduce delivery trucks on the road.

Another way Costco reduces costs is by analyzing state weight and length oversize permits, and by using
specialized equipment where geographically possible to handle heavier loads. Costco also employs longer

combination vehicles to maximize trailer utilization.

In 2021, we began an electric tractor pilot to determine its eﬃciency when evaluating maintenance, loadable

weights, routes and the length of hauls between charging. We also started testing electric terminal tractors and are
receiving good feedback from our drivers. Future rollout of both vehicles will be determined upon completion of
the pilot and test programs.

Reverse Logistics

The transportation team always looks for ways to reduce empty miles involving trucks returning to the depots from

the warehouses (known as “reverse logistics”) to improve eﬃciencies, save costs and take more trucks oﬀ the

road, which reduces carbon emissions.

Examples include:

Picking up truckloads of merchandise that are destined for a Costco depot for distribution to a regional group
of warehouses
Loading trailers with returned goods that are headed to salvagers or need to be returned to the supplier, and
consolidating those shipments into truckloads
Growing the World Vision program to donate many of these goods to communities in need worldwide. More
information can be found in the Non-Food Donations section
Loading the trailers with recyclable materials to be consolidated and resold, such as corrugated cardboard,
LDPE stretch wrap, metal and plastics

In addition, these streamlined reverse logistics programs help us to reduce our merchandise handling costs and/or

help free up sales ﬂoor space in the warehouses.

Fulﬁllment Centers

Some of Costco’s distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada also serve as fulﬁllment centers for our Ecommerce

business. The strategic locations and procedures implemented provide us with business eﬃciencies that reduce

expenses, our shipping footprint, carbon emissions and packaging. You can learn more about our sustainable
packaging practices on our Packaging page.

BUSINESS DELIVERY FLEET

Costco's Business Delivery ﬂeet continues to expand its internal initiative called “Truck of the Future,” which is

aimed at maximizing eﬃciency in our growing delivery ﬂeets. In 2018, Costco successfully ﬁeld-tested a

customized vehicle with Penske Truck Leasing that improves the payload capacity by reducing body weight. This
lighter truck increased the miles per gallon, lowering our fuel costs and carbon footprint. In 2020, we continued the

rollout that started in 2019 of these vehicles, and will continue as we add and renew ﬂeet leases.

Additional eﬃciency features and pilot programs implemented in 2019 continue and include:

Testing solar power to replace batteries
Using half pallets that are lighter and more eﬃcient for delivery to small businesses
Implementing new coolers that reduce the amount of dry ice by replacing them with gel packs
Continuing to test EV trucks and working with Penske to review available funding along with onsite charging
options

Costco Business Delivery Centers also have implemented procedures to use electric plug-in shore power, tying
into the grid to allow our refrigerated trucks to maintain temperature while being loaded and stored. This eliminates
the previous practice of running the diesel reefer engine, thereby saving fuel and eliminating carbon emissions by

over 70 percent for each truck that uses shore power.

Additionally, the Business Delivery ﬂeet utilizes telematics – a standard option routing system now on all 2017 and

newer Hino Trucks. This allows Costco to identify opportunities to enhance mileage consumption through eﬃcient

routing that also decreases idle time.

COSTCO LOGISTICS

In FY20, Costco acquired Innovel Solutions (since renamed Costco Logistics), a third-party, end-to-end logistics

company that provides “ﬁnal mile” delivery across the U.S. and Puerto Rico, complete installation, white glove

capabilities for “big and bulky” products, and dedicated call centers. With over 1,500 new employees, and over
100 facilities, we are able to improve and grow our Ecommerce sales of “big and bulky” items at a faster rate,
while also improving overall member service and speed of delivery for these items.

EMPLOYEE TRANSPORTATION

Costco continues to encourage its employees to utilize alternative forms of transportation with the goal of reducing

energy consumption, emissions and commuter gridlock. The Commute Trip Reduction (CTR) program began more

than 20 years ago at the corporate oﬃce with 18 vanpools, and by early 2020, had grown to 69 vans with 494

riders. The ongoing pandemic and remote working opportunities have signiﬁcantly decreased employee need

and/or interest in vanpools. At the end of ﬁscal year 2021, we had 37 active vans, with 29 currently operating on a

weekly basis. Vans, fuel, maintenance and insurance are provided by ﬁve local transit agencies. Employees also

receive a substantial ﬁnancial subsidy from Costco, which in many cases covers their entire monthly commute

expenses. Employees who regularly ride the bus are also eligible for this ﬁnancial subsidy. Costco also has

vanpools at its San Diego, Los Angeles and Mexico City regional oﬃces, as well as many Costco warehouses.

In May 2019, Costco’s corporate oﬃces began a pilot program with Waze Carpool for employees who want to

commute more eﬃciently, yet lack the ﬂexibility or consistency required to commit to a vanpool. This program

allows us to track metrics monthly, including the number of carpools, average commuting distance, total miles

carpooled and C02e avoided. Although this pilot ended and Costco did not roll out an oﬃcial, company-sponsored

Waze Carpool partnership, we are aware there are some employees that continue to utilize this program.

Additionally we continue to have many employees who choose to informally carpool with coworkers. We also oﬀer

secure bicycle storage facilities and locker room use for employees who choose to ride to work. Finally, recharging

stations are available at our corporate oﬃces for employees who drive electric vehicles.

CHARGING STATIONS

Costco continues to increase available electric vehicle charging stations and now has 14 locations (including the

corporate oﬃce), supporting 50 charging stations.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

WASTE MINIMIZATION

Costco understands our potential impact on the global waste stream and
greenhouse gas emissions caused by waste. Our goal is to continually decrease the
amount of our waste going to landﬁlls, with a goal to divert 80% of our waste.

WASTE DIVERSION FROM LANDFILL

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Landﬁll/ Incineration

273,389 U.S.
Tons

312,487 U.S.
Tons

291,269 U.S.
Tons

327,874 U.S. Tons

Diverted from Landﬁll/ 
Incineration

683,493 U.S.
Tons

831,594 U.S.
Tons

907,114 U.S.
Tons

1,185,952 U.S.
Tons

Diversion %

71.4%

72.7%

75.7%

78.3%

Reporting Regions

5

10

12

12

In ﬁscal year 2021, Costco reported a diversion rate of 78.3%, with 12 regions reporting. We are continuing to develop

our reporting systems that further reﬁne our diversion rate for all regions where we operate, and to further include all

ancillary business operations.

Costco’s current goal is to divert 80% of waste generated within our global operations. We deﬁne waste diversion as

the total tons (measured in U.S. tons) of waste that is not directly dumped into landﬁll sites or burned at incineration

facilities that do not create energy. We include Waste to Energy as part of our diversion program. Other diversion
examples include donations, anaerobic digestion, recycling, composting and animal feed. Costco is committed to

expanding these programs through partnerships, enhanced eﬃciencies and emerging technologies.

For more information, please view Costco's Global Waste Diversion Summary.

This year's diversion rate increase reﬂects an abnormal year due to COVID-19 and the inclusion of our ancillary

businesses. During a portion of FY21, dining areas were not open and samples were reduced which generated less

waste. Additional reasons for this increase is our continued eﬀort to prioritize food bank donations and recycling

programs.

More information can be found in our 2021 August Costco Connection article, Do not discard.

EFFICIENCIES, COST SAVINGS & REDUCED EMISSIONS

Eﬀective waste diversion conserves natural resources, saves energy, and reduces expenses and emissions.

By diverting waste from the landﬁll, Costco increases the eﬃciency of waste hauling from our locations, which reduces

fuel consumption, CO2 emissions generated from transportation and hauling costs. Costco continues to examine
waste disposal programs to maximize eﬃciency and to reduce costs. In the U.S., we use trash compactor monitors to
ensure that we are maximizing the amount of waste being transported. We are currently monitoring 244 compactors to

ensure full capacity for hauling. This is an increase from 179 units last ﬁscal year, and we are continuously looking to

add additional systems where it makes sense.

Focusing on operational waste will allow us to take actionable measures to reduce waste sent to landﬁll that emits

methane during the decomposition process. In FY21, Costco developed a global baseline for total waste emissions.

We estimate our total Scope 3 (GHG Protocol Category 5) waste emissions for all reporting Costco locations for FY21

is 147,138 mtCO2e based upon the total tonnage to landﬁll and total tonnage diverted using the DEFRA protocol.

For more information on emissions, see our Climate Action Plan page.

REDUCING FOOD WASTE

For food waste, we follow the above Food Waste Hierarchy, as deﬁned by the Federal EPA. Costco recognizes the

global impact of food waste, and we are developing new systems to track and reduce food waste within our
operations.

Source Reduction

There are numerous ways we reduce food waste at source and within our operations through the creation of new
items.

At source, three Costco suppliers are working with the Equitable Food Initiative and Measure to Improve to pilot a
waste reduction and tracking program that expands their worker engagement eﬀorts to include a sustainability focus.

Through this pilot, suppliers will assess and implement programs to reduce materials waste, food loss and ultimately
greenhouse gas emissions. The three farming operations partnering in this initiative are Andrew & Williamson Fresh
Produce/GoodFarms, Misionero and Windset Farms.

Please see additional examples of source reduction on the Kirkland Signature  page.

™

In our operations, unsold rotisserie chickens are made into deli entrees. Examples include:

Chicken Noodle Soup, Chicken Enchilada Bake, Chicken Alfredo and Chicken Pot Pies sold in the U.S.
Red Alfredo Chicken Penne and Honey Glazed Chicken Legs sold in Japan
BBQ Chicken Wings, Chicken Enchiladas and Chicken & Mushroom Lattice Pies sold in the UK
Singapore Laksa sold in Taiwan

Our delis continuously work to improve their procedures to reduce the amount of unsold chickens through improved

eﬃciencies. In the U.S. from FY20 to FY21, our deli department decreased unsold chickens – reducing 68,332 pounds

of excess rotisserie chickens.

Other source reduction initiatives include:

Converting croissants into an Almond Croissant dessert item sold in Japan
Sourcing ground beef from our own meat department to produce stuﬀed peppers and meatloaf in our deli –
saving approximately 7.99 million pounds of wasted food in the U.S. in FY21
Sourcing ground beef from Canada’s meat department to create Shepherd’s Pie and Stuﬀed Bell Peppers similar
to the U.S.
Introducing a high-quality smoothie to sell in Japan’s food courts in FY21, utilizing 39,683 pounds of unsold
oranges from the sales ﬂoor

Feed Hungry People

Costco locations worldwide donate edible food to food banks and other nonproﬁts in their local communities.

Donation programs vary by location and country. During FY21, many food banks were aﬀected by COVID-19. Due to

shortages in volunteers, donation pickups were negatively impacted making it diﬃcult in some cases to get food

donations to their destination. The global pandemic also created an overall increase in need from communities all over
the world. Our goal was to continue to donate as much as possible to all communities to support those in need.

Food Donations

Costco continues to expand its program and partnership with Feeding America, The Global FoodBanking Network and
other local food banks to prevent food from being wasted. Feeding America is a national organization in the U.S. that
works with local food banks as a bridge with our U.S. locations. The Global FoodBanking Network partners non-U.S.

locations with certiﬁed member organizations in order to conﬁdently donate to entities that have established food

safety standards throughout the food chain. Through these combined eﬀorts, we are able to provide meals to

individuals and families that are food insecure.

In FY21, Costco warehouses and depots donated more than 99 million pounds of edible food products in all states and

most countries/regions where we operate, which represents over 82 million meals donated to people in need. We have
continued to grow our program year over year. This year, the U.S. and Mexico added the ability to donate cooked food
from our food courts by creating food safety procedures to properly cool and donate unsold items.

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Food Donations

34.7 million
pounds

76.9 million
pounds

92.8 million
pounds

99.1 million
pounds

Meals Donated

28.9 million meals 64.1 million meal 77.3 million meals 82.6 million meals

Number of Locations
Donating

498 Warehouses 
and Depots

772 Warehouses 
and Depots

794 Warehouses 
and Depots

823 Warehouses 
and Depots

Costco understands the importance of the types of food donated. We strive to provide healthy and nutritious food. In
FY21, 72% of the food donated in the U.S. was in the following categories: Produce/fruit/vegetables (39.4%),
Grains/bread (21.3%) and Dairy/protein (11.2%).

Feed Animals

Feeding animals our inedible waste is important because it reduces the demand to generate new feed resources.
Additionally, our warehouses divert organic materials by supporting local donation programs, including animal
sanctuaries, rescue centers, local farms and city zoos. Examples during FY21 include:

179 U.S. Costco warehouses sent 13.7 million pounds of organic materials to feed cattle and hogs.
In Taiwan, 14 warehouses sent 8.82 million pounds of organic materials to pig farms.
In Korea, 7.28 million pounds of organic material was sent to farms to feed animals.
Our Kanazawa warehouse in Japan sent 1,118 pounds of coﬀee grounds to be repurposed as cattle feed. The
coﬀee grounds contain antioxidants to keep the cows healthy and improve the quality of milk.

Industrial Uses

Much of our organic waste is now recycled into usable products, such as organic fertilizer, biofuels and electricity.

Globally in FY21, Costco diverted over 419 million pounds of material from landﬁlls. Examples include:

10.19 million pounds of chicken grease produced from rotisserie chickens were recycled, the majority of which
was converted into biofuel in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Spain and China.

301 million pounds of meat and bone scraps were processed through the rendering program in the U.S.,
Canada, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Spain and China. Rendering from the chicken complex has been added to
this year's report accounting for the large increase in rendering pounds.
205,708 pounds of organic waste was converted into certiﬁed organic liquid fertilizer in the U.S.
25.36 million pounds of food were recycled at anaerobic digestion facilities to create energy in the U.S., the UK
and France. The UK is actively adding food waste programs in their warehouses.

Composting

In the U.S., Canada, Korea, Iceland and China, some locations send organic waste to commercial compost facilities
to create a nutrient-rich soil conditioner. Warehouses have sent 33.97 million pounds to compost facilities during FY21.

Waste to Energy (WTE)/Landﬁll

Our compactors are hauled to waste-to-energy facilities and landﬁlls. Our goal is to continuously move food waste out

of compactors to more beneﬁcial uses in the food waste hierarchy, while being compliant with regulations.

REDUCING NON-FOOD WASTE

Costco continues to ﬁnd ways to reduce non-food waste through eﬃciencies and other methods, some of which are

described below.

Donate

Costco has grown its program with World Vision to donate ﬁrst-quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or

returned to the supplier. In FY21, we donated to people in need in 32 countries.

More information can be found in the Costco-World Vision Summary, which contains a list of the items donated and
some stories that illustrate the impact of these donations.

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Number of Pallets Donated

41,945 pallets

42,493 pallet

54,332 pallets

80,304 pallets

Product Value

N/A

$76.2 million

$79.9 million

$137 million

Besides providing items to people in need valued at over $137 million for FY21, eﬃciencies are also gained, including

reduced trips to the landﬁll and savings on trash fees for both Costco and our suppliers. The increase in this year's

donations is primarily related to additional donations from Costco Logistics.

Recycle

Corrugated Cardboard and Shrink-wrap

Warehouses routinely backhaul shrink-wrap and corrugated material generated from daily operations to our distribution

centers in order to recycle. This practice, together with recycling at our newly acquired business, Costco Logistics,

diverted over 680,186 tons of material from the landﬁll in FY21, while generating income and reducing our carbon

footprint. This is an increase of 80,142 tons or 13.3% over last year.

Tires

Costco recycled over 6.3 million tires in the U.S. in FY21. While 15% of our tires are resold, over 80% are recycled into
several diﬀerent beneﬁcial uses like tire-derived fuels used primarily in cement kilns; crumb rubber used as an additive

for road surfaces or pervious surfaces around roads, sidewalks and pathways; mine reclamation; daily landﬁll cover;

and decorative mulch. Globally, Costco diverted over 175 million pounds of tires.

Car Battery Recycling

Globally in FY21, Costco recycled 68.6 million pounds of auto batteries. Costco reimburses members their core fee
when batteries are returned for recycling. Returned batteries are collected and picked up for recycling by Costco
battery suppliers.

Up to 99% of a car battery is recyclable and can be used to make new batteries and other products.

Paper

Costco has established a recycling program for paper in our oﬃces and warehouses to capture loose paper, coupon

brochures, magazines, and paperback books that are no longer usable or saleable. In FY21, we recycled over 10.6
million pounds of paper in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan, Australia and Spain. We continue to
move to paperless programs when applicable.

Metal

In FY20, Costco piloted a program with our depots to recycle scrap metal that cannot be processed through standard

single stream recycling bins. During FY21, we have continued to expand this program. There are currently 485 U.S.

warehouses participating in this program, an increase of 400 warehouses, and we will continue to roll out to new

locations where feasible. Collectively, through our pilot program and other local scrap metal programs, Costco was
able to recycle 11.1 million pounds of scrap metal in the U.S. An additional 1.3 million pounds of scrap metal was
recycled in Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

Recycle to Repurpose - Styrofoam®

In the U.S., Japan, Korea, Taiwan and China, Costco recycled 2.1 million pounds of expanded polystyrene (foam) in
FY21. This material is densiﬁed and distributed to manufacturers that make picture frames, crown molding and other

polystyrene products.

REDUCING HAZARDOUS WASTE

Hazardous materials are those products that pose a risk to the environment, human health, and/or the communities we
operate. This includes common everyday items such as dish soaps, detergents, batteries, light bulbs and electronics.
Costco’s continued commitment to sustainability and waste reduction has resulted in a number of programs that help

us operate eﬃciently and in an environmentally responsible manner when managing products that cannot be donated

or salvaged.

As with other waste programs, Costco follows a similar hierarchy to reduce or eliminate hazardous waste as we do
with solid waste streams. Prevention is the most desired path when dealing with products, which are deemed
hazardous.

Electronic Recycling

Costco maintains a robust electronic recycling program through approved, licensed recycling vendors. Costco is able

to manage both member returns and company assets while ensuring the highest levels of sensitive data destruction

alongside material recovery through the vendor’s e-scrap shredding system. In FY21, we recycled 14.6 million pounds
of electronic waste in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan, Australia, Spain and France.

Batteries & Light Bulbs

Household batteries and light bulbs are two of the most common items to be recycled in each location. Each battery
and bulb is broken down to its rawest parts and recycled or repurposed accordingly.

Costco recycles household batteries and light bulbs that are either returned by members or used internally in
operations. In FY21, we recycled 233,477 pounds of batteries and light bulbs in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK,
Japan, Taiwan, Spain, France and China.

Fuel Station Materials

Byproducts from our fuel station operations are managed in a variety of ways aimed at waste minimization. Used and

drained fuel ﬁlters can be managed as scrap material. In FY21, we recycled 54,170 pounds of fuel ﬁlters.

Ethanol Recovery

Items containing ethanol such as: alcoholic spirits, perfumes, colognes, cough syrup, vanilla extract and hand

sanitizers are hauled oﬀ-site, depacked and shredded at downstream facilities. The liquids are collected from the

shredding process and batched for ethanol recovery. Various methods are used to separate and collect ethanol for ﬁnal

reuse as additives to new products or liquid fuels. In FY21, we repurposed 38,635 pounds of material.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

WATER MINIMIZATION

Water is a precious and limited resource that cannot be wasted. With rising
temperatures, water use is also rising, causing water shortage concerns throughout
the world. Costco understands the importance of water conservation and in ﬁscal
year 2021 adopted Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6 – Clean Water and
Sanitation – as one of our SDG goals. We have implemented comprehensive water
management programs to help us reduce operational water waste and improve the
quality of both our wastewater and stormwater discharges.

COMPREHENSIVE WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS

Costco continues to drive operational eﬃciency by lowering overall operating costs through the elimination of waste

in water consumption. Ultimately, this reduces related sewer, energy and maintenance costs. We are assessing our

current water management systems to consider new and emerging technologies. Considering our operational water

volumes for all U.S. and international sites, we are seeking technologies that deliver high quality, real-time

performance data and leak and/or consumption anomalies for our operations. Our construction team is seeking

innovative metering and management solutions systems to support all U.S. and international sites with alerts to

address equipment repairs and to assess and optimize water consumption in our operations. We recognize water

management is a top priority when considering operational waste controls, in establishing baseline performance, in

targeting eﬃciencies and in considering innovative ways to drive improved performance by site.

Various water management systems are currently installed in our warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Korea

and Japan. We intend to expand monitoring systems to our other locations worldwide. There are currently over

1,000 meters installed on main water lines, cooling tower lines and irrigation systems with installations continuing as

needed.

By installing water metering systems, Costco locations can now:

Detect in real-time, mechanical failures so staﬀ can ﬁx issues quickly
Identify operational waste so that behaviors can be modiﬁed through education and training
Consume less water to lower the amount of energy and cost necessary to run mechanical equipment and
systems, which in turn reduces Costco’s carbon footprint, expenses, and environmental impact
Create an enhanced awareness of water use and stewardship throughout all facets of operation

While we haven't ﬁnalized our water usage data systems, we are able to estimate our global water usage for the last

two years as follows:

COSTCO'S ESTIMATED GLOBAL OPERATIONAL WATER USAGE SUMMARY

SALES 
(in thousands)

GALLONS 
(in thousands)

WATER USE Increase 
(over prior year)

Water Intensity 
(Gallons/Sales)

FY ‘20

$163,022,000

3,451,017

FY ‘21

$192,052,000

3,668,243

N/A

6.9%

2.1%

1.9%

GROUNDWATER & IRRIGATION SYSTEMS

While landscaping is important for the beauty it provides, as well as the preservation of natural habitat, Costco also

understands the need to be responsible regarding our irrigation practices and in managing the quality of our

stormwater discharge.

By using water monitoring systems, Costco is able to reduce water waste and protect assets such as parking lot

surfaces, retaining walls, and building foundations. This helps our operators identify issues immediately and avoid

expensive repairs later. Other structural and operational enhancements include:

Utilizing smart technologies and subsurface irrigation to improve eﬃciency and to reduce water waste in
irrigation systems
Installing bioswales to preserve groundwater and to prevent runoﬀ in select locations
Integrating native, drought-resistant, and artiﬁcial landscaping materials to minimize irrigation, as illustrated
above at our West Plano, TX location

WASTEWATER & STORMWATER PLANS

Each U.S. Costco location has wastewater and stormwater plans and procedures to ensure that we remain in

compliance with local and federal regulations. We have a team of Environmental Sustainability and Compliance

Managers throughout the U.S. who, in partnership with our corporate water systems team, work directly with all

locations to track and respond to water waste or quality concerns. International locations are also focusing on waste

and stormwater management.

EXAMPLES OF OPERATIONAL WATER SAVINGS

Locations in the Texas and Southeast regions are utilizing a program to reduce water usage by changing the way they

clean the breezeway at the location entrance. They changed from pressure washing to using the ride-on ﬂoor

scrubber. Annual water usage was reduced from 66,000 gallons per year to less than 9,000 gallons based on a three

times per week schedule.

In some U.S. and Canada locations we are testing a system to capture condensation from the EVAC systems to be

used to ﬁll ﬂoor scrubbers, saving thousands of gallons of municipal water each year.

In Australia, rainwater is captured and stored onsite for use in toilets, cooling refrigeration systems and irrigation.

In the Los Angeles region, we are using a water capture system to harvest rain water and refrigeration condensate

that is stored on site in large, underground cisterns. This water is used for irrigation. If the tanks are ever completely

full the location issues the water back to the city.

In several Arizona locations, we are reducing the amount of municipal water by changing the method of treating hard

water used in our cooling towers. By removing damage causing minerals we were able to reuse the water more often

to cool the refrigeration coils. We are able to track the water savings using water metering and estimate an annual

savings of 995,000 gallons per location, per year. In addition, removing minerals from the process has the potential to

extend the refrigeration equipment’s life span.

VERTICAL INTEGRATION FACILITIES - WATER SAVINGS

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken and romaine lettuce produced in new, vertically integrated facilities. Both

facilities have been designed with water preservation, re-use, eﬃciency and treatment in mind.

Costco worked with the City of Fremont, Nebraska, to expand their wastewater treatment plant in order to ensure that
the wastewater generated at the chicken plant is treated before returning to the municipal wastewater treatment plant.

In addition, through a process of air chilling, data suggests substantial water savings of 2 million gallons per week in

comparison to typical water chill processing.

At the romaine lettuce greenhouse, early estimates indicate that 80% less water will be used in comparison to

conventional farming and that there will be 0% wastewater runoﬀ. In addition, the water not absorbed by the plant

through transpiration, which is about 80%, is recycled.

CAR WASHES

Costco is a member of WaterSavers , a designation by the International Car Wash Association awarded to car

®

washes that meet strict water usage criteria. Wastewater in the car wash is reduced in the following ways:

Digital water metering identiﬁes spikes in usage that indicate a potential leak or equipment malfunction. With
real-time monitoring, these spikes can be addressed immediately.
Every wash has a reclaim system to ﬁlter and recycle water to be used for everything that does not require fresh
water. This cuts fresh water use by more than 50%.
Water main shut-oﬀ valves are utilized when the car wash is not in use.
All car washes strictly follow water usage permits and requirements.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

Costco continually works to enhance and streamline training
programs to ensure compliance with environmental regulations
worldwide, as well as our internal policies and programs.

Over the past several years, we have implemented a comprehensive environmental compliance program,
including but not limited to storm water, sanitary water use, wetlands, environmental mitigation, endangered
species, air quality, etc, for any and all inspections, maintenance and reporting for all of our properties,

including our warehouses (retail locations) as well as our industrial properties (manufacturing, distribution,
logistics, etc.).

Environmental compliance, coupled with our corporate sustainability initiatives, and working with our

operators, facilities and property management team remain a high priority for us.

We continue to develop a global team who work in conjunction with representatives from numerous

departments throughout the company to review and identify opportunities to enhance compliance and
sustainability programs and policies, as well as to ensure our company remains in compliance with regulatory
requirements. Team members also support location operators in daily operations, training and educational
opportunities. Finally, team members have been instrumental in helping us implement our Climate Action Plan.

In 2021, we held our third-annual Global Sustainability Summit. The purpose of these summits are to share

best practices, review compliance, and discuss upcoming projects, with the goal of creating a consistent and
global approach to environmental compliance, while also respecting local laws and regulations.

We continue to build on our existing environmental compliance platform through the Sustainability Technical

Assistance Review (STAR) to formalize standards and requirements in ﬁve key focus areas. The STAR rolled

out in September 2020 across the United States. By working toward STAR goals, Costco is building the
capabilities to track compliance and dynamically monitor resource use at all our warehouses – at an individual

and aggregate level. Our aim is to integrate the people, systems, policies, data, and standard operating

procedures in support of the following ﬁve focus areas: (1) ensure environmental compliance, (2) minimize

water usage, (3) minimize energy consumption, (4) increase waste diversion, and (5) reduce carbon emissions.
Enhanced dashboarding and reporting capabilities added in 2021 allow us to respond more quickly as

opportunities present themselves.

In 2021 we digitized our environmental regulatory documents, waste manifests, and several checklists to aid in

both accuracy and eﬃciency while reducing operator fatigue.

Beginning in September of 2020, Costco began to establish its own Central Monitoring program (Central

Station) to bring refrigeration, burglary and ﬁre monitoring of locations in-house.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO OPERATIONS

Last Updated: December 2021

MERCHANDISING

Costco is committed to providing our members with high-quality goods at the
lowest possible price in a way that is respectful to the environment – and to the
people and animals that produce these goods. 

There are many factors that go into how we source our goods. Over the years, we
have continued to expand our focus and dive deeper into issues such as human
rights further down the supply chain, environmental issues, water stewardship,
animal welfare, chemical use, packaging and ﬁsheries. In ﬁscal year 2021, we
enhanced our eﬀorts to work with qualiﬁed minority- and women-owned suppliers
in the communities where we do business. More information can be found on our
Supplier Diversity page. 

While a majority of our merchandise is branded, Costco’s line of exclusive,
private-label products called Kirkland Signature  continues to grow and expand
and more information is available on our Kirkland Signature page. 

™

In addition, we have provided further information by speciﬁc product in our
Product Categories pages of this Merchandising Section. Below provides an easy
reference to the topics that go into our sourcing decisions.

HUMAN RIGHTS

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS & LAND 
STEWARDSHIP

PACKAGING

ANIMAL WELFARE

SUSTAINABLE FISHERIES & 
AQUACULTURE

CHEMICAL MANAGEMENT

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE

BACK TO TOP

Last Updated: December 2021

HUMAN RIGHTS

Costco is committed to protecting the human rights, safety and dignity of the
people who contribute to the success of our business. We also seek to support the
welfare of the people who produce, process, harvest and transport the products we
sell.

INTRODUCTION

As a retailer with 288,000 employees worldwide and a merchandise supply chain spanning the globe, we recognize

the impact we can have on human rights. We have adopted policies and procedures around key human rights

topics, guided by our Code of Ethics, which are important to all levels of our organization. Our employee-related

rights are overseen and managed by senior management for each business unit. Our work in supply chain-related

human rights is overseen by the head of Global Sustainability & Compliance, who reports directly to Costco’s CEO.

In general, suppliers are contractually required to follow our Supplier Code of Conduct. That code and our Code of

Ethics are routinely highlighted at various events for both employees and suppliers to clearly communicate Costco’s

commitments to human rights. Additionally, members of Costco’s buying team who manage a supplier relationship

continue to be provided with in-person and online training regarding the importance of the Supplier Code of

Conduct and their speciﬁc role in supporting it within our supply chains.

OUR EMPLOYEES & COMMUNITIES

At Costco, we believe in the importance of respecting the rights of our workforce and treating our employees with

dignity and respect. Most of our employees are hourly employees in warehouses and distribution centers. We

believe in promoting from within our employee ranks and want to ensure all employees receive equal and

competitive wages and beneﬁts, and have opportunities to grow. We are also invested in attracting and retaining

talent, and creating a safe and productive work environment.

Read more about our speciﬁc programs and commitments on our Employee page.

We aim to contribute to the health and well-being of the communities where we do business, and where our
employees and members live and work. We conduct charitable donations focused on children, education, and

health and human services, and provide ﬁnancial assistance to underrepresented minorities. We also have

community investment programs in place to support economic development in communities of color.

More information can be found on our Communities page.

OUR SUPPLY CHAIN

We recognize the importance of respecting human rights throughout our supply chain and live by our Supplier Code

of Conduct in how we approach our business. This Code is global in its scope, and applies to all suppliers and their

facilities, as well as to Costco-owned manufacturing facilities. In order to align with international standards, it is

derived from the policies, standards, and conventions of the United Nations and the International Labor

Organization, as well as other leading independent standards such as the Responsible Business Alliance and

Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP).

We also have dedicated programs and initiatives, which vary by industry and geography, to support the livelihoods

of smallholder farmers, mitigate the risks of child and forced labor, and strengthen our broader sustainability eﬀorts.

Examples of these programs can be found in the Merchandising section.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct

The Code was established to protect the human rights and safety of the people who produce, process and/or

harvest the products we sell, while recognizing and respecting the cultural and legal diﬀerences found worldwide. To

this end, Costco:

Prohibits slave labor, human traﬃcking, illegal child labor, illegal prison labor, physical and sexual abuse,
bribery or attempted bribery, and health and safety conditions posing immediate risk to life and limb
Expects our suppliers to comply, at a minimum, with the applicable labor and environmental laws and
regulations of the country where the merchandise is produced
Encourages our suppliers to work to achieve “Above and Beyond Goals”
Currently allows suppliers to use legal prison labor, to support rehabilitation and restitution, under speciﬁc
conditions, which are outlined in our Global Policy on Prison Labor. We continue to transition away from our
limited use as set forth in our 2022 Statement on Prison Labor.

Supply Chain Risk Assessment

Because of the number of suppliers Costco has and their geographic dispersion, it is simply not practical to audit on

an ongoing basis to conﬁrm that all suppliers and their supply chains are in compliance with all aspects of our

Supplier Code of Conduct. Accordingly, we take a risk-based approach with respect to targeting audits and

otherwise seeking to conﬁrm compliance. The approach is based upon several factors, including the prior audit

performance and the following risk indices: U.S. Department of Labor’s List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or

Forced Labor, U.S. State Department Traﬃcking in Persons Report, and World Bank World Governance Indicators.

™
We emphasize auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature  merchandise and suppliers whose product or country of
origin poses an increased risk.

To support our risk assessment, we partnered with Verisk Maplecroft to analyze our supply chain data with various

political, human rights, economic and environmental risk indices. This will help us to direct limited resources to the
areas of highest social and environmental risks.

We are beginning to expand the scope of our audits to include on-farm audits for produce and fabric mill audits for
Kirkland Signature apparel.

Veriﬁcation

In FY21, over 4,500 independent third-party audits were conducted. For facilities considered intermediate to high
risk, audits are required annually at a minimum, and more frequently if corrective actions to Code violations require

onsite veriﬁcation. These audits are carried out on a partially announced basis, providing the facility with a two-week

window of when the audit may take place. This limited amount of advanced notice is to take the facility’s security
measures into consideration and to allow the supplier to collect records that are reviewed during the audit. Fully

unannounced audits are carried out on occasion, typically in response to tips received by our conﬁdential ethics

hotline. All audits include both the workplace where production takes place, as well as any onsite worker housing.

All audits are required to be conducted by a member of the Association of Professional Social Compliance Auditors
(APSCA). As an industry association whose members represent a substantial majority of the Social Compliance audit

industry, APSCA exists to enhance the professionalism, consistency and credibility of the individuals and

organizations performing independent social compliance audits.

For suppliers that are in full compliance with our Code of Conduct, subsequent audits may be less frequent.
We recognize there is room for continuous improvement and that some suppliers will need assistance with
compliance. For suppliers with audits that reveal the need for improvement, Costco requires Corrective Action
Plans, and often re-audits to determine progress. Costco also oﬀers other capacity building services that
improve management systems to address the causes of previous violations of the Code, including eLearning
video courses (in the local language), which correlate to the violations cited. Ultimately, Costco prefers to work
with suppliers and their facilities to correct Code violations rather than apply sanctions that may cause further
hardship to workers and their families who depend upon the employment.
Depending on the severity or lack of remediation of a Code violations, we reserve the right to terminate our
relationship or purchase orders with a supplier and their facility and have done so.

COVID-19

We seek to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 on workers in our supply chains. With regard to worker safety, in FY20

we incorporated a COVID-19 Preparedness Observations Checklist in each of our on-site audits, which continues to

date. This has helped educate suppliers on best practices for protecting their workforce and assess suppliers’

alignment with that guidance. Where circumstances have restricted the ability to conduct independent on-site

audits, we oﬀer suppliers a self-assessment (including a remote review of documentation) and worker survey. This is

to further the safety and security of our suppliers’ workers and that of the auditors.

Employee Engagement

In 2021, Costco continued programs to educate our employees with relevant responsibilities on the importance of
our Code of Conduct, through updated virtual training and in-person presentations to review our Code of Conduct

requirements.

CONFIDENTIAL ETHICS HOTLINE

We have a global conﬁdential ethics hotline to promote and monitor compliance with our Code of Ethics, our

Supplier Code of Conduct, and other legal and ethical policies: www.costco.ethicspoint.com. When we receive
inquiries, we investigate appropriately and depending upon the issue, may work with suppliers directly, conduct

independent third-party audits, and may terminate our relationship with suppliers if appropriate remedial action is

not taken.

HUMAN TRAFFICKING

We recognize that human traﬃcking is a serious global problem and are taking steps to bring awareness and

improvement to the issue. We also understand that sex traﬃcking (including the commercial exploitation of children),

occurs in the hospitality industry and as such work with our Costco Travel suppliers to bring awareness to this issue.
We also work with Truckers Against Traﬃcking to educate our ﬂeet drivers, as well as other trucking service

suppliers.

More information can be found in these statements:

Australia Modern Slavery Act Statement 
California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Disclosure 
UK Modern Slavery Act Statement 

CONFLICT MINERALS

In response to human rights abuses in parts of Africa, Costco has adopted a Conﬂict Minerals Policy Statement.
More information can be found in our Form SD and Conﬂict Minerals Report. In addition to our eﬀorts to address

minerals under Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold), as of FY21 we added cobalt

as a mineral of focus due to reported concerns over social and environmental impacts of cobalt extraction in the

Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Additionally, beginning in FY22, our compliance program broadened the

conﬂict areas of concern beyond the DRC and adjoining countries to include all Conﬂict Aﬀected and High-Risk

Areas as deﬁned by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

Gold Jewelry Traceability

Since its inception in FY19, Costco has continued a category-speciﬁc traceability program with our U.S. gold jewelry

suppliers to trace sourcing and further adherence to these sourcing standards: RJC Chain of Custody, RMI or

LBMA. We have developed a third-party chain of custody review to support veriﬁcation of the data identifying supply

chain links back to the smelter/reﬁnery level.

Responsible Minerals Initiative

Costco is a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), which is a resource to help companies address

responsible sourcing of minerals. We utilize the RMI’s Conﬂict Minerals Reporting Template and Cobalt Reporting

Template to trace the supply chain, and the RMI’s Responsible Minerals Assurance Process and database to

monitor smelters and reﬁners in our supply chain that are likely to supply minerals of 3TG (tantalum, tin, tungsten

and gold), and cobalt. Costco also leverages its membership to learn about emerging issues and best practices on

responsible mineral sourcing, and to work on addressing shared challenges.

STRATEGIC COLLABORATION

Costco recognizes that collaboration with multi-stakeholder coalitions is key to addressing many of the issues we

face, as social compliance audits alone will not fully address the complex issues in global supply chains. Therefore,

we have joined multiple eﬀorts to help improve the working conditions of people within our supply chains. Some

examples include:

Seafood

We helped organize and are an active member of the Seafood Task Force (STF), a collaboration tackling human
rights and environmental issues in the Thai shrimp and canned tuna supply chains. The Task Force includes
representatives from Thai shrimp feed manufacturers, shrimp and tuna processors, certain major retailers in the U.S.
and Europe, and nongovernmental organizations. Learn how the Seafood Task Force is working to drive

accountability, increase transparency and build conﬁdence in seafood supply chains in its 10 Point Action Plan.

In November 2020, the STF implemented a new Monitoring and Evaluation Model focused on traceability,

accountability and veriﬁcation to demonstrate that farmed shrimp, wild caught tuna and marine ingredient supply

chains are traceable and internally assessed for supply chain risk. STF works with Thai members in South East Asia

to provide training for their supply chains – land-based and sea-based – helping them to understand and implement
STF standards.

Recruitment

The unethical recruitment of workers – which may involve exorbitant fees paid by workers to labor recruiters, the

retention of passports or other personal documents, and labor contracts not in a language understood by the worker

– is a leading cause of forced labor and human traﬃcking. We are beginning to address this as follows:

Seafood 

Costco continues to support the Responsible Recruitment Oversight working subgroup of the STF to explore

responsible labor recruitment. The primary goal is to leverage the power of the membership to build demand for

responsible ethical recruitment practices throughout member supply chains. Research and engagement activity

since 2016 has provided valuable insights. As a result, over 65 companies and entities in their supply chains

alongside their recruiting agencies are now actively participating with a new batch of agencies due to come on
board by December 2021. Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment.

Agriculture 

Costco and some of its suppliers have begun to partner with CIERTO, an independent third-party nonproﬁt that

provides transparent, no worker-fee recruitment for farm workers in order to ethically and legally recruit farm labor

for U.S. agricultural products.

Foreign Labor 

Costco supports the work of the Responsible Labor Initiative (RLI) to address unethical recruitment in Southeast

Asia.

Agricultural Produce

Equitable Food Initiative (EFI) 
Costco is part of a fresh produce multi-stakeholder eﬀort – that includes farmers, suppliers, and NGOs to improve
labor practices, environmental stewardship, and food safety – for the beneﬁt of workers, agricultural communities,
businesses, and consumers. Costco has been the largest single investor/donor to EFI’s development, with over $2.5
million contributed since 2018. 

Costco pays a premium for this EFI-certiﬁed produce, to directly compensate farmworkers for the extra eﬀort they

provide. Costco is also the largest payer of the EFI premiums, with 87% going directly to farm workers and totaling

over $11.8 million since 2014. Ten percent of this premium is paid to EFI to fund expansion throughout the industry.

EFI provides:

Workers and managers training on conﬂict-resolution and problem-solving strategies to promote continuous
improvement and to comply with rigorous standards
Workers training on pesticide safety and personal protective equipment free of charge. More information can
be found in the Pollinator Health & Chemical Reduction section on our Environmental Impacts page.

Fair Trade 

Costco and some of its produce suppliers continue to support a program with Fair Trade USA, which directly

engages with farmworkers to promote sustainable incomes, safe working conditions, responsible labor recruitment

and contracting, environmental stewardship, and strong, transparent supply chains. For every Fair Trade Certiﬁed™

product sold, producers earn an additional amount of money, empowering farmers and workers to improve their

lives and ﬁght poverty. Through our direct engagement, farmworkers are provided with:

Training on food safety and quality, labor rights, workplace health and safety, and family ﬁnancial planning.
Improved communication and measurable impacts.
Fair Trade Certiﬁed funds to improve lives and livelihoods for workers and their communities.

Ethical Charter on Responsible Labor Practices 

In FY19, Costco began to support the eﬀorts of the Produce Marketing Association and the United Fresh Produce

Association to create an industry-wide framework on the responsible production and procurement of fresh fruit,

vegetables, and ﬂowers. This mission is captured by the Ethical Charter, of which Costco is one of many endorsers

representing the fresh produce industry, including growers, labor agencies, packers, distributors, foodservice
operators, marketers and retailers.

In FY20, Costco and others worked to develop a pilot aimed at educating and building the capacity of select
produce suppliers to strengthen their alignment with the Values and Guiding Principles of the Ethical Charter. The

pilot concluded in May 2021 and key ﬁndings showed the eﬀectiveness of providing virtual training and advisory

services focused on building management systems. Growers also validated the use of self-assessment
questionnaires to measure compliance with the Ethical Charter. We will continue to work with various industry

stakeholders to take the learnings from the innovative tools that were piloted and further develop scalable solutions
for the fresh produce industry.

Cotton

Care for the treatment of workers throughout our global supply chains is a strong focus for Costco, and we

recognize that the sourcing of cotton presents particular challenges with respect to forced labor around the world.

Costco remains a signatory to the multi-stakeholder pledge promoted by the Responsible Sourcing Network

concerning forced child and adult labor in Uzbekistan. We work to keep cotton produced by child and adult forced

labor in Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan out of our Kirkland Signature  items. We also collaborate with a multi-

™

stakeholder coalition to raise awareness of this very serious concern and to press for its elimination.

More information can be found in our Pledge Concerning Cotton.

Costco has joined a Forced Labor Working Group, which consists of brands and trade associations, to share best

practices and innovative approaches to mitigate forced labor risks with a speciﬁc focus on apparel and home textile

supply chains.

Additionally, in 2019, we began a cotton supply-chain mapping program, which requires document veriﬁcation, to

further understand where the cotton in our apparel products originates. To date, the program now covers Kirkland

Signature apparel and home textile products. Various screening processes are also applied to the manufacturing

entities involved in these supply chains to promote compliance with trade-sanction laws.

Apparel from Bangladesh

With the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety winding down, several former Alliance members and other brands
committed to sustaining the culture of factory safety in Bangladesh by launching Nirapon, a U.S.-based organization
tasked with monitoring the ongoing safety, training and helpline eﬀorts of the factories from which Nirapon members

source. Costco supports these eﬀorts by requiring suppliers who source from Bangladesh to be active members of

Nirapon and continuing the work of addressing building safety in the apparel industry of Bangladesh.

Multiple brands aligning behind one initiative should reduce the burden and help to maintain focus on workers’ rights

to a safe workplace. We feel optimistic that this approach will help to maintain the signiﬁcant safety enhancements

made during the ﬁve-year commitment of the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety.

Responsible Labor Initiative

Costco remains a member of the Responsible Labor Initiative (RLI), which promotes the rights of workers vulnerable
to forced labor globally. This initiative represents another opportunity for Costco to join a diverse network of
stakeholders focused on combating forced labor in our supply chains. Through our work with the RLI, we will

continue to focus on leveraging industry-based eﬀorts to reduce forced labor.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: May 2022

Costco understands that it has a responsibility to source its products in a way that
is respectful to the environment and to the people associated with that
environment. Our goal is to help provide a net positive impact for communities in
commodity-producing landscapes by doing our part to help reduce the loss of
natural forests and other natural ecosystems, which include native and/or intact
grasslands, peatlands, savannahs, and wetlands (collectively referred to as “natural
ecosystems”).

STEWARDSHIP GOALS

We want to work with suppliers and others to support good land stewardship practices that also respect the
autonomy and property rights of the landowner; are outcome-based rather than prescriptive; and respect the
ability of rural people and their communities to thrive while serving as stewards of the land. Good land
stewardship practices include, but are not limited to:

avoiding deforestation and conversion of natural ecosystems;
conserving or restoring natural ecosystems;
protecting High Conservation Value (HCV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS) forests;
ensuring free, prior and informed consent of indigenous people;
respecting basic human rights;
avoiding pollution;
protecting water resources;
protecting from harmful chemicals;
protecting, restoring, and promoting soil health; and
supporting the increased healthy production-eﬃciency of lands currently in production.

We understand there are many diﬀering perspectives on how to best protect these natural ecosystems; plus

they are complex, with many stakeholders of varying cultures, viewpoints and land conservation practices. It will

take a phased approach of continuous improvement over time to reach these goals. We cannot do this alone
and will depend upon the insight, experience, and wisdom of our suppliers, scientists, and other experts. We
also acknowledge that as we learn more, our goals may change.

FOREST CONSERVATION COMMITMENT

Introduction

Costco understands that it has a responsibility to source its products in a way that is respectful to the

environment and to the people associated with that environment. Our goal is to help provide a net positive

impact for communities in commodity-producing landscapes, by doing our part to help reduce the loss of

natural forests and other high conservation value natural ecosystems. Deforestation is occurring at a rapid rate

due to the conversion of natural forest landscapes to land used for growing livestock and agriculture. These

natural ecosystems provide high environmental and social value, including habitat for diverse animal species,

carbon sinks, and long-term livelihoods for human populations living in and near these forests.

We believe that our most impactful ﬁrst steps to help support good forest stewardship practices and to protect

forests are to (1) source our wood, paper, and ﬁber-based products from responsibly managed and certiﬁed

forests, and (2) use recycled content and alternative ﬁbers when feasible. While we desire all products to be

sourced this way and encourage our suppliers to follow this goal, we have focused our eﬀorts on our Kirkland

Signature™ products. In FY2020, we published our Forest Conservation Commitment. We have further reﬁned

and updated it as stated herein.

Certiﬁed Fiber

Costco currently accepts forest management certiﬁcations from three leading organizations: Forest Stewardship

Council

 (FSC) , Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certiﬁcation

®

1

(PEFC), with a preference for FSC. The certiﬁcation is dependent upon numerous factors, some of which include

the currently available supply for each product, the geographic origin of the product and the country where the

product is produced. These certiﬁcations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their

communities are balanced with conservation of our forests for future generations.

Recycled Content

Virgin ﬁbers and recycled ﬁbers interact to create a mutually beneﬁcial ﬁber cycle that meets a wide range of

quality needs for products. Fiber products are not inﬁnitely recyclable – after about seven times they degrade,

lose their strength and are no longer usable. This is why virgin ﬁbers have an important role in the cycle. Virgin

ﬁbers are valued for products that require their strength, softness, color and absorbance qualities, such as

premium bath tissue. To reduce our use of virgin ﬁber, we will maintain a preference for recycled ﬁber where

feasible and where we believe it is a more sustainable alternative to virgin ﬁber. The ﬁnal choice of ﬁber will be

determined by quality and food safety requirements, product speciﬁcation and performance, and legal

requirements.

Recycled ﬁbers, in contrast, are great for making such things as cardboard and packaging, which don’t require

as much softness or absorbency. The production of cardboard and packaging use recycled ﬁbers more

eﬃciently than tissue production because fewer ﬁbers fall through and end up as waste.

Responsible forest management is an important component in sourcing ﬁber for paper-based packaging.

Costco remains committed to sourcing the ﬁber used for its products and packaging to come from known

sources, be legally harvested under certiﬁed forest management programs and not contribute to deforestation

or degradation. A major focus for Costco is to bring more recycled content into packaging, especially with

Kirkland Signature™ products, where our company has the most inﬂuence.

Key Commodities

We are committed to eliminating deforestation in ﬁve key commodities in our Kirkland Signature supply chains

that contribute to deforestation: palm oil, wood/pulp/paper, soy, cocoa and beef. In addition to updating our

progress on our Sustainability Commitment Updates we also intend to publicly report using CDP Forest by 2022
or before.

Palm Oil

Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is committed to ensuring that the
palm oil, palm kernel oil, palm kernel expeller oil, and other palm-based derivatives and fractions (“palm oil”)
contained in Kirkland Signature  products are responsibly sourced.

™

Our goal is that all palm oil used in Kirkland Signature products globally is 100% RSPO certiﬁed, with a

preference for mass balance, segregated or identity preserved. As of 2021, 98.6% of our palm oil is RSPO

certiﬁed, according to supplier-reported data.

More information can be found on the Oil, Honey & Spices product page.

Wood, Pulp & Paper

Costco remains committed to sourcing from certiﬁed forests all of its wood, pulp and paper products. Examples

include:

All teak sold at Costco is FSC 100% certiﬁed. Costco sells other FSC-certiﬁed solid wood products,
including cedar wood playsets, gazebos, bee houses, outdoor furniture and pavilions.

As of FY21 and based upon the volume of ﬁber used in our Kirkland Signature paper-based products in
the chart below, 99.9% is certiﬁed to FSC, SFI and/or PEFC, according to supplier reports. We are working
toward 100% certiﬁcation that will include our Gift Tissue and Photo paper that represent 0.1% of this
ﬁber volume. We will continue to expand the Kirkland Signature items in this chart as we develop new
products.

99.4% of register tape used in our U.S. and Canadian warehouses is FSC-certiﬁed and is also phenol-free
(no BPA or BPS). We are working to expand that to warehouses and gas stations worldwide. Japanese gas
station receipts now use ﬁber from FSC certiﬁed sources, according to supplier reports. More information
can be found on our Chemical Management page.
In the U.S., according to supplier reports, the paper used for The Costco Connection magazine,
Costco.com mailer, Business Savings Event mailer, Costco Services magazine, Holiday Savings Guide,
Costco Travel Guide to Savings, and Costco Auto Program Show caseliers are certiﬁed to FSC or SFI
standards. The U.S. Multivendor Mailers use ﬁber from FSC certiﬁed sources, although there is no
certiﬁcation claim on it.
In Canada, the Costco Connection magazine, Wellness ﬂier, and Costco.ca insert are certiﬁed to the FSC
standard, according to supplier reports.
Our U.S. warehouse pharmacy transitioned to member bags with FSC-certiﬁed recycled content.

More information can be found on the Wood, Pulp & Paper product page.

Soy

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil. For that
reason and others, Costco will continue to source Kirkland Signature™ soy-based products, such as Kirkland
Signature soybean oil, vegetable oil and organic soy beverages, from the U.S. and Canada.

More information can be found on the Oil, Honey & Spices product page and the Eggs, Dairy & Plant-Based
Beverage Alternatives page.

Cocoa

Costco will continue to support eﬀorts to eliminate deforestation in cocoa production. We are aware that the

Côte d’Ivoire has lost 80% of its forests in the last 50 years and that cocoa production is one of the drivers of

that loss. The majority of cocoa sourced for Kirkland Signature chocolate products is from Costco’s Sassandra

Cocoa program, located in the Côte d’Ivoire. Costco continues to fund the distribution and replanting of trees to

facilitate reforestation and agroforestry eﬀorts, for a total of 153,000 trees to date. Our goal is for 100% of cocoa

farmers in the program to have their farms GPS polygon mapped for monitoring. This is done to ensure the

farms are not located in protected forests and to help preserve these forests from any further encroachment. We

increased the number of farmers in the program by more than 25% this year and our partners worked quickly to

polygon map their farms. As of September 2021, 100% of farmers are registered and 87% of the farms have

been polygon mapped.

This program has implemented the following to reduce the risk of deforestation:

In the past, 1.1 million hybrid high-yielding cocoa seedlings have been distributed, enabling 2,100 farmers
to replant a total of 1,100 hectares.
To date, over 153,000 forest and shade trees have been distributed.
Farmers and cooperatives were asked to choose among the varieties of shade trees oﬀered. We provided
trees that service multiple purposes. Some provide fruit or medicine, while others provide natural nitrogen
ﬁxing properties to lessen the need for synthetic fertilizer. The preferred trees by farmers this season were
Cedrela, Frake and Akpi.

More information can be found on the Cocoa, Coﬀee & Coconut product page and Côte d’Ivoire Report.

Beef

There are concerns that beef production contributes to tropical deforestation in countries such as Argentina,

Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay. We notiﬁed suppliers that our Kirkland Signature™ items containing beef should

not come from these regions. This includes beef sold in our fresh meat cases. We conduct surveys with our

suppliers to conﬁrm compliance.

According to supplier reports for FY21, over 88% of the beef in Kirkland Signature items came from the U.S.,

Canada and New Zealand. From these reports, we identiﬁed one ground beef item being sold in one region that

contained less than 1 percent of Argentine beef. We are working with our supplier to address this issue.

Our ongoing intent is not to source beef from high-risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability
and monitoring systems are in place.

Costco is a member of the U.S. Roundtable of Sustainable Beef, and the Canadian Roundtable of Sustainable
Beef, and engages with the Australian Beef Sustainability Framework. These multi stakeholder organizations
facilitate the system-level change that is needed to address many of our environmental concerns.

More information can be found on the Protein & Plant-Based Alternatives product page.

POLLINATOR HEALTH & CHEMICAL REDUCTION

Pollinator health is a complex issue, which we are addressing in numerous ways. We understand that the native
pollinators and managed honeybee populations are declining due to pests, pathogens, pesticides, and poor
nutrition. These pollinators are necessary for pollinating approximately one-third of the food we eat, including
many fruits, nuts and vegetables. More information can be found in our 2019 July Costco Connection article,

Honeybee Health.

Research Support

We have invested over $6.5 million for honey bee research, putting natural forage back on the landscape, and

best practices improvements with Project Apis m. in the U.S. and Canada. Project Apis m. and Costco are

supporting a multi-year project to study honey bee and native bee interactions, to increase the science in this

area, and to learn more about how to improve and manage habitat for the beneﬁt of many bee species.

More information can be found on the Project Apis m. Blog and on the Oils, Honey & Spices product page.

Pollinator Friendly Agricultural Practices

We work with our fresh produce and almond suppliers to encourage the planting of buﬀer zones to beneﬁt

pollinators. We also encourage almond growers to use cover crops to increase the density, diversity and
duration of bee forage in California orchards, which also improves soil health.

The seed mixes available through the Seeds for Bees program of Project Apis m. that we support are designed

to provide multiple beneﬁts to managed honey bees, native pollinators and crops. Some mixes bloom at critical

times of the year when natural forage is scarce, but when managed bees are active. Seeds for Bees serves the

needs of beekeepers and growers while increasing sustainability and biodiversity. In 2019, Seeds for Bees also

developed a Western monarch habitat seed mix to address the dwindling Western Monarch Butterﬂy population.

From 2013 to 2021, the Seeds for Bees program planted over 51,400 acres of cover crops in California.

In the Midwest of the US, a critical area where eﬀorts are focused to support honey production, pollination, and

native pollinators, we started working with The Bee and Butterﬂy Habitat Fund’s Seed A Legacy Program. In

2020-21 this has resulted in 132 acres of pollinator habitat, 66 Monarch Butterﬂy mixture acres and 536,514

milkweed seeds.

In Brazil, where our Kirkland Signature  Organic Raw Honey is sourced, we support Casa Apis’ eﬀorts to plant

™

drought-tolerant native trees in Brazil. Casa Apis is a cooperative of over 700 small-scale beekeepers in
Northeastern Brazil. As of August 2021, a total of 15,860 trees have been planted and and their goal over the

next ﬁve years is to plant over 200,000 seedlings across 740 acres of land to support the entire beekeeping

population in the area.

Read more about Casa Apis eﬀorts in this Trees for Bees write-up.

Chemical Use Reduction

Pollinator Health Policy

The scope of our Pollinator Health Policy includes suppliers of live goods (garden plants), fruit and vegetables.
Costco encourages them to limit the use of non-essential chemicals, to utilize eco-friendly methods of pest and

disease control, and to incorporate Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategies and other creative solutions for
the use of least toxic alternatives. Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and
chlorpyrifos, unless mandated otherwise by law and when possible to avoid regrettable substitutions. Costco

seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and make reasonable
progress in a timely manner.

Progress Update

Our suppliers share our concern to minimize chemical use and have been phasing out the use of neonicotinoids

and chlorpyrifos. We remain committed to working with our suppliers to phase out harmful chemicals. For FY21,
we have expanded our grower survey to include our other selling regions and we also inquired about glyphosate
as well as all organophosphates, not just chlorpyrifos. Below is a summary of our progress for live goods and

cut ﬂowers based on supplier reports:

Live Goods: In FY21, we conducted a follow-up survey to U.S. live goods suppliers to determine their use
of neonicotinoids since our last survey of 2021. As of FY21, 75% of our suppliers have moved away from
using neonicotinoids, which is an increase from 70% in FY20. Sixty-nine percent of the remaining suppliers
still using neonicotinoids reported that they’ve reduced usage. For FY21, 84% of U.S. live goods suppliers
reported that they don’t use any organophosphates and 76% said they don’t use glyphosate.
Fresh Flowers: In FY21, we surveyed our U.S. fresh ﬂower suppliers and learned that 80% do not use
neonicotinoids, 90% don’t use organophosphates or glyphosate. The remaining suppliers decreased their
use of those chemicals.
Roses: Many of our cut roses we sell worldwide are sourced from Colombia and Ecuador – and are
certiﬁed by the Rainforest Alliance, which prohibits the use of neonicotinoids and limits the use of
chlorpyrifos with risk mitigation. Our UK locations sell roses sourced from Kenya and these suppliers do
not use chlorpyrifos. Instead they use integrated pest management systems, use neonicotinoids in limited
situations and, since the roses are grown under cover, pollinators are further protected from exposure to
neonicotinoids. More information can be found on the Organics, Greenhouse Grown & Horticulture product
page.
Canada: For Live Goods and Fresh Flowers in FY21 92% of the suppliers aren’t using neonicotinoids.
Other practices to support pollinator health: Our global suppliers reported various eﬀorts being done to
support pollinator health and improve on farm practices such as integrated pest management (IPM); scout
and monitor pest and pathogen to proactively manage their population; use of beneﬁcial insects, biological
alternatives, oils, and soaps; physically excluding plant pests by creating barriers and separations; working
with extension oﬃces and/or local government; setting aside land for pollinator habitat and planting other
pollinator friendly native plants; and increasing regenerative and organic growing practices.

Equitable Food Initiative (EFI)

Costco is part of a fresh produce multi-stakeholder eﬀort – that includes farmers, suppliers, and NGOs to

improve labor practices, environmental stewardship, and food safety – for the beneﬁt of workers, agricultural

communities, businesses, and consumers.

More information can be found on the Costco Connection article, Fairness in farming, the EFI website and in our

Human Rights page.

As of July 2021, 16 Costco suppliers are working with EFI on 56 certiﬁed operations employing nearly 46,237

workers. EFI Program Status:

Costco Suppliers Certiﬁed Operations Employed Workers

2020

2021

15

16

41

56

28,600

46,237

In addition to labor and food safety standards, certiﬁcation also includes:

An implemented Integrated Pest Management (IPM) plan that includes a stepped approach starting with
biological controls followed by cultural, physical, and ﬁnally chemical responses.
Application records for conventional and open ﬁelds operations to be entered into the Pesticide Risk Tool
(PRT) in order to generate a risk assessment that can inform spray decisions. EFI continues to partner with
The IPM Institute of North America to aggregate and analyze pesticide application records entered into the
PRT.
A written justiﬁcation for each application of a highly hazardous pesticide, aligned with their IPM plan and
documenting that risk management measures were implemented during application.
Irrigation practices that limit erosion, and uncultivated buﬀer strips to further protect water habitats
Worker training for appropriate pesticide use, and the importance of respecting reentry intervals, which
also prohibits oﬀ-label pesticide use; providing to all workers personal protective equipment (PPE) free of
charge; reporting to EFI leadership the name, date, and location of all applications; and medical monitoring
of workers handling organophosphate or carbamate pesticides.

Expanded Product Selection

Almond Beverage:

®

Silk  recently unveiled its ﬁrst lineup of Bee Better Certiﬁed almond milk products available exclusively at

Costco. The Bee Better Certiﬁcation applies to Silk’s line of organic products sold at Costco including original,

unsweetened, and unsweetened vanilla products, and represents a veriﬁed achievement to make almond farms

better for bees. Almond farms certiﬁed to the Bee Better standard have planted habitat to provide food and

shelter to bees, and promote integrated pest management practices that are safer for bees.

Read more about this product in our Silk Brand Showcase and in this article, Bee Better Certiﬁed: One Acre At A

Time.

Weed & Insect Control Products

Costco now sells a number of organic and alternative gardening products, which contain natural and/or
organic elements.
Globally, we no longer oﬀer weed and insect control products containing glyphosate, neonicotinoids or
chlorpyrifos.
Since 2018, we have sold various Bee Houses, including bee houses that support native pollinators,
allowing our members an opportunity to also support pollinator health in their own home garden areas.

Organics and Greenhouses

We continue to expand our selection of organic products and have increased products grown in greenhouses,
which in turn supports pollinator health. Costco’s selection of organic products in FY21 continued to grow
worldwide to meet our members’ demands, with organic comprising 33% of our fresh produce sales.

For more information, please see our Organics, Greenhouse Grown & Horticulture product page.

CONSERVING & RESTORING NATURAL ECOSYSTEMS

Regenerative Agriculture

Costco believes protecting and regenerating nature is imperative and the right thing to do. We strongly

encourage our suppliers to follow the principles of regenerative agriculture, which include practices that

minimize soil disturbance, increase plant diversity, keep living roots in the ground year-round, keep soils covered

and integrate animals back onto the land. These principles help create healthier soil. Healthy soils are critical to
long-term agricultural production because they reduce plant vulnerability, can improve crop production and can

improve farm proﬁtability. Increasing the organic matter in soil helps the land hold and retain more water which is

critical in times of drought or excessive rainfall.

Northern Great Plains Preservation

Costco recognizes that one of the greatest threats to native grasslands or prairies is the conversion to cropland.

We also recognize that responsible beef production can be linked to the preservation of native grasslands in
places like the Northern Great Plains of the U.S. (NGP), where the intact grassland ecosystem is compatible with

responsible cattle grazing.

Costco partnered with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and others to help protect the NGP intact grassland

ecosystem and to test the U.S. Roundtable for Sustainable Beef’s (USRSB) sustainability framework to ensure it

is useful and practical for cow-calf producers in the NGP. This program partnership has since concluded and we

learned valuable lessons to apply in our future rancher engagements.

Responsible grazing maintains the health of grasslands, improves soil quality with manure, and preserves open

space and wildlife habitat. Additionally, carbon is sequestered in the grasses and soils of grazing lands that are

properly managed. Beef production also provides social beneﬁts by sustaining livelihoods and community

vibrancy in rural areas where grasslands dominate. Keeping NGP as grasslands not only helps conserve

biodiversity, but it also means cleaner streams, less fertilizer runoﬀ, more pollinators for plants and more carbon

stored in the soil. For more information, please visit our Protein & Plant-Based Alternatives product page.

1

Costco’s FSC license code FSC-N003307

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: May 2022

PACKAGING

In 2021, we continued our focus on packaging – an area of our business where
continuous improvement is needed. 

We also know this is a complex aspect of our business that has many components,
including concerns about the increase of plastic waste in landﬁlls and the oceans,
the need for more uniform waste collection programs, the need to increase the
recycling infrastructure, the diversity and fragmentation of laws and regulations,
and the shortage of viable alternatives that meet our needs. It will take time and the
cooperation of many – including our suppliers, members, the packaging industry,
municipal services and governments – working together to come up with solutions.

TRADE-OFFS & LIFE-CYCLE ANALYSIS

Trade-oﬀs

Packaging is complex and trade-oﬀs need to be made. We realize the trade-oﬀs in selecting materials, and

attempt to balance them and come up with solutions that have an overall positive impact.

There is no perfect package; choices require energy, water, and resources, and create an environmental impact.
We consider every aspect of the process, from raw materials extraction, to recycled content, to production and
delivery. No matter which material is selected, there are consequences at every stage of the process. By
examining these solutions holistically, we make choices based on many factors such as water impacts and
greenhouse gases throughout the life cycle of production, delivery, consumption and end of life.

Egg Packaging Trade-oﬀs

While we recognize that recyclability of egg cartons is an increasing challenge for some of our members, we
also prioritize reducing food waste in our supply chain. Using this packaging saves 9 million eggs a year from
the waste stream. In addition, our egg packaging is made of 100% recycled PET water bottles and is 40%

lighter than pulp egg cartons. This weight diﬀerence and packaging construction allows for 50% more cartons

to be packed onto a truck, reducing the delivery impact between farms and our Greenhouse Gas Emissions
(GHG) footprint.

Life-cycle Analysis

In order to better understand trade-oﬀs and to optimize packaging options we utilize Life Cycle Assessment

tools that allow us to:

Understand the greenhouse gas emissions of materials selected
See the water use and eutrophication of water in the manufacturing process
Compare the weight and eﬃciency of truck delivery impacts
Make more informed decisions by seeing the total impact of packaging production and end-of-life options
from extraction to disposal

GLOBAL PACKAGING PLAN OVERVIEW

In 2019, we introduced our Global Packaging Plan to address many aspects of our business. It is divided into

three categories: packaging goals, implementation plan and packaging strategies. Here is an update on our

progress for ﬁscal year 2021.

Packaging Goals

Reduce our operational packaging waste by improving our eﬃciencies, with the added beneﬁt of reducing
expenses.
Provide sustainable packaging to our members without compromising food safety, product quality, or
sales while ensuring our packaging: (1) complies with laws and regulations, (2) reduces materials, and (3)
communicates eﬀectively with our members.

Implementation Plan

Adopt global packaging, recycling and waste strategies for both operations (including operational waste and

incoming pallet product packaging waste) and merchandising. Our progress for 2021 includes the following and
can be reviewed in more detail on our Waste Minimization page:

Developed and implemented Standard Operating Procedures for operational packaging waste in U.S.
locations
Launched the iGPS plastic pallet recycling pilot program
Increased shrink and cardboard recycling in operations by 13.3%, a portion of which comes from incoming
pallet packaging of products sold in our locations

Create internal systems to track and monitor our operational packaging waste and packaging footprint. Our

progress for 2021 includes:

Continued our packaging data collection process in an eﬀort to gather accurate, detailed packaging
information and develop a clear understanding of our packaging footprint. This project allows us to more
closely track our materials use in our packaging choices, determine more eﬀectively where we can make
improvements and provide more transparency in the supply chain. With this information, we can make
targeted goals based on actual data and make meaningful improvements.
Made continued improvement to our global operational waste diversion reporting systems

Explore further partnerships to support innovations for packaging and packaging waste. Our progress for 2021

includes:

Joined and/or became members and participated in numerous packaging organizations which include:

SPC: Sustainable Packaging Coalition
How2Recycle label program
APCO: Australian Packaging Covenant
APR: Association of Plastics Recyclers
PAC: Packaging Consortium: Packaging Association of Canada

Working with materials experts at universities for input and advice
Partnering with our suppliers to improve packaging. For example, a supplier in the UK, provides a
comprehensive packaging option that reduces plastic packaging, uses recycled content, creates
recyclable packaging and uses FSC certiﬁed ﬁber. To learn more, please see our U.K. Costco Connection
article, Beyond the box.

Packaging Strategies

1. Reduce the amount of packaging overall
2. Increase the recycled content and certiﬁed ﬁber in packaging
3. Increase the recyclability and compostability of packaging
4. Educate and learn from employees, suppliers and members the importance of sustainable packaging and

recycling

Progress on these are outlined below.

1REDUCE THE AMOUNT OF PACKAGING OVERALL

Importance of Reduction

We recognize the global need to reduce the amount of packaging we use to keep waste out of landﬁlls and to

keep plastic out of the oceans. We are committed to doing our part. Our eﬀorts are balanced against protecting

the integrity of the product, the availability of suitable alternatives and the complex area of recyclability that is

dependent upon geographic areas. In some cases we have eliminated plastic altogether, and if not possible, we

try to reduce it through redesign. We also look at ways to reduce paper and corrugated packaging.

Progress to Date – Reduction Eﬀorts

In 2019, we began an internal review to determine our packaging footprint. We determined that we have

implemented packaging in the last several years that reduces our plastic footprint by over 8.6 million pounds for

ﬁscal years 2019-20, which is summarized in the 2019-2020 packaging footprint summary.

Costco continues to make progress toward reduction of packaging as we review each item for opportunities to

make meaningful changes. Each year brings new progress in our quest to add more items to this initiative. In

2021, we further reduced plastic by over 17 million pounds. We are making strides in this eﬀort, as our year-

over-year progress continues to add up and examples of our packaging footprint reduction, based on supplier

reports in 2021 include:

™

™

Redesigned our tub for Kirkland Signature  Platinum Performance UltraShine Dishwasher Detergent Pacs,
resulting in 35,000 pounds less plastic annually.
Changed Kirkland Signature Ultra Clean HE Laundry Detergent Pacs from a tub to a bag, reducing plastic
use by 1.36 million pounds annually.
Changed the fresh apple packaging in our U.S. produce department from plastic clamshells to corrugated
boxes, reducing plastic use by 11.3 million pounds annually.
Reduced the gauge in our U.S. fresh meat trays by 25%, lowering our plastic use by 1.4 million pounds
annually.
Changed Kirkland Signature Roasted & Salted Cashews from a jar to a bag, reducing our annual plastic
use by 1.6 million pounds.
Reduced the gauge in our fresh meat roll bags in the U.S., resulting in less plastic usage by 500,000
pounds annually.
Changed wine bottles from glass to bag-in-a-box solutions, reducing the annual materials weight by over 2
million pounds.
Changed the ﬁlm window on our Kirkland Signature Triple Cheese Tart in Korea to a wood-based cellulose
plastic that is also SFI certiﬁed.
Converted loaf packaging the bakery to paperboard boxes.
Reduced plastic packaging by our produce suppliers by over 295,000 pounds in the U.S. and Mexico.
Changed the packaging on two service deli items, resulting in a 300,000 pound reduction in plastic in
Australia.
Replaced two black plastic bakery trays with ﬁber-based solutions, replacing plastic use by over 300,000
pounds annually in Canada.
Discontinued individually wrapping Kirkland Signature apparel shipments in plastic bags.

In addition, our branded partners across the globe have made many eﬀorts to change their packaging to align

with our goals to reduce packaging, increase recycled content, and improve recyclability and communication
with our members.

We continue to review and test items for further opportunities to reduce plastic and other materials. While the
pace of change may appear slow, it can take several years to scale the changes, review and test to ensure
packaging changes don’t result in product damage or food spoilage – which could be environmentally worse
than the packaging impact.

2INCREASE THE RECYCLED CONTENT & CERTIFIED FIBER IN

PACKAGING

Importance of Recycled Content

Our goal is for packaging to be widely recyclable and/or made from recycled content. Using recycled content
serves many purposes:

It supports the recycling industry, which we need to help us to manage the current state of packaging
waste. While recycling has suﬀered from an outdated infrastructure, it is still a viable solution and an
industry worth supporting. We will not be able to address our plastic waste issues without supporting the
recycling industry. It supports the circular economy, and provides opportunities for closed-loop systems
that regenerate materials.
Depending upon whether the recycled content is ﬁber or plastic, recycling may reduce energy use in the
production of packaging by lowering greenhouse gas emissions. The procurement of raw materials has an
energy footprint that can be reduced by recycling existing materials, which is less carbon-intensive.
Additionally, recycling diverts materials from landﬁlls, which reduces methane emissions from materials in
landﬁlls.

Importance of Certiﬁed Fiber-based & Corrugated Packaging

Whenever possible, ﬁber used for paper-based packaging should come from known sources, should be

procured from well-managed forests and should not contribute to deforestation. We want our ﬁber-based

packaging sourced from responsibly managed and certiﬁed forests and/or use recycled content and alternative

ﬁbers when feasible. Costco currently accepts forest management certiﬁcations from three leading

organizations: Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) or Programme for the

Endorsement of Forest Certiﬁcation (PEFC), with a preference for FSC. We support certiﬁed ﬁber and traceability

in ﬁber and paper resources

More information about Costco’s deforestation goals can be found on the Environmental Impacts and Land

Stewardship page.

Progress to Date - Recycled Content

Our use of recycled content in plastic packaging continues to be on par or ahead of global targets set by the
many regions in which we operate. Costco has been an active user of recycled content in plastic packaging for

many years and continues to increase its use of recycled content. Our use of recycled ﬁber also continues to

grow. Please view a summary on our previous 2019-2020 increase of recycled content. In FY20, all of our U.S.

Ecommerce shipping boxes fulﬁlled by Costco used 100% recycled content. In FY21, due to increased demand

for ecommerce products and supply constraints, we had to supplement some boxes that did not utilize 100%

recycled content. Examples of our progress on recycled content and certiﬁed ﬁber use in 2021 include:

™

U.S. Kirkland Signature  spice clear bottles use 50% recycled content.
Kirkland Signature pet food bags increased from 30% to 50% recycled content.
Australian fresh oyster tray packaging is now 100% recycled content.
U.S. Kirkland Signature Ultra Clean HE Plant-Based Liquid Laundry Detergent packaging is composed of
80% post-consumer recycled content and 17% plant-based materials.
U.S. Roll stock bags for fresh meat now contain 60% post-consumer recycled content.
U.S. fresh produce corrugated apple boxes are FSC or SFI certiﬁed.
U.S. fresh produce molded ﬁber baskets for mushrooms are FSC certiﬁed.
U.S. food court plates are SFI certiﬁed and USDA Biobased certiﬁed.
Our Kirkland Signature apparel packaging, hang tags, paper tags, paperboard inserts and polybags are all
100% recycled content.
In Australia, our service deli replaced the black plastic base for rotisserie items and salads with recycled
content and recyclable clear base packaging.

An additional 26 items globally now use recycled content and we continue to increase the items that are

packaged with certiﬁed ﬁber materials.

3INCREASE THE RECYCLABILITY & COMPOSTABILITY OF ALL

PACKAGING

The Importance of Recyclability – and the Challenges

In the past several years, recycling and recyclable packaging have received a lot of attention. We understand
that inconsistencies in the recycling process and service levels from place to place have contributed to
confusion and distrust in the viability of recycling.

Many members and the general public were surprised to learn that recycling, at least in the U.S. and Mexico, is
typically a private enterprise, and not a public service. In Canada, extended producer responsibility is mandated

by regulations where curbside “blue box” programs are oﬀered to the majority of the population and run by

public and/or private enterprise, and paid for by the consumer and/or retailer. This means recycling is also
dependent on market forces.

On January 1, 2018, global market forces were severely impacted when China banned the import of plastics for
recycling, which accounted for 70% of global recycling, turning a revenue stream to an added cost for many
global recyclers. Those items that recycling services can sell for materials recovery are what gets collected. If

they cannot sell the used packaging, those items end up in the landﬁll and are suspended from collection. For

recycling to improve, investment in recycling businesses and infrastructure is needed.

To be considered “recyclable,” various rules, regulations and guidelines require that the product be “widely

recyclable,” meaning at least 50% (or more depending upon the geographic area) of the population has access

to recycle the packaging. We also recognize widely recyclable packaging is dependent upon the availability of
recycling infrastructure streams, which are inconsistent. This underscores the need for a multifaceted approach

to recyclability.

Designing recyclable packaging is critical to creating a supply of recycled materials. We also want to provide an
opportunity for our members to recycle by providing them with responsible choices in our packaging solutions.

Recycling promotes a circular process where materials can be used more than once before reaching the end of

life.

To assist us on our path to make our packaging recyclable, this year Costco joined the Association of Plastics

Recyclers (APR), to support and learn how to improve recycling of our items, to support the industry that is a

key driver of recovery of materials and to work toward meeting global requirements.

Additionally, our membership in the Sustainable Packaging Coalition and expansion of the How2Recycle  label
on our packaging, helps us to analyze the recyclability of a package and communicate the proper sortation to

®

our members.

Progress to Date - Recyclability

We continue to make progress in increasing our recyclable packaging. Many of our packages have been
recyclable for some time. Please view our previous 2019 - 2020 increase of recyclable content summary.
Examples of our progress in 2021 include:

In the U.S. the majority of our fresh apple clamshells have been converted into recyclable corrugated
packaging.
In Japan, our service deli changed the black plastic tray previously used for fresh sushi packaging to a
clear, recyclable tray.

Operational Packaging

Costco also recycles a great deal of packaging in our daily operations and diverts over a half million tons of
packaging annually. This was an increase of 13.3% in 2021 from 2020. Please see our Waste Minimization page.

Polystyrene

Costco continues to work on developing solutions to address expanded polystyrene use in a variety of

packaging types. Some of our 2021 improvements include:

In some U.S. markets we are now use recyclable PET trays for fresh meat.
In our U.S. Business Delivery cold-chain packaging we use a dissolvable, starch-based foam with a
recyclable ﬁlm wrap for food product shipping.

Additionally, our global in-house operation recycled over 1,000 tons of Styrofoam  products in 2021.

®

Food Court Pizza Box

In 2020, the Recycling Partnership commissioned a study to determine the recyclability of pizza boxes. The
research found that even moderate amounts of grease on the packaging still allowed for recycling.

Therefore in 2021, we added the How2Recycle  label to our food court pizza boxes to communicate this to our
members. While not all recycling programs currently accept pizza boxes, this research supports reevaluating
that position.

®

Importance of Compostability

Costco continues to expand the use of compostable packaging. We also recognize that single-use plastic is a

worldwide concern and are exploring opportunities to replace those items with alternative materials.

Additionally, we understand that access to industrial composting is limited for our members. With that in mind,

we have determined that locations where we have control of the wastes are the best opportunity to ensure that

these items get composted. We continue to make progress in our food court packaging globally and actively

seek solutions for the remaining food service items to help reduce single-use plastic.

The past year Covid-19 aﬀected many supply chains including those for compostable packaging. While every

eﬀort was made to adhere to our goal of compostable packaging for our food courts globally, periodically we

were unable to meet that standard due to material shortages.

Progress to Date - Compostability

We continue to review and test available options across the company for opportunities to replace challenging
materials. In 2021 we continued to expand and implement compostable food service packaging, which includes

compostable birch ﬂatware in our Australian food courts. Please review our 2019-2020 expansion of

compostability summary.

4EDUCATE

In 2021 we continued to expand our platform for educating employees, suppliers, and members on our

packaging eﬀorts and how they can be involved. Additionally, we continue to reach out to learn more about the

impact of our choices and making informed decisions.

We accomplish this in a variety of ways:

Improved package labeling for recycling, recoverability and compostability
Added the How2Recycle label to over 100 items with another 146 items currently in progress.
Communication and education to our employees and members in the form of:

Packaging guidelines for our suppliers and employees
Internal training courses on sustainable packaging initiatives
Articles in our company publication, the Costco Connection
Articles in our employee publication, Costco Today
Employee club engagement, including activities and guest speakers
Special projects and internal teams to drive reporting, and to share ideas and solutions
Direct member engagement through phone and electronic communication
Package labeling and sustainability certiﬁcations

INNOVATION, REDESIGN & OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCIES

Costco continues to look for ways to improve the design of its packaging to reduce the amount, improve the

eﬃciency, and improve operational eﬃciencies in order to reduce the packaging footprint and reduce costs.

Some examples include:

Costco has always sold goods directly out of the boxes they are shipped in, then reused those same
recyclable boxes at the register by oﬀering them to members in lieu of shopping bags. Boxes that don’t
get used by members are recycled in-house. More information can be found on the Waste Minimization
page.
We support the redesign of packaging to utilize more eﬃcient pallet conﬁgurations, and to reduce the
number of pallets and trucks on the road.

Multiple square jar projects have been implemented to promote this strategy, including the Kirkland
Signature  milk bottle program, candy and nut packaging, and multiple branded partners that have
reconﬁgured their packaging for improved eﬃciency.

™

Redesigned our tub for Kirkland Signature  Platinum Performance UltraShine Dishwasher Detergent
Pacs, resulting in more units per pallet, reducing 51 truckloads annually.
Moved Kirkland Signature Cashews from a jar to a pouch, resulting in fewer pallets per truck needed
to deliver goods as well as a reduction of over 200 truckloads annually.

™

Converted some Kirkland Signature wine items into bag-in-a-box solutions, greatly reducing the weight of
product on the truck and saving on greenhouse gas emissions.
Begun testing reusable shipping crates for meat deliveries to their locations in our Spain fresh meat
departments.

Closed-loop Success Stories

We work with many suppliers to review and test opportunities to try new materials, design options, and
diversion opportunities.

In Canada, our supplier Ice River collects water bottles, processes them into recycled content for Kirkland
Signature Water bottles sold in Canada and uses the remaining material for outdoor furniture.
In Canada, Costco recycles corrugated shippers and trays with Cascades, which converts them into new
packaging products. Some of these products ﬁnd their way back into Costco warehouses, either directly
as Costco branded products or as national branded products. Once their useful life is over, these
corrugated shippers and trays go back into the loop and are recycled again by Cascades. More
information can be found in this Closed Loop Summary.

Dozens of tests across our regions and product categories are currently being conducted to determine new and
innovative solutions to existing packaging issues, to improve recyclability, to replace problematic materials, and

to reduce material usage. As these items come online for full utilization, we will continue to report them here.

ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS & FAQs

Material health in packaging is reviewed by our Quality Assurance department. For detailed information on our
testing and screening process, please visit our Chemical Management page.

FAQs: Frequently asked questions

We receive many letters and inquiries from our members, who have great questions about packaging. For more
information, please review our Packaging FAQ Sheet.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

ANIMAL WELFARE

Animal welfare is part of Costco’s culture and responsibility, and we are
committed to a global approach to Animal Welfare. We are working toward a
uniform program in the countries/regions where we operate, while respecting that
each country may have its own regulatory and social requirements in place.

MISSION STATEMENT

Costco Wholesale is committed to the welfare, and proper handling, of all animals that are used in the
production of products sold at Costco.

This is a long-standing commitment. Costco pledges its diligence in working with industry and academia in the
pursuit of new and improved technologies and methods to further enhance animal well-being.

This is not only the right thing to do, but it also is an important moral and ethical obligation we owe to our
members, suppliers, and most of all to the animals we depend on for products sold at Costco.

Costco supports the Five Freedoms of animal well-being as guiding principles for its Animal Welfare policies.

Originally articulated by a committee of the British government in the 1960s (the Brambell Committee), it has

been more recently espoused by Dr. Temple Grandin, a recognized expert on animal welfare. The ﬁve freedoms

are:

Freedom from fear;
Freedom from discomfort (right environment, shelter and a place to rest);
Freedom from thirst and hunger;
Freedom to exhibit natural behavior; and
Freedom from pain and suﬀering.

COLLABORATION WITH EXPERTS & SUPPLIERS

In 2021, we began a comprehensive review of our global programs, various global standards and benchmarks. We
also have engaged with the Center for Food Integrity and retained Dr. Temple Grandin to assist us in this review.
Our goal is to create a Global Animal Welfare Action Plan and updates will be published on this page. We also

continue to stay abreast of new technologies and methods through engagement with our suppliers, academia and

industry experts.

ANIMAL WELFARE TASK FORCE

Costco’s Animal Welfare Task Force is made up of members from fresh meat buying, corporate and regional buying,

animal welfare auditing, global sustainability & compliance, and global food safety. This Task Force will be key to

creating and implementing our Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.

ANTIBIOTICS

Overview

Costco's goal is to control the use of antibiotics that are medically important to humans, in its meat and poultry

supply chains. This is consistent with our goal of protecting the health and welfare of our members – and of the

poultry, hogs, and cattle in our supply chains. Our policy is to limit application of these antibiotics to therapeutic

use only for the prevention, control and treatment of disease only under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian in
a valid veterinary client/patient relationship.

In 2021, we continued our engagement with our suppliers and learned it remains diﬃcult in many supply chains to

obtain veriﬁable certiﬁcates or aﬃdavits in order to have quantitative metrics regarding the phase-out of routine use

of shared use antibiotics. Supply chains are, for the most part, only minimally vertically integrated (particularly for
beef and pork), with our suppliers being one too many steps removed from those who are raising animals. Many of

these growers lack developed systems for aggregating metrics concerning antibiotic usage. This makes it very

diﬃcult for our suppliers to gather and aggregate such information to report to us and to track changes in metrics

over time. However, we are not delaying engagement with our suppliers and have formally partnered with

Progressive Beef to learn more about antibiotic use in the beef supply chain.

Poultry Antibiotic Update

Regarding our poultry supply chains, we continue to work with our suppliers and have made progress, positioning

us to make the following target commitments:

™

By the end of 2022, 95% of Kirkland Signature  chicken products (deﬁned as frozen, sold in the meat case,
rotisserie and raised with No Antibiotics Ever) sold in the U.S. will be raised without routine use of
antibiotics important to human medicine.
By the end of 2022, we will (1) outline a timeline for achieving 100% of chicken (deﬁned as frozen, sold in
the meat case and rotisserie) sold in the U.S to be raised without routine use of antibiotics important to
human medicine; and (2) begin to report annually the percentage by product category (fresh chicken sold in
the meat case, rotisserie, frozen and canned) raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human
medicine, until such time as our target of 100% is reached.

Other Updates

For the supply chains other than poultry, our future antibiotic plans and next steps will be part of our Global Animal

Welfare Action Plan. They will be guided by our interpretation of U.S. Food and Drug Administration Guidance 209
and 213 Veterinary Feed Directive, which discontinues the use of medically important antibiotics for growth

promotion and requires veterinary oversight of all medically important antibiotics.

SCOPE AND RISK-BASED PHASED APPROACH

Because of the number of suppliers Costco has and their geographic dispersion, it is simply not practical to audit

on an ongoing basis to conﬁrm that all suppliers are in compliance with all aspects of our Animal Welfare policies.

Accordingly, we take a risk-based approach with respect to targeting audits and otherwise seeking to conﬁrm

compliance. The approach is based upon several factors, including prior audit performance. This has resulted in

placing emphasis on auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature™ items, particularly in the United States. Even as to
those items, however, the large number of producers in the supply chain limits the scope and frequency of audits
that may feasibly be conducted and evaluated.

ANIMAL WELFARE AUDIT PROGRAM

Costco’s animal welfare audit program is under review and will be updated in its Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.
Currently, Costco utilizes recognized audit standards and programs conducted by trained auditors, and looks at
animal welfare both on the farm and at slaughter. The purpose of an audit is to gather current, accurate information
concerning the overall welfare of animals.

This information is made available to members of the Costco food safety and technology group, and buying staﬀ.

Audits apply to:

On‐farm audits. These inspect the welfare of live animals on the farm in their living environment. Currently
these are conducted for the following species: chicken (egg‐laying hens), dairy cows, pork, poultry (chicken
and turkey), and veal.
Slaughter audits. These take place at the plant where animals are slaughtered and processed for these
species: beef, pork, poultry (chicken and turkey), and veal.

Audits can be conducted by Costco auditors, suppliers, and/or third parties. Audit type, frequency and intensity

can vary across suppliers and species. Costco requires U.S. animal welfare auditors to be certiﬁed.

Organic certiﬁcation in the U.S. in certain respects also includes animal welfare components. Costco sells large

quantities of organic items derived from animal products, and these items are required to be certiﬁed organic in

accordance with the law.

Below we outline our current animal welfare audit policies and procedures by species, which are under review as

we develop our Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.

BEEF

Costco requires animal welfare audits at slaughter in accordance with the American Meat Institute
Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines.

DAIRY

Costco requires animal welfare audits at the farm level. We have worked with third-party audit providers as
well as parties that can implement second-party dairy audits. Our goal is to have an outcome-based program
that recognizes sustainable practices in place and guides change at the dairy through training, sound
protocols and a valid Veterinary Client Patient Relationship.
The National Dairy FARM Program (Farmers Assuring Responsible Management) seeks to provide consistency
and uniformity to best practices in animal care and quality assurance in the dairy industry. Costco works with
larger cooperative suppliers that utilize the FARM Program to increase the frequency of third‐party veriﬁcation.
Costco does not support tail docking and has actively sought to use suppliers that do not allow this practice.
Current suppliers do not practice tail docking.
Costco requires its suppliers to implement standards regarding age and pain management as it relates to
dehorning practices.
Costco strongly supports advances in dairy farming practices to include the use of genetic breeding programs
to promote polled cattle (naturally hornless). Costco believes this will beneﬁt the welfare of the cows and of
the farmers who care for them by eliminating the need for dehorning.
Costco recognizes that through the years its suppliers have embraced new ways to improve the welfare of the
animals in their care. Costco expects suppliers to continue to seek improvements that promote good animal
health and well‐being.

VEAL

Costco has a speciﬁc veal policy to promote calf welfare.
Costco veal is traceable to the farm level and farms are inspected for compliance to the requirements.

LAYING HENS

Costco has introduced the Costco Hen House Audit in the U.S. This audit tool promotes a sense of responsibility

and accountability to the supplier, and provides a means for annual barn evaluations.

Suppliers are required to audit each house twice a year using the Costco Hen House app platform. The results
are automatically transmitted to Costco upon completion.
The app-based system gives visual examples of how to score each question as needed.

The app requires the supplier to submit photo documentation for each question along with the answer as
applicable.

CAGE-FREE EGGS

Costco is committed to procuring cage‐free eggs and in ﬁscal year 2021 continued to increase the percentage of

cage-free shell eggs it sells worldwide as indicated below:

Regions

FY 2019

FY 2020

4
FY 2021

1
Australia 

59.6%

48.2%

43.8%

23.7%

22.8%

22.9%

Canada

2
China 

France

Iceland

2
Japan 

N/A

100%

100%

0.6%

0%

100%

100%

0.8%

Mexico

91.0%

97.3%

2
South Korea 

Spain

Taiwan 

2,3

3.4%

100%

0%

9.6%

100%

0%

United Kingdom

100%

100%

0%

100%

100%

2.9%

100%

18.7%

100%

8.1%

100%

United States

90.7%

93.2%

94.2%

Global

70.8%

72.3%

73.9%

(1)

 Supply chain capacity in Australia continues to be a factor, due to the wildﬁres suﬀered in 2020 as well as higher demand in

response to the Coronavirus outbreak.

(2)

 Our progress in Taiwan, China, Japan and South Korea is dependent upon local available infrastructure and appropriate
food safety practices. In September 2020 Taiwan began selling cage-free eggs in select locations and will continue to expand
based on availability.

(3)

 In Taiwan, all eggs sold come from larger enriched cages, improving bird welfare by providing them with more usable

space, scratch pads/mats, perches and nest boxes, allowing the hens to perform more natural behavior.

(4)

 Beginning in FY21, our reporting excludes Business Centers and Ecommerce.

In addition, Kirkland Signature  Liquid Eggs are 100% cage-free. The transition to cage-free eggs will continue to

™

increase with added availability and capacity of cage-free production.

POULTRY

Costco requires animal welfare audits at slaughter in accordance with the National Chicken Council (NCC)
Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines.
Costco also audits hatchery and grow‐out facilities.
Costco implements animal welfare audits for laying hens.

Audits can include American Humane, Certiﬁed Humane and UEP audits.
Audits now extend in varying degrees to conventional cage, cage‐free and organic housing systems.

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken produced in our vertically integrated facility located in Fremont, Nebraska,
which is described in more detail on ou Kirkland Signature™ page. Animal welfare is a critical component that has
been integrated into the supply chain, from the hatchery to the grower barns to the processing facility.

Costco Wholesale is committed to the welfare of animals in its supply chains. This includes broilers, which are

chickens raised for meat (as opposed to eggs). Although these chickens have a life cycle of less than 45 days, their
welfare is as important as that of animals that have longer life cycles. Most of our poultry needs are met by our

complex in Nebraska (Lincoln Premium Poultry or LPP) and two other facilities in the Southeast, which are owned

by third parties. One of these producers is certiﬁed organic, which brings with it animal-welfare requirements

prescribed by the United States Department of Agriculture. These three facilities are our primary suppliers (which
we call dedicated suppliers).

With respect to our dedicated suppliers: all broilers are raised uncaged, in barns where they are free to move about

without restriction. The minimum standards followed in these barns are based on those developed by the National
Chicken Council (NCC). These can be found by clicking here. The National Chicken Council represents companies
that account for approximately 95 percent of broiler chicken production in the United States. For our dedicated

suppliers, compliance with the NCC standards is regularly audited by third-party auditors, who are independent of

Costco and the producers and are certiﬁed by the Professional Animal Auditor Certiﬁcation Organization (PAACO).

For more about PAACO, click here.

An important element of broiler welfare is how the animals are prepared for production. LPP and our dedicated

organic supplier use a technique called Controlled Atmosphere Stunning (CAS). That technique is recognized as a
superior method for slaughter, using methods that are calming for the animals and conducive to the welfare of

employees who monitor the process. We are exploring the potential for transition to CAS at other facilities.

Our broiler welfare eﬀorts are currently most highly focused on LPP, which raises around 100 million birds per year.

In addition to CAS, LPP has adopted or is focusing on other key elements of welfare:

Density. In evaluating density, it is important to keep in mind that the broilers at LPP are raised to a weight smaller
than industry average. When applying density standards that are expressed in weight per area, it is also important
to remember that birds are under the maximum weight for the vast majority of their lives. LPP is currently operating

at a reduced density standard of .93 square feet per bird.

Catching and Transport. LPP uses what is regarded as state of the art equipment for gathering of birds when they
are ready to leave the barns. This highly automated system reduces opportunities for human mistakes that can
occur with manual processes. In addition, the transportation of broilers occurs with covering and ventilation options

that are adaptable to the wide range of weather conditions found in Nebraska and Iowa.

Breeding. Some parties have advocated that Costco and others change to breeds that grow more slowly. We have
carefully analyzed the science that has been invoked for that position. We do not believe that the conclusions,

which thus far are not the product of the rigorous peer review process associated with scientiﬁc papers, warrant a

change in our practices at this time. Because of the density we prescribe for our broilers and the fact that our

broilers are grown to a smaller size than is common in the industry, we believe that the incidence of adverse welfare

impacts associated with larger fast-growing broilers under more crowded conditions is lower at LPP. At a time when
Costco Wholesale is intensely focused on reducing its carbon footprint, we also have concerns that slower-growing

breeds increase environmental impacts (greater feed demands, more energy usage, higher waste output), which

should not be incurred absent meaningful gains in broiler welfare. As we increase engagement with our suppliers
over reducing emissions in the production of goods for us, it is important that we set a good example in our own

operations. We are engaged in communications with our breeding stock suppliers and study concerning selection

that could over time enhance the leg strength of broilers, in an eﬀort to reduce mobility problems and other issues.

The nature of selective breeding means that this process occurs slowly.

Barn Enrichment. Some in the industry have experimented with features believed to enrich the experience of
broilers in their barns. LPP has been monitoring studies that examine whether these enrichments actually improve

outcomes or beneﬁt farmworkers who work with the broilers. In addition, LPP is experimenting with enrichments in

a small number of barns, to evaluate whether wider deployment is warranted.

While we believe we have achieved signiﬁcant progress in our broiler welfare programs, we recognize that there is

always room for improvement. LPP has engaged a full-time animal welfare oﬃcer and a full-time auditor for growers

(in addition to the veterinarian on staﬀ) and enhanced the training requirements for auditors that work in barns that

supply it. LPP’s objective is to audit each grower three times annually. Each shift at the processing plan also has an
animal welfare auditor on duty. Early in 2021 we engaged the services of Dr. Temple Grandin, an independent and
prominent animal welfare expert, to examine the practices at LPP and make recommendations for enhancements.
Dr. Grandin (click here for more information) has provided her recommendations, which are now in various stages of
implementation. Among other things, they entail enhanced education for farmers raising broilers, improvement of
hatchery procedures, improved security for barns, and reduced stocking density. She will return for further
evaluation. A variety of external events have slowed some of our intended progress, but we remain committed to

improvements.

DOWN & FEATHERS

Costco has committed to responsible down sourcing. Costco now requires a certiﬁcation to be present with all

Costco production of down and feather products. Costco accepts certiﬁcations from International Down and

Feather Lab (IDFL), Downpass or Responsible Down Standard (RDS).

Compliance to these standards ensures ethical sourcing of down and feathers through the veriﬁcation of supplier

traceability systems, general animal welfare, risk assessment, and other important best practices.

For more information, see the Costco Connection article, Down’s upside.

PORK

Costco uses the Pork Quality Assurance Plus program. This is a producer‐driven program that farmers can
use to ensure that pork products are of the highest quality and are safe, and animals are cared for in a way
that ensures their well‐being.
Costco has a Gestation Crate Policy that encourages suppliers to limit the use of gestation crates for
pregnant sows in favor of group housing. There may be certain times during a sow's gestation period during
which it would be best for her to be separated from the rest of the group because we have found that
separation is acceptable, as long as it meets the intended needs and provides the appropriate protection and
safety for the sow.
We believe that U.S. and Canadian suppliers of our fresh pork and Kirkland Signature cooler items will by the
end of 2022 be utilizing group housing or conﬁnement that permit sows to turn around. These items represent
over 90% of our pork volume in these countries, which represent over 80% of our membership warehouses.
We are now targeting suppliers outside the United States for compliance with the policy, to the extent they are
not held by local law to the same standard or a higher standard. And we are working with suppliers to achieve
compliance for branded (non-Kirkland signature) cooler items and to further reduce the number of days that
breeding sows spend in conﬁnement.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: June 2022

SUSTAINABLE FISHERIES & AQUACULTURE

The primary objectives of our seafood sourcing policy are:

Continue to improve sustainably sourced seafood from either wild ﬁsheries or
farmed aquaculture in ways that meet current demands without compromising
the availability of scarce resources for future generations.
Continue to value the human rights, safety, and dignity of the people who
produce, process, and harvest the products we sell.
Consider these factors when sourcing seafood: the condition of ﬁsh stocks
(biomass); the protection of and respect for the marine, coastal, and freshwater
ecosystems; governmental and regulatory agency guidelines; and practices
that will mitigate or limit environmental impacts associated with aquaculture
and ﬁshing practices. Traceability programs are key to identifying these
factors.

As science and industry evolve, we will continue to reﬁne these global policies.

SOURCING & TRACEABILITY

We have implemented an annual seafood survey for many of our global seafood suppliers, capturing key

information such as species, catch/farm location, catch/farm method and eco-certiﬁcation. We previously

collected information from suppliers that provided products for our U.S. locations. We’re currently collecting
information from suppliers that provide seafood products to all of our global Costco locations. From this survey,
we are able to better assess our impact and progress towards our goals.

The seafood industry is under increasing pressure to make its complex supply chains more transparent. At Costco,
we are committed to being able to trace our Kirkland Signature™ farmed shrimp products to source farms in order

to provide the traceability needed to ensure our products are produced in a more environmentally and socially
responsible way. Through piloting end-to-end traceability systems like TruTrace, we can more readily understand
the connection between the seafood we display on our shelves and the people and places that helped produce it.

WILD SPECIES

We do not sell certain wild species that have been identiﬁed at great risk, unless our sources are certiﬁed by the

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC). Currently, those species are:

Atlantic cod
Atlantic halibut
Chilean sea bass
Greenland halibut
Grouper (Epinephelus morio)
Orange roughy
Redﬁsh (sourced outside of U.S. Fisheries)
Shark
Skates and rays
Swordﬁsh (sourced outside of U.S. Fisheries)
Blueﬁn tuna

If we decide in the future to rely on other certifying organizations and/or other credible sources that report on the

status of these or other species in our procurement, we will disclose their identity and disclose that certiﬁcation

and/or veriﬁcation on the packaging.

We continue to examine whether there are other species that we should cease to sell because of documented
concerns of risk for the species or habitat.

Wild Salmon

Beginning with the 2019 ﬁshing season and until further notice, we’ve committed to not sell Wild King Salmon

(also known as Chinook Salmon) sourced from the Salish Sea (formerly known as Puget Sound), due to
documented concerns related to its decline.

In Alaska, the sustainable management of salmon is protected by the Alaska State Constitution and serves as a
model for continuous improvement of sustainable seafood production. Costco supplier Trident Seafoods maintains
full ownership and control of the Alaskan salmon it provides to Costco. Learn more about this product at our

Seafood & Aquaculture products page.

FISHERY IMPROVEMENT PROJECTS

Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs) are alliances of stakeholders – retailers, processors, suppliers, producers

and/or catchers, government, NGOs, and academia – that work to resolve aspects of the ﬁshery that do not

currently meet the MSC standard. The FIP process works with stakeholders to:

Evaluate the ﬁshery’s performance to determine challenges and improvements needed in the ﬁshery
Agree on a set of actions that should be undertaken to improve the ﬁshery so it can meet the MSC standard
Work collaboratively to implement the actions and publicly track progress

For ﬁsheries that do not currently meet the MSC standard, we encourage our suppliers to participate in

comprehensive FIPs as a step toward MSC certiﬁcation. Costco supports FIPs through participation in FIP

meetings, letters to governments and/or ﬁsheries participants, and ﬁnancial contributions. Fisheries and industry

members that are actively engaged in making continued progress in a FIP and demonstrate good management
through the supply chain receive strong consideration in our purchasing decisions. Costco requires FIPs to be

veriﬁed and monitored as credible by publicly reporting on FisheryProgress.org.

Costco Supported FIPs

From 2016 to 2021, Costco contributed $443,000 to support Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs). Costco works
directly with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to support the following FIPs:

Spiny Lobster - Honduras

Spiny Lobster - Nicaragua

Spiny Lobster - Brazil

Spiny Lobster - Belize

Mahi Mahi - Ecuador

Mahi Mahi - Peru

Mahi Mahi - Taiwan

Mahi Mahi and Yellowﬁn Tuna - Costa Rica

Tuna and Swordﬁsh - Sri Lanka

Corvina - Suriname

Octopus - Morocco (FIP in development)

Octopus - Philippines (FIP in development)

Octopus - Mauritania (FIP in development)

Costco or Costco suppliers also purchase products from these FIP ﬁsheries. Over time our sourcing from

individual FIPs will vary, depending on market conditions and other factors.

Fishery Success Stories

Bahama Spiny Lobster
In 2018, through the hard work of our lobster suppliers, the Bahama spiny lobster ﬁshery was certiﬁed by the

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) to meet its standards.

More information can be found in this FIP success story video and WWF article, Certiﬁcation Yields Greater

Resilience.

Honduras and Nicaragua spiny lobster trap FIPs
The Honduras and Nicaragua spiny lobster trap ﬁsheries have been working on improvements in each country

since 2013 to move the ﬁsheries towards meeting the MSC standard. In 2020, the ﬁshery management agencies in

both countries combined forces to gather catch data from processing plants, ﬁshers, and government databases,

and in 2021 they completed the ﬁrst-ever binational spiny lobster stock assessment to determine the health of the

shared lobster stock. Results showed that the stock is still being maintained at a healthy level, but scientists
cautioned that additional measures should be implemented in both countries to ensure the lobster population

remains healthy.

CANNED TUNA

™

Kirkland Signature  Albacore canned tuna suppliers are participants in the International Seafood Sustainability
Foundation (ISSF), which is undertaking science-based initiatives for the long-term conservation and sustainable
use of tuna stocks, reducing bycatch and promoting ecosystem health. Each participating company is audited by
a third party for compliance with ISSF conservation measures.

Costco is a founding member of the Seafood Taskforce and works in collaboration with other member companies
and industry stakeholders to improve working conditions and the recruitment process for migrant workers on

ﬁshing vessels.

Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment.

AQUACULTURE

From 2016 to 2021, Costco has contributed $310,000 to WWF to support and implement Aquaculture
Improvement Projects.

We believe that farmed seafood should be an integral part of our business, that aquaculture is a critical source of

aﬀordable protein now and in the future, and that farming can be done in a sustainable, responsible manner with

reduced impacts on the environment and local communities.

Farmed Shrimp

Costco has been an active participant in the implementation of the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) shrimp
standards from the early stages. These global, performance-based standards help to minimize key negative
environmental and social impacts of shrimp farming. Our goal ultimately is to source farmed shrimp from farms

and suppliers that have been certiﬁed to ASC standards. This goal has been partially achieved and we are actively

engaging to transition more shrimp farms to reach the ASC standard by working with our suppliers and the World

Wildlife Fund to develop and implement Aquaculture Improvement Projects (AIPs).

Costco is also a founding member of the Seafood Task Force (STF), which aims to drive greater business
conﬁdence for global seafood buyers purchasing from Asia by tackling illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU)

ﬁshing; establishing supply chain oversight from vessel to plate; mitigating risk; assuring traceability; and

improving social and environmental performance – step by step.

More information on the Seafood Taskforce (STF) and recent developments in Thailand can be found in the
following links: 

Seafood Taskforce Action Plan

Public Support for Thai Government Fishery Reforms

Fisheries Reforms that has resulted in a Green Card from the EU

Securing Labor Rights through Social Compliance

More information about Costco’s shrimp sourcing, can be found in our July 2020 Costco Connection article, No
small feat.

Farmed Salmon

Costco does not intend to sell genetically modiﬁed salmon.

We are working with our suppliers to implement the ASC salmon standard representing years of collaboration
among the industry, its customers and nongovernmental organizations. Our goal is to source farmed salmon from

farms and suppliers that have been certiﬁed to the ASC standard. This goal has been partially achieved, and we

are actively engaging to transition more salmon farms to reach the ASC standard by working with our suppliers

and the World Wildlife Fund to generate momentum, collaboration, and accountability to the path to ASC.

Improvements in Chile have focused on key issues such as empowering local communities in salmon farming
areas to better engage with companies on issues that impact them.

Many of Costco’s farmed salmon suppliers joined together in a pre-competitive collaboration called the Global
Salmon Initiative (GSI) and launched a commitment to reaching 100% certiﬁcation by the most robust, credible

aquaculture global standard, ASC. In alignment with ASC indicators, GSI eﬀorts have focused on the reduction of

antibiotics and parasiticides, and the avoidance of wildlife interactions and escape events. This encompasses

progress toward more responsible feed ingredients, including a reduction of ﬁshmeal and oil use – plus

commitments to deforestation-free terrestrial and feed ingredients.

Learn more about GSI’s progress towards ASC certiﬁcation in their Sustainability Report.

Farmed Pangasius

We also are working with our suppliers concerning implementation of the ASC Pangasius Standard. Our goal is to

source pangasius from farms and suppliers that have been certiﬁed under the ASC standards.

Farmed Tilapia

A ﬁve-year eﬀort led to the development of the ASC tilapia standard completed in 2009. Costco’s intent is to only

sell tilapia from farms and suppliers that are ASC certiﬁed. Costco encourages suppliers to work toward ASC

certiﬁcation.

Additional information about Costco’s Farmed Tilapia practices can be found in our August 2016 Costco
Connection article, Tilapia royalty and on our Seafood & Aquaculture products page.

ASC Feed Standard

We understand that aquaculture feed has an impact on wild ﬁsheries and feed ingredients sourced on land and

support the newly released ASC Feed Standard. In 2021, ASC released its long-awaited feed standard that deﬁnes

requirements for responsible factory practices and marine and terrestrial ingredients in ASC certiﬁed aquaculture

feed, including soy and ﬁshmeal/oil. The standard is currently undergoing a transition period for feed mills, farms

and ingredients to move towards the standard, which becomes eﬀective in 2022.

The ASC Feed Standard uses an improvement model for marine ingredients, which requires feed mills to source

from more sustainable ﬁsheries overtime. For plant-based ingredients, as with marine-based, mills will have to

record and report all ingredients that make up over 1% of a feed, and will need to take steps to ensure they have
been sourced from supply chains with low risk for illegal deforestation. Additionally, they will have to assess the

risk of high-risk and high-volume ingredients that contribute to deforestation or land conversion, and must commit
and report publicly to transitioning to a supply chain free from these key negative impacts. This mechanism is
based on internationally recognized steps by the Accountability Framework initiative (AFi) to work toward ethical
supply chains.

More information about ASC’s aquaculture feed standards can be found on their website.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

CHEMICAL MANAGEMENT

Costco's Chemical Management Policy strives to protect the health and safety of
our members and the environment. Through various processes we aim to deliver
products that are safer, healthier and more sustainable.

OUR APPROACH

Through our Chemical Management Policy, we aim to go beyond the boundaries of regulatory compliance, in an

eﬀort to reduce or remove potential chemical harm to humans and to the environment. In addition to contractually

requiring our suppliers to comply with laws regarding chemicals in products and packaging, we provide guidance

for preferred chemical choices by product category. We expect suppliers to understand the chemicals that are

used in their products in order to: 

Identify chemicals of concern (COCs) utilizing comprehensive testing programs.
Remove or apply the process of informed substitution for any identiﬁed COCs.
Identify ways to change their manufacturing processes to reduce hazardous chemical use.
Consider obtaining qualiﬁed third-party green certiﬁcations.

CHEMICAL TESTING & THE COSTCO SMART SCREENING PROGRAM

Costco tests many product categories worldwide for the chemicals regulated in the countries where we do

business:

Product categories tested include toys and other products intended for children, food use, furniture,
electrical, apparel and home textiles.
Examples of regulated chemicals include soluble heavy metals, heavy metals found in surface coating,
Substance of Very High Concern (SVHCs), formaldehyde, ﬂame retardants, dyes, phthalates, BPA and PFAS.
Costco regularly updates its Global Costco Restricted Substance Lists (RSLs; see lists below) to keep up
with global regulatory chemical restrictions in consumer products.

Beyond testing of many items for compliance with regulatory requirements, we work with major third-party

laboratories to identify and test for COCs in many items that are not legally prohibited. We call this the Costco

Smart Screening Program. These requirements include regulatory, industry and Costco analytical standards.

While we cannot test all products to our Smart Screening program, we have implemented a risk-based approach

in our product category selection process. A priority in the Smart Screening program is our private label, Kirkland

Signature™, which includes items such as apparel, cleaning products and packaging. Our attention does not stop

with only Kirkland Signature items, however. Items within other branded categories that may be subjected to the

program using our risk-based approach include apparel, bedding, home textiles, furniture, holiday decor, sporting

goods items and products intended for pets, and related packaging. Additional details about some of these

categories and products are below.

Costco third-party labs verify product speciﬁcations for many products provided by suppliers, and physically test

these products. This program utilizes independent third parties to pull samples of consumer goods during Costco

production to conduct analytical tests for both regulated chemicals and COCs. Costco recognizes and accepts a

number of third-party certiﬁcations into its Smart Screening program. The third-party certiﬁers aim to provide safe,

traceable and sustainable products.

Textiles

The largest category of products in the Costco Smart Screening Program is textiles. This area is based on the
Apparel and Footwear International RSL Management (AFIRM) Working Group. The AFIRM Restricted Substance
List (RSL) has been adopted by the third-party testing labs that perform testing on Costco’s textile and footwear
products. Examples of products tested include apparel and footwear, sporting goods, luggage, handbags and
home textiles such as blankets, sheets, rugs and towels. More information, including publication of AFIRM’S RSL
and Packaging RSL, which is used for testing Costco products, can be found at the AFIRM Group website.

Costco encourages its textile suppliers to implement in their supply chains the Zero Discharge of Hazardous
Chemicals (ZDHC) Manufacturing Restricted Substance List (MRSL). This manufacturer’s RSL assists factories in
protecting workers, creating safe products for our members and eliminating harmful chemicals to the planet.

Some examples of other third-party certiﬁcation programs include:

®

®

®

The Blue Way by BLUESIGN  represents the vision and mindset of responsible and sustainable
manufacturing of textile consumer products. More information can be found on the BLUESIGN website.
The STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX  program is designed to protect consumer and environmental health by
removing chemicals of concern (COCs) from products and their components. The STANDARD 100 by OEKO-
TEX  is an independent veriﬁcation that products have been tested for harmful substances. More information
can be found on the OEKO-TEX  Standard website.
The LEATHER STANDARD by OEKO-TEX  is an internationally standardized testing and certiﬁcation system
for leather and leather goods at all production levels, including accessory materials. More information can be
found on the OEKO-TEX  Leather website.

®

®

®

% Increase/Decrease in OEKO-TEX  Certiﬁcations 
for Costco products

®

28%

12%

12%

FY20

FY21

FY22*

* 2022 ﬁgure does not include the last two periods of Costco’s ﬁscal year.

Packaging of Products and Packaging Used in our Warehouses

The labels and packaging of Costco items are tested for COCs as follows:

Packaging of products that are part of the Costco Smart Screening Program use the AFIRM Group
packaging material RSL. Examples of packaging components include paper, wood, cartons, stickers, plastic
wrap, ﬁnishing dyes, inks, coatings, metal, tape, textiles and desiccants. More information can be found on
the AFIRM website.
Many product categories that are tested but do not use Costco Smart Screening have their packaging tested
by a third-party lab to meet U.S. Toxics in Packaging Clearinghouse and EU heavy metal testing
requirements.
Suppliers producing packaging for Kirkland Signature items must comply with the Costco RSL based on the
AFIRM Packaging RSL. The supplier will have items selected to be audited with Costco Smart Screening
testing. See the Costco Packaging Reference Chemical List in the “Costco Restricted Substance Lists”
section below.

Food contact packaging materials used in the Costco meat department, bakery, deli and food court are
tested in the Costco Smart Screening Program. Examples of packaging include meat trays, bakery
containers, deli tins and pizza boxes.

For more about Costco packaging, see the Packaging section in this Sustainability Commitment.

Cleaning & Beauty Aid Formulated Products

Suppliers are encouraged to provide Costco with ingredients either on the packaging, on their website or with a
third-party chemical management tool. Costco works with third-party platforms to gather bills of substances

(BOS). These platforms allow Costco and its suppliers to better understand the chemicals used in products.

Costco tests for COCs using Costco Smart Screening on Kirkland Signature cleaning, health and beauty

formulated products. Costco recognizes and accepts certain third-party certiﬁcations into its Smart Screening

program, which aim to provide safe, traceable and sustainable products. An example of a third-party certiﬁer for

formulated products would be Safer Choice. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) created the Safer

Choice label to identify products made with safer ingredients for the health of families, pets, workplaces and the

environment. Safer Choice-certiﬁed products have been carefully evaluated by EPA scientists.

MEASURING CHEMICALS IN PRODUCTS & PACKAGING

Costco measures suppliers’ compliance with our policies by testing products for COCs using multi-RSLs

depending on product or article material. Currently we are screening many of our products and their packaging,

following our risk-based approach in our product category selection process. See product types listed in the

“Chemical Testing & The Costco Smart Screening Program” section above. When a COC is identiﬁed in a product

or packaging, the information is provided to the suppliers. Suppliers then work on corrective action plans by item.

We also provide suppliers with report cards summarizing four years of testing for all products of the supplier that

have been screened. These allow suppliers to investigate their supply chains across their operations. Costco
shares industry resources with our suppliers via the Costco Smart Screening Guide to help them navigate their
chemical management.

The number of our Smart Screening reports has increased over the past four years. In 2019 Costco managed

6,066 Costco Smart Screening reports. As of July 3, 2022 (the end of period 11 in Costco’s ﬁscal year), there were

7,019 reports.

Measuring Chemicals of Concern

Fiscal 
Year

Fiscal 
Year

Fiscal 
Year

Fiscal 
Year

2019

2020

2021

2022*

Costco Smart Screening results with NO Chemicals 
of concern (Lab Report)

72.52% 78.71% 81.20% 79.06%

% Increase/Decrease This Year vs Last Year

6.00% 16.81% 1.87%

% Costco Smart Screening ﬁndings on packaging 
rather than on product

43.90% 25.71% 34.82% 30.06%

* 2022 ﬁgures do not include the last two periods of Costco’s ﬁscal year.

Over the years, the Costco Smart Screening Program has tested more products and more product categories. The
Costco RSLs have also grown to keep up with industry standards, evolving science from our third party labs, and
regulations. The testing capabilities at the labs continue to improve, which allow them to screen for more
chemicals each year.

% Increase of Chemicals Listed in Costco Smart Screening RSLs

Packaging

Textile / 
Apparel

Cleaning, Health 
and Beauty

Hardlines Items

% Increase 2019 vs 2022

25.00% 18.97%

10.42%

18.97%

In addition to the chemical increase to the packaging RSL, the scope of materials tested for packaging has

expanded. In earlier years some materials were not screened.

COSTCO RESTRICTED SUBSTANCES LISTS (RSLs)

The Costco Restricted Substances Lists include substances that may or may not be currently regulated for a

speciﬁc material or product type. These lists include chemicals from EU Reach Substance of Very High Concern

(SVHC), California Proposition 65 list, the U.S. Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), ﬂame retardants, PFAs and

more. Here are the lists by category:

Apparel and Textiles Reference Chemical List
Cleaning Products and HABA Reference Chemical List
Furniture and Hardgoods Reference Chemical List
Luggage and Bags Reference Chemical List
Packaging Reference Chemical List

CHEMICALS USED IN AGRICULTURE & HORTICULTURE

Costco is also concerned about the chemicals applied to live goods/plants, fruit and vegetables, and our Pollinator

Health Policy addresses this topic:

We encourage suppliers to limit the use of nonessential chemicals, to utilize eco-friendly methods of pest
and disease control, and to incorporate Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategies and other creative
solutions that use the least toxic alternatives.
Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos, unless otherwise
mandated by law and when necessary to avoid regrettable substitutions.
Costco seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and are
making reasonable progress in a timely manner. More information can be found in the Pollinator Health &
Chemical Reduction section of this Sustainability Commitment.

STRATEGY, TRAINING & EDUCATION

Partnering with our suppliers to develop their chemical management programs for their supply chain, we provide
suppliers with Costco RSLs, Costco Smart Screening results, Good Manufacturing facility audits results and
Costco Smart Screening guide to help them source suitable alternative components and materials.

We also work with chemical and consumer product industries to increase our understanding and to ﬁnd more

environmentally friendly alternatives for chemicals and practices of concern. Examples include:

We work with Dr. Sally Edwards and Dr. Ann Blake, our industry expert consultants, to review our chemicals
management program and our Costco Smart Screening Program (conducted with the Berkeley Center for
Green Chemistry and entitled “Beyond Compliance at Costco: A Comparative Analysis of Chemical
Assessment Frameworks and Recommendations for Best Practices,” 2017-18), suggest enhancements, and
to help us identify potential future trends.
We educate our buyers and suppliers globally on the process, expectations and their testing progress by
providing them with safe alternative resources, third-party certiﬁcation programs and third-party lab testing
services.
The Costco Smart Screening Program provides information for suppliers on safe replacement chemicals and
processes within The Costco Smart Screening User Guide.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: October 2022

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE

While a majority of our merchandise is branded, Costco’s line of exclusive private-
™
label products called Kirkland Signature  continues to grow and expand. Kirkland
Signature has grown into a global brand with over $59 billion in sales in ﬁscal year
2021. In developing Kirkland Signature products, we have better control over the
entire supply chain, including where the product comes from, environmental
impacts, labor conditions and under what conditions it is produced.

ABOUT KIRKLAND SIGNATURE

Goals

Our goals for Kirkland Signature items are that they:

provide our members with high-quality products at the lowest possible price;
are respectful of the people or animals who produce them; and/or
are respectful of the environment in the way they are produced, grown, harvested, processed, transported
and packaged.

Our buyers work with our suppliers to continually improve our sourcing practices to enhance the quality and
value of Kirkland Signature products, expand traceability, provide a fair return to people in the supply chain,

and facilitate access to global or regional markets.

Traceability

Traceability is important for several key reasons. It enables Costco to know the quality and safety of the
product; to examine issues related to environmental impacts; to list product origin information on the label; and

to help people in the supply chain receive a fair return, so that the product can succeed in the long term.

Materiality Assessment

Costco worked with Verisk Maplecroft to provide an independent, comprehensive and data-led view of

sustainability challenges across a broad range of agricultural raw materials, with a focus on our Kirkland

Signature  products. This review enables us to make evidence-led decisions to help prioritize sustainability

™

strategy and risk mitigation eﬀorts. Indices reviewed included:

Environmental – GHG intensity, water stress, deforestation, climate change vulnerability, biodiversity and
protected areas
Social – child labor, forced labor, gender inequality, decent wages, modern slavery and indigenous
people’s rights
Governance – corruption and government stability

Fair Return

A fair return in the supply chain is important; for Costco to be successful, its suppliers must thrive. This

commitment helps to ensure long-term supply and quality while also using market-based approaches to

address poverty and malnutrition. Costco believes a fair return is more than the price paid for the item. It

includes programs that (1) support producers (i.e., ranchers, farmers, growers/workers) and their communities

through training for higher yields, quality and adaptation to climate change and extreme weather events; (2) pay

premiums for high-quality products; and (3) improve access to health care, education, housing, clean water,

and nutritious food for farmers/workers and their communities.

Continuous Improvement

We're working toward these goals one item at a time. Though there is still a ways to go in certain areas to meet
these goals, we are also encouraged by stories of success in the Kirkland Signature items to date, some of

which are highlighted on the Product Category pages.

VERTICAL INTEGRATION & IN-COUNTRY PRODUCTION

In order to secure long term-supply, ensure quality products, create eﬃciencies, and eliminate unnecessary

costs, Costco has been exploring vertical integration and in-country processing of some key Kirkland Signature

items, summarized below.

Poultry Production

In 2019, Costco began to transition some of its Kirkland Signature Rotisserie Chicken and fresh chicken in the

™

meat case to chicken produced in a new, vertically integrated facility located in Fremont, Nebraska – the

chicken complex. It is owned by Costco and operated by Lincoln Premium Poultry (LPP), a Costco aﬃliate with

poultry experience

Costco and LPP aim to create a vertically integrated chicken complex that:

incorporates state-of-the-art equipment and design in its buildings
provides signiﬁcant economic beneﬁt to the local community and farmers
treats the chickens in accordance with the highest animal welfare standards
is environmentally responsible, and
provides our members with the highest quality product at the lowest possible price.

Processing Facility

The chicken complex is located on approximately 430 acres, and includes a feed mill, hatchery, processing

plant and testing laboratory. The facilities are designed to conserve water, prevent runoﬀ and treat the water

before returning to the watershed. More information about water usage can be found on the Water Minimization

page.

Facility Employees

The chicken complex employs approximately 1,100 people. Besides paying good wages and providing

competitive beneﬁts such as health care, 401(k) retirement opportunities, and paid vacation and sick leave, the

plant will be subject to audits conducted by an independent third party auditor to ensure it is in compliance
with the same Costco Supplier Code of Conduct that other Costco suppliers worldwide abide by. More
information about our Supplier Code of Conduct can be found on our Human Rights page.

Local Farmers/Growers

The chicken complex relies on the support of more than 125 local farmers to grow the chickens required for the
successful operation of the complex. Key features of this arrangement include:

Growers receive a 15-year GIPSA contract (USDA Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards
Administration), with a guaranteed base pay and the ability to earn a bonus. The state-of-the-art barns
and equipment are built according to Costco/LPP speciﬁcations and are grower-owned and/or operated.
LPP provides growers with the chicks, feed (see below), feed management plan, technical expertise and
veterinary services.
Grower contracts allow for peer review for grower improvement programs and to resolve disputes.
Growers will be subject to strict animal welfare procedures audited by independent third party auditors,
and biosecurity measures approved and monitored by the Nebraska Department of Agriculture. More
information on Animal Welfare can be found on the Animal Welfare page.

Local Grain

The feed mill sources corn and soybeans from local farmers, which adds another economic beneﬁt to the

region surrounding the chicken complex. These grains are used to provide nutritious feed for the growers at no

additional cost, as feed is included in the grower contracts.

For more information, here is a video from a local grower.

Canadian Commissary

In 2017, Costco began producing frozen baked goods to ship to our Canadian in-warehouse bakeries. In 2019,

shipments expanded to the U.S and then in 2020 to Mexico. The 93,700-square-foot state-of-the-art facility

features four production lines that produce only eight items for the greatest eﬃciency. Focusing on producing

our high-volume items for Costco Bakeries, while controlling costs and maintaining the highest quality of

ingredients, allows us to lower the cost to our members.

As a new production facility, the commissary has been able to achieve less than 3% waste from all lines. This

waste is then shipped oﬀ-site and converted into animal feed, which reduces the waste leaving the facility to a

minimum. Utilizing bulk ingredient delivery systems also keeps the packaging of plastic and cardboard to a
minimum.

In-Country Production

In order to reduce ocean freight and transportation emissions, lower costs while retaining product quality, and
increase the shelf life of food items, Costco is now exploring in-country production of some of its high volume

Kirkland Signature  items. Some examples include:

™

Kirkland Signature Bath Tissue is now produced in nine regions
Kirkland Signature Bottled Water is now produced in eight regions
Kirkland Signature Roasted Cashews and Mixed Nuts are now produced in two regions

SOURCE FOOD WASTE REDUCTION

We continually search for opportunities to reduce food waste when producing Kirkland Signature  items.
Examples include:

™

Moving our egg packaging to a clear clamshell has reduced food waste by 9 million eggs annually, which

diverts 1.2 million pounds of food from the waste stream every year. The clear packaging allows members full

visibility of the product, prevents leakage from excess handling and keeps the egg from breaking while in
transport from the egg producer. For more information, please visit the Packaging page.

Another example of source food waste reduction is Kirkland Signature Croissants, which are made in our

Canadian Bakery Commissary and produced on lines that have less than 3% waste. This waste is shipped oﬀ-

site and converted into animal feed.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

COCOA, COFFEE & COCONUTS

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE COCOA

™

The majority of Kirkland Signature  chocolate products are made from cocoa sourced through sustainable
programs, some of which are from Costco’s Sassandra Cocoa program, sourcing cocoa from Côte d’Ivoire
and Ecuador. The Sassandra Program (“Program”) is a partnership that began with Costco, Blommer and
Olam in October 2009, and is named after the Sassandra River in the southwest region of Côte d’Ivoire. This is
the original location of the cooperatives from where we source our cocoa beans. Since then, the Program has
expanded and remains exclusive to Costco.

The Program – Côte d’Ivoire

The Program in Côte d’Ivoire is designed to provide a quality product that is traceable, improves proﬁts and

livelihoods for the farmers/cooperative members, and introduces respectful environmental practices. Each of
our cooperatives are audited annually by an independent third party. To date, these audits have been
conducted by Intertek. Highlights from Côte d’Ivoire include:

Traceable and segregated cocoa;
Child Labor Monitoring and Remediation System coverage (CLMRS);
Farms GPS polygon mapped to reduce risk of deforestation with a goal of 100%;
Social infrastructure investment, which includes schools, health centers, maternity wards, and
community investments such as water pumps and storage facilities;
Community development with a focus on women’s empowerment through literacy and numeracy
programs, alternative income generating activities, village savings and loan programs, and community
gender equality sensitization programs;
Premiums paid for quality product;
Cooperative development and training; and
Improved production through ﬁnancing and farmer training

Costco is dedicated to preventing and remediating child labor wherever it is found. Unfortunately, child labor is
a long-term systemic issue in cocoa supply chains and requires a multi-faceted approach focusing on
continuous improvement and broadening awareness. We have had child labor monitoring and remediation

programs in place for several years. When cases of child labor are identiﬁed our partners begin to work on

implementing a remediation plan for that family. They also conduct follow-up visits to ensure the remediation

plan is eﬀective. Examples of our multifaceted remediations include:

Increasing access to quality education through building classrooms
Facilitating the issuance of birth certiﬁcates, which allow children to attend school
Providing school kits often needed for classwork
Building awareness in the community of the dangers to children including, but not limited to, carrying
heavy loads, using machetes, and exposure to pesticides
Supporting women through various programs to provide them with skills and resources that help them
support and champion their families’ welfare and education

More speciﬁc in-depth Sassandra Program information can be found in the Côte d’Ivoire Report and the
Costco Connection article, Cocoa channels. Additional information about cocoa and forest conservation can
be found on our Environmental Impacts page.

The Program – Ecuador

Costco also sources a small percentage of cocoa from Ecuador. We supported a program in 2018/19 with our
partners Blommer and Heifer International that was aimed at improving the living conditions of cocoa farmers
in the Ecuadorian Amazon. As a result, cocoa-producing households in this program improved their incomes
and strengthened their resilience against climate change. More information can be found in the Ecuador
Report.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE COFFEE

Costco has numerous Kirkland Signature  coﬀee items sourced from around the world. Some are Fair Trade

™

Certiﬁed , including Kirkland Signature K-Cups  and others are Utz Certiﬁed like Kirkland Signature Instant

™

®

Coﬀee. This certiﬁcation reﬂects Costco’s commitment to source sustainably grown coﬀee and to maintain

quality relationships with the farmers who supply it. Other coﬀee items are supported by sustainability

programs that focus on farmer training, education, housing and/or health care.

Each item has a story. More information can be found about these programs in our Costco Connection article,

Family perks, as well this Rwandan video and Guatemalan video.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Ground Colombian Coﬀee is nitrogen-ﬂushed, allowing for a lighter can, which

in turn allows Costco to put fewer trucks on the road and to lower its carbon footprint.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE COCONUT WATER

One of the sources of Kirkland Signature  Coconut Water is the Philippines, where over 30% of the country’s

™

households derive their income from coconut. However, this income is low due to lower productivity. A portion
of past Costco sales supports the Hope in a Coconut program, which improves farmer incomes through the
replanting of higher yield seedlings, intercrop training, education opportunities and direct market linkages. As
of June 2021, the program has shown an average 92% increase in total income for program farmers

compared to 2016 when the program was started. This is due to increased coconut yields as well as income
generation from the intercropping of fruit and vegetables, and raising livestock. More information can be found
in this Hope in a Coconut program summary.

Farmers in this program are trained and given resources on how to grow vegetables and other cash crops.

This proved to be helpful when COVID-19 caused local markets to close and people had diﬃculty accessing

fresh and nutritious food. For stories about some of the farmers in the program and how they have been able
to provide for themselves, their family and their community, please view our Hope Stories summary.

Access to and availability of classrooms is a challenge in the Philippines. To date, sales have helped to build

14 elementary school classrooms, with one using eco-bricks made from recycled water bottles. This has

directly beneﬁted 1,700 students under the age of 13. These elementary schools are located in coconut

farming communities in the Southern Philippines where access to public school is limited. Some of these
classrooms are in indigenous people and Islamic communities, where the mother tongue/child’s language is
used as the medium of instruction and the curriculum includes indigenized classes.

COCONUT HARVESTING

Costco does not support the use of monkeys for coconut harvesting. We are committed to ensure suppliers
abide by these same principles and only use human labor. Where there is a known risk due to cultural norms

that may have allowed this practice, we require our suppliers to contractually prohibit the use of any animal

labor from their coconut providers. We also require these suppliers to audit their farms and have a third-party
independently verify compliance.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

EGGS, DAIRY & PLANT-BASED BEVERAGE
ALTERNATIVES

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE ORGANIC EGGS

Costco works closely with a number of egg producers to source organic eggs across the U.S. We support several

producers in converting conventional operations to organic: More information can be found in this August 2011
Costco Connection article, The chicken, the egg and the future and this Wilcox Farms video.

In 2010, Costco and its organic egg farmers partnered with the Sustainable Food Lab to estimate the greenhouse

gas (GHG) emissions in the organic egg supply chain over a three-year period through the use of the Cool Farm

Tool. The estimate showed that the highest GHG emissions were produced through feed, followed by transport

and manure management. Once aware, these farmers started to take action to lower emissions, which were

reduced over the three-year period by 14% for the entire supply chain. More information can be found in this 2012
case study, Measuring and Mitigating the Carbon Footprint of Organic Eggs.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE CAGE-FREE EGGS

Costco is committed to providing cage‐free shelled egg options for our members and continues to increase the
percentage of cage-free eggs it sells worldwide. More information can be found at our Animal Welfare page. In
addition, Kirkland Signature  Liquid Eggs are 100% cage-free.

™

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE MILK

The Kirkland Signature Organic Milk program is oﬀered to our members throughout the U.S. We have partnered

with suppliers that provide high-quality milk at competitive prices. To learn more about one of these suppliers that

also has an excellent animal welfare program and works with Costco to ensure a long-term supply of organic milk
and feed can be found in this Organic Milk video. Other Kirkland Signature milk suppliers are featured in the
Costco Connection article, Dairy queens.

PLANT-BASED BEVERAGE ALTERNATIVES

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil. For that reason
and others, Costco continues to source the soy for Kirkland Signature Organic Soy Non-Dairy Beverage and
Kirkland Signature Organic Non-Dairy Vanilla Soy Beverage from the U.S. and Canada.

In addition, Costco oﬀers its members additional Kirkland Signature plant-based alternative beverages sourced

from oats, almonds, coconuts and rice.

®

Silk  recently unveiled its ﬁrst lineup of Bee Better Certiﬁed almondmilk products available exclusively at Costco.

The Bee Better Certiﬁcation applies to Silk’s line of organic items sold at Costco, including original, unsweetened,

and unsweetened vanilla products, and represents a veriﬁed achievement to make almond farms better for bees.

Almond farms certiﬁed to the Bee Better standard have planted habitat to provide food and shelter to bees and

promote integrated pest management practices that are safer for bees. Learn more about this product on the Silk

®

Brand Showcase and in Bee Better Certiﬁed: One Acre At A Time article.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

GAS & AUTOMOTIVE

GAS STATIONS

Costco Gas Station maintenance and equipment are designed to limit emissions arising from station operations,

and to contain vapor. In addition, our stations have corrosion-proof, double-wall underground storage tanks and

piping that are continuously monitored for leakage. Finally, our station attendants are trained and certiﬁed on

safety and environmental issues.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE GASOLINE

Kirkland Signature  gasoline helps deliver optimal engine performance and eﬃciency. Our fuel, tested to ensure
quality and guarantee performance, is formulated with powerful deposit control additives that deep-clean your

™

engine, restore fuel economy and reduce emissions by helping to lower tailpipe pollution caused by intake valve
deposits and plugged fuel injectors. More information can be found on the Kirkland Signature Gasoline page.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2020

GRAINS

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE CHIA SEEDS

Mayorga Organics is one of Costco’s sourcing partners for Kirkland Signature  Organic Chia Seeds sold in

™

Canada. Mayorga Organics focuses exclusively on organic crops and develops direct relationships with

smallholder farmers in the more remote regions of Latin America. The company focuses on crop diversiﬁcation and

crop rotation to ensure that small farmers maintain healthy soils and diversiﬁed sources of income. In addition,

Mayorga supports producers with access to ﬁnancing, payment advances, agronomists, and seeds, and by paying

fair prices.

For more information, please view this video from Mayorga’s partner chia farmers.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE ORGANIC HEMP HEARTS

Hemp hearts, the soft inner center of the hemp seed, come from the same plant that has been used to make

paper, rope, clothing, and other products. Kirkland Signature  Organic Hemp Hearts are sourced from Canada

™

and Lithuania.

Our Canadian-sourced Hemp hearts are supplied by Manitoba Harvest, a certiﬁed B-Corporation, whose mission
to transform consumer health starts simply and sustainably with hemp.

Manitoba Harvest’s Hemp is grown without herbicides or pesticides. They work with growers – to provide

agronomic coaching for ﬁeld selection and crop rotation, and seed fertility practices, and to meet requirements for

organic certiﬁcation.

As of spring 2018, Manitoba Harvest is certiﬁed under the Carbonzero program. All greenhouse gases produced
by Manitoba Harvest, including Canadian-based production, packing, and management facilities, and their

Minneapolis-based oﬃces, are oﬀset with wind power.

Learn more about Hemp Hearts in these Costco Connection articles: Hemp hearts buzz and Glutton for gluten-

free.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

OILS, HONEY & SPICES

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE EXTRA VIRGIN OLIVE OIL

Costco has a long history of supporting smallholder olive farms. Since 1996, Costco has directly supported thousands

of smallholder farms in Tuscany to make high-quality Kirkland Signature™ Toscano PGI (Protected Geographical

Indication) Extra Virgin Olive Oil.

PGI signiﬁes that:

Every grower is registered;
The number of trees and yields on each property are veriﬁed; and
Each bottle is numbered in Tuscany under the strict guidelines of PGI to ensure traceability, authenticity and
quality.

More information can be found in this Tuscan Olive Oil video.

Kirkland Signature 100% Italian Extra Virgin Olive Oil, sourced from outside Tuscany, is certiﬁed by an independent third-

party organization, with each bottle carrying an ISO-certiﬁed sticker. More information can be found in this Italian Olive

Oil video.

We continue to expand our certiﬁed single origin olive oil oﬀerings from Greece, Italy and Spain. More information can

be found in this Spanish Olive Oil video.

PALM OIL

Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is committed to ensuring that the palm oil,
palm kernel oil, palm kernel expeller and other palm-based derivatives and fractions (“palm oil”) contained in Kirkland
Signature  products is responsibly sourced.

™

Our goal is that all palm oil used in Kirkland Signature products is 100% RSPO certiﬁed (or equivalent), with a preference

for physical palm. For a product to be RSPO certiﬁed, it must come from producers that have met the RSPO Principles

and Criteria, which covers the most signiﬁcant environmental and social impacts of palm oil production and the

immediate inputs to production, such as seed, chemical, and water, and social impacts related to on-farm labour and

community relations. These range from environmental protections, such as bans on new plantings on peatlands and

burning forests to clearing new areas.

According to supplier-reported data, here’s a look at how we have worked with suppliers to meet this goal:

Reporting Year

(1)

RSPO Certiﬁed - 
(2)

Physical Palm Oil

RSPO Certiﬁed - 
Book & Claim Palm Oil Credits

RSPO Certiﬁed

(2)

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

41.5%

77.6%

89.3%

(3)

96.7%

98.6%

4.6%

4.3%

7.2%

0.8%

0.03%

46.1%

81.9%

96.4%

97.5%

98.6%

(1)

Per RSPO reporting requirements, the reporting/calendar year represents that year’s data, which is reported in May of

the following year. For example, in May 2022, we reported 2021 calendar year data.

(2)

"Physical Palm Oil" , which is our preference, comes from supply chains that are Identity Preserved, Segregated, or

Mass Balance, whereas "RSPO Certiﬁed" may include the Book and Claim System.

(3)

Restated to reﬂect data correction

More information can be found in our Palm Oil Policy, the Annual Communication of Progress (ACOP) 2021 ﬁled with

RSPO and on our Environmental Impacts & Land Stewardship page.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE SOY-BASED OILS

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil. For that reason and

others, Costco will continue to source Kirkland Signature Soybean Oil and Kirkland Signature Vegetable Oil made from

soybean oil from the U.S. and Canada.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE HONEY

Costco understands that the honeybee population is experiencing multiple health threats. Honeybees are necessary for

the pollination of approximately one-third of food consumed, including fruit, nuts and vegetables. Since 2012, Costco

has invested over $6.5 million in honeybee health by contributing a portion of its sales of Kirkland Signature™ Honey

items to the nonproﬁt honeybee research organization Project Apis m. (PAm). The projects that Costco supports
continue to expand. Below are some highlights together with progress updates:

Long-Term Stock Improvement, which includes breeding and developing varroa- resistant bees for a sustainable,
chemical-free varroa control option and maintaining a functioning and sustainable genetic repository for honeybee
germplasm to safeguard the genetic integrity and diversity of honeybees against future health threats. More
information can be found here, The Hilo Bee Project & Varroa Resistant Bee video.
Apiculture Technology Transfer Teams give U.S. beekeepers technical support in the ﬁeld, survey honeybee
health and educate beekeepers about Best Management Practices. These teams save beekeepers money, prevent
losses and help to keep a ﬁnger on the pulse of bee health nationwide.
Ph.D. Scholarship Grants provide to date more than $847,000 to support the future of honeybee research. The
next generation of bee scientists bring new ideas, skills and dedication to the ﬁeld of experts. The program
recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students who are pursuing research-based doctoral degrees in
ﬁelds within the Project Apis m. mission of enhancing honeybee health while improving crop production. More
information about these scholars in the U.S. and Canada can be found here: PAm-Costco Scholars.
Seeds for Bees Forage puts blooming plants back on the agricultural landscape, helping bees get the nutrition
they need to stay healthy, pollinate, and make honey – all while increasing soil health and water inﬁltration. For
more information, please view The 2021 Seeds for Bees Impact Report.
The Bee and Butterﬂy Habitat Fund establishes high quality pollinator habitat to ensure honeybee and monarch
butterﬂy population health. The Midwest is a critical area where eﬀorts are focused to support honey production,
pollination and native pollinators. For more information, please view The 2021 Bee and Butterﬂy Habitat Fund
Impact Report.
Casa Apis is a cooperative of over 700 small-scale beekeepers in Northeast Brazil that is the source of Kirkland
Signature Organic Raw Honey. Costco has a $100,000 grant to support eﬀorts to plant drought-tolerant native
trees in their community. As of August 2021, a total of 15,860 trees have been planted. More information about the
project with Casa Apis can be found here: Trees for Bees.

In 2019, Costco introduced an additional honey category: 100% Local Raw Unﬁltered Honey from various regions

around the U.S. More information can be found in the following Costco Connection articles, Bee local and Honeybee

health, in the Pollinator Health & Chemical Reduction section, and at ProjectApism.org.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE PEPPER

Kirkland Signature  Black Pepper is one of our items that shows continuous improvement in both sourcing and

™

packaging. The pepper we use is sourced from Vietnam, including from farmers in the Quang Tri Province. To learn more

about how these Quang Tri Province farmers' livelihoods are improving, please read the Costco Connection article,

Peppers for prosperity.

The packaging of Kirkland Signature Black Pepper has evolved over time to become more sustainable as follows:

The top of the pepper grinder is removable to allow the grinder to be reﬁlled and reused.
The clear jar is now composed of 50% recycled PET and is recyclable.
Additional shrink wrap ﬁlm has been removed from the display tray, which reduces the amount of overall plastic
packaging.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: May 2022

ORGANICS, GREENHOUSE GROWN & HORTICULTURE

ORGANICS

Organic farming contributes to healthy land stewardship. Costco’s selection of organic products in FY 2020 continued to

grow worldwide to meet our members’ demands. Examples include fruit, vegetables, meat, eggs, cheese, milk, butter,

grains, nuts, coﬀee, tea, juice, wine, beer, spices, oils, sauces, snacks and cotton. Some are local to the individual

geographic region and others are oﬀered worldwide.

We have many excellent suppliers that help us grow and expand our organic oﬀerings. One example is Earthbound Farm

that grows various produce items using ﬁeld practices to support soil health, promote natural pest management and

weed control, and improve food safety. Where it makes sense we work with suppliers and growers to support the

conversion of conventional supplies to organic.

A key component of the sustainable growth of protein organics, such as eggs, chicken, beef, pork, etc., is organic feed.

Costco works with its suppliers and their feed suppliers to learn the impact that this growing demand for feed has on

farmers’ future security, yields and income.

GREENHOUSE GROWN

Greenhouses are another form of sustainable agriculture that we are exploring with our suppliers. In 2019, Costco began
to sell romaine lettuce grown in a California greenhouse. More information can be found in the Kirkland Signature
section. This greenhouse is certiﬁed organic and its 12-acre growing site produces the equivalent of 150 planted ﬁeld

™

acres, which is a reduction in land use. In addition, there will be 0% of water runoﬀ and minimal to 0% of erosion due to

no-tillage.

Another example is Windset Farms that grows tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers in greenhouses through sustainable
practices that include water and energy conservation, the use of renewable energy, and recyclable packaging.

FRESH CUT ROSES

Most of the cut rose heads sold by Costco are sourced from Colombia and Ecuador and are certiﬁed by the Rainforest

Alliance. This means that these roses are traceable to the farm and these certiﬁed suppliers meet standards that:

protect ecosystems, wildlife habitats and pollinator health;
conserve water and soil;
promote decent and safe working conditions;
ensure that the farms are good neighbors to rural communities and wildlands; and
mitigate and adapt their business to climate change.

These suppliers also support their local communities through scholarship programs and childcare centers.

For the UK market, Costco began sourcing its fresh cut roses from Kenya through our supplier MM Flowers and farms of
the VP Group.

Costco’s rose suppliers are limiting the use of chemicals and more information can be found on our Pollinator Health &
Chemical Reduction page.

LIVE GOODS

Costco’s suppliers of live goods (indoor and outdoor plants) and fresh ﬂowers are working to phase out harmful

chemicals. More information can be found on our Pollinator Health & Chemical Reduction page.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2020

PROTEIN & PLANT-BASED ALTERNATIVES

SUSTAINABLE BEEF PRODUCTION

Costco recognizes that beef production has an impact on the environment and, depending upon the beef
production practices employed, the impact may be negative, positive, or somewhere in-between. Costco
encourages suppliers to support good land stewardship practices. There are concerns that beef production
contributes to tropical deforestation in countries such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay. Our intent is
not to source beef from high-risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability and monitoring systems

are in place. We notiﬁed suppliers that Kirkland Signature  items containing beef should not come from these

™

regions. This includes beef sold in our fresh meat cases. We conduct surveys with our suppliers to conﬁrm

compliance.

According to supplier reports for ﬁscal year 2021, over 88% of the beef in Kirkland Signature items came from the

U.S., Canada and New Zealand. We also identiﬁed one ground beef item being sold in one region that contained

less than 1 percent of Argentine beef. We are working with our supplier to address this issue.

Costco is a member of the U.S. and Canadian Roundtables for Sustainable Beef, with a mission to advance,
support, and communicate continuous improvement in the sustainability of U.S. and Canadian beef production by

educating and engaging the beef value-chain through a collaborative multi-stakeholder eﬀort.

Costco, in partnership with others in the U.S., is exploring how it can support ranchers to evaluate their

management practices with key indicators linked to economic, social, livestock and environmental outcomes.
Costco also engages with the Australian Beef Sustainability Framework.

BEEF & THE PRESERVATION OF NATIVE GRASSLANDS

Costco recognizes that one of the greatest threats to native grasslands or prairies is conversion to cropland. We
also recognize that responsible beef production can be linked to the preservation of native grasslands in places
like the Northern Great Plains (NGP) of the U.S., where the intact grasslands ecosystem is compatible with
responsible cattle grazing.

Responsible grazing maintains the health of grasslands, improves soil quality with manure, and preserves open
space and wildlife habitat. Additionally, carbon is sequestered in the grasses and soils of grazing lands that are

properly managed. Beef production also provides social beneﬁts by sustaining livelihoods and community vibrancy

in rural areas where grasslands dominate. Keeping the NGP as grasslands not only helps conserve biodiversity,

but it also means cleaner streams, less fertilizer runoﬀ, more pollinators for plants and more carbon stored in the

soil.

A key element of the pilot was to increase uptake of technology and monitoring tools or, in cases where useful

tools did not exist, identify gaps for ecological monitoring and continuous improvement. The World Wildlife Fund

(WWF) partnered with MaiaGrazing, a user-friendly, online grazing management application that helps ranchers

maximize economic and environmental sustainability of their operations.

Costco purchased subscriptions of the professional version of the application for ranchers enrolled in the pilot.

Throughout 2020, WWF promoted MaiaGrazing as a valuable tool for enrolled ranchers to plan their grazing

management and rotations. While the uptake of the tool has been lower than expected, additional eﬀorts are being

reviewed to determine its viability.

This program partnership has since concluded and we learned valuable lessons to apply to our future rancher

engagements. We continue to look for ways we can help.

PLANT-BASED ALTERNATIVES

Finally, Costco is aware of the need for protein diversiﬁcation as an additional way to address deforestation and

climate change. We continue to grow our selection of plant-based proteins, as an alternative protein oﬀering to our

members. Our growth in this area has been dependent upon availability and some examples include Kirkland
Signature  beverages and the Beyond Meat Burger
plant-based protein sales.

. In 2021, we have continued to experience an increase in

™

™

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2021

SEAFOOD & AQUACULTURE

WILD ALASKAN SALMON PRODUCTS

In Alaska, sustainable management of salmon is protected by the Alaska State Constitution and serves as a model
for sustainability. Costco supplier Trident Seafoods maintains full ownership and control of the Alaskan salmon it
provides to Costco.

Together Costco and Trident Seafoods have developed numerous products to maximize the utilization of every ﬁsh

harvested, including items such as fresh salmon ﬁllets ﬂown directly to warehouses, Kirkland Signature  Skinless

™

Boneless Canned Pink and Sockeye Salmon, Kirkland Signature Wild Alaskan Salmon Burgers, Kirkland Signature
Wild Alaskan Smoked Sockeye Salmon, and Pure Alaska Omega  Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil.

™

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE FARMED TILAPIA

A ﬁve-year eﬀort led to the development of the ASC tilapia standard completed in 2009. Currently, all tilapia sold at

Costco is from farms and suppliers that are ASC certiﬁed, including Regal Springs. More information can be found
in our August 2016 Costco Connection article, Tilapia royalty.

To ensure that the product has a more uniform thickness, Costco uses only the top loin for its Kirkland Signature

™

Frozen Tilapia. This allows Costco members a more consistent cooking experience. However, this left the thinner
bottom loin of the tilapia as potential waste. Costco decided to partner with several of their nationally branded

frozen ﬁsh suppliers such as Trident and High Liner Foods to ﬁnd a solution. The result was the creation of many

value-added frozen tilapia items found in Costco’s freezer section such as Highliner Tortilla Crusted Tilapia and
Trident Panko Breaded Tilapia. This is also a way for Costco to keep costs low and provide more value to our
members.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: December 2020

TEXTILES & COTTON

COTTON

Cotton Traceability

We began a cotton traceability program in 2019 to further understand where the cotton in our Kirkland Signature
apparel is coming from. In 2020, we enhanced this program to include supply chain mapping and third-party

™

traceability document veriﬁcation. More information can be found on our Human Rights page, in the section on

Strategic Collaboration. In addition, our Kirkland Signature products made from Pima and or extra-long staple

length (ELS) cotton require DNA testing protocols to verify these species. DNA testing is completed in multiple

stages of the supply chain.

Kirkland Signature Bed Sheets

Kirkland Signature Bed Sheets are made from Pima cotton grown in the Central Valley of California. Through a

patented technology, a program to test the traceability of cotton ﬁber through the entire supply chain has been

established. This helps track the purity of the cotton and verify the manufacturing process from the ﬁelds to our

shelves, ensuring higher quality. More information can be found in this Cotton Traceability video.

One of the farms that grows ELS cotton used for our Kirkland Signature  Bed Sheets is the Bowles Farming

™

Company (BFCo), a family-owned and operated farm in California. Beyond compliance with regulatory
requirements, BFCo has initiated programs and practices focused on protecting workers and the environment in

areas of soil health, climate change, and water conservation. To learn more about these eﬀorts, visit this article:

Bowles Farming Company.

Organic Cotton

For our organic cotton products, manufacturers claiming organic cotton must be certiﬁed by Global Organic Textile

Standard (GOTS). GOTS is the global industry leader in certifying textiles processing for organic ﬁbers, including

cotton. The GOTS system certiﬁes the product throughout the entire textile supply chain, ensuring the organic

status of cotton from raw materials to the end consumer.

RECYCLED TEXTILES

Recycled fabric technology is currently a hot topic in the textile industry. To ensure recycled textile claims are

veriﬁed and validated, Costco requires one of the two approved certiﬁcations, the Recycled Claim Standard (RCS)

or Global Recycled Standard (GRS) certiﬁcation programs. Kirkland Signature  apparel items require GRS.

™

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

WOOD, PULP & PAPER

WOOD, PULP & PAPER

Our goal is for our suppliers to create wood, paper and ﬁber-based products with as little impact to the

ecosystem as possible while still delivering the quality and price that our members demand.

Wood Products

After a 10-year moratorium on teak, in 2015 we began selling a limited amount of outdoor teak furniture that

was 100% FSC-certiﬁed and we continue to require that teak sold at Costco is FSC 100% certiﬁed.

Costco has expanded FSC certiﬁcation to other species of solid wood products, including FSC-certiﬁed cedar

wood playsets, gazebos, bee houses, outdoor furniture and pavilions.

To learn more about our product testing of furniture products, please visit our Chemical Management page.

Fiber-based Packaging

Our packaging goals are to reduce the amount, while still protecting the product’s integrity. Fiber for paper-

based packaging should come from known sources, should be procured legally and should not contribute to

deforestation. Because there is a limited supply of certiﬁed ﬁber, we highly encourage the use of recycled

content whenever possible.

In FY20, all of our U.S. Ecommerce shipping boxes fulﬁlled by Costco used 100% recycled content. In FY21,

due to increased demand for ecommerce products and supply constraints, we had to supplement some boxes

that did not utilize 100% recycled content.

More information can be found on the Packaging page.

KIRKLAND SIGNATURE PAPER-BASED PRODUCTS

Our goal is to have all Kirkland Signature  paper products created to optimize recycled content and tree-free

™

ﬁbers where feasible. Virgin-wood ﬁbers should come from certiﬁed, well-managed forests that don’t

contribute to deforestation or degradation.

Examples include:

Kirkland Signature Bath Tissue, Paper Towels, Napkins, Facial Tissue, Parchment Paper, Gift Wrap and
Daily Facial Towelettes all carry forest certiﬁcations with the majority of ﬁber coming from FSC.
99.4% of register tape used in our U.S. and Canadian warehouses is FSC-certiﬁed and is also phenol-
free (no BPA or BPS). We are working to expand that to warehouses and gas stations worldwide.
Japanese gas station receipts now use ﬁber from FSC certiﬁed sources, according to supply reports.
More information can be found on our Chemical Management page.
In the U.S., according to supplier reports, the paper used for the Costco Connection magazine,
Costco.com mailer, Business Savings Event mailer, Costco Services magazine, Holiday Savings Guide,
Costco Travel Guide Savings Guides, and Costco Auto Program Showcase ﬂiers are certiﬁed to FSC or
SFI standards. U.S. Multivendor mailers use ﬁber from FSC certiﬁed sources, although there is no
certiﬁcation claim on it.
In Canada, the Costco Connection magazine, Wellness ﬂier, and Costco.ca insert are certiﬁed to the FSC
standard, according to supplier reports.

More information can be found on the Forest Conservation Commitment section of the Environmental Impacts 
& Land Stewardship page.

WIPES

Costco is committed to providing members with wipes that are sourced in an environmentally responsible
™
manner. For example, Kirkland Signature  Baby Wipes are made with biodegradable, renewable ﬁbers derived
from 100% plant-based materials. In addition, Costco supplier Nice-Pak  incorporates sustainable practices

®

into the production process that reduces water, energy, CO2 and waste to a landﬁll.

The ﬁbers for Kirkland Signature Daily Facial Towelettes are responsibly sourced and now the product is FSC

certiﬁed. Kirkland Signature Flushable Wipes are also transitioning to FSC certiﬁcation.

BACK TO TOP   |   BACK TO MERCHANDISING

Last Updated: May 2022

CLIMATE ACTION PLAN

Doing the right thing – for our members, employees, suppliers, investors, and the
health of our global community – is a driving force for continuous improvement at
Costco and creates the foundation of our Climate Action Plan.  

This page has been updated as of July 2022 to share our progress since
December 2021.

INTRODUCTION

At the current rate of growth of global carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) emissions, the negative eﬀects of

climate change — extreme weather events, ocean acidiﬁcation, wildﬁres, rising sea levels, resource scarcity,

deforestation, loss of biodiversity, forced migration, racial injustice, economic inequality and more — will likely
cause the greatest disruption to life in human history. The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate

Change (IPCC) 6th Assessment Report documents the global scientiﬁc consensus that global warming will

exceed 1.5°C during the coming years unless deep reductions in carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse

gas emissions occur in the coming decades.

At Costco, we remain committed to doing our part to address our environmental and social impact in partnership

with our global stakeholders. These eﬀorts are both a business imperative and the right thing to do. Our Climate

Action Plan is our roadmap to lowering greenhouse gas emissions. We are listening to our shareholders’ request

to accelerate our actions. In this update, we share our progress to date and plans to continue to improve. You’ll

ﬁnd information on these topics:

Speciﬁc actions we’ve taken since December 2021 across several key categories in support of our Climate
Action Plan
Our steps on governance and our alignment with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD)
Updates on our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions plans, and on our current CO2e emissions tracking

OUR HOLISTIC APPROACH

Our approach to address climate change encompasses three foundational beliefs:

The subjects we address are multi-faceted, as evidenced by the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs) we have adopted (as shown above and explained in our Sustainability Commitment
introduction);
Our approach must encompass worldwide operations and global supply chains; and
We must use evidence-based best practices and take actions rooted in science.

We are also guided by our Sustainability Principles:

For Costco to thrive, the world needs to thrive. We are committed to doing our part to help.
We focus on issues related to our business and where we can contribute to real, results-driven positive
impact.
We do not have all of the answers, are learning as we go and seek continuous improvement.

Our FY21-FY24 10-Point Climate Action Plan addresses the climate impacts attributed to our global operations
and supply chain. While we are committed to urgent actions to reduce carbon emissions, we also must align
them with our objectives as to human rights, diversity, equity and inclusion, life above land and below water,

water conservation and reduction of waste. Meaningful climate action takes into account all of these issues

because all of these issues are interconnected.

Our transition to a low carbon business model that is sustainable for our planet and represents a just transition

for our employees, members and suppliers will be a monumental challenge for us and others. Our Climate Action

Plan focuses on areas that have the potential to reduce our global CO2e footprint, conserve water and minimize

waste generation. We are actively exploring opportunities, ideas, pilot projects and sector initiatives for

improvements in areas of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 footprint.

SCIENCE BASED TARGETS

We acknowledge the value of the Science Based Target Initiative’s (SBTi) Corporate Net Zero Standard as a
guiding framework for ambitious climate strategy, and we will continue to utilize SBTi’s guidance as we evaluate

solutions. Those solutions must be operationally viable and fulﬁll our obligations to our shareholders, employees,

members and the communities we serve.

We respect the 2022 shareholder vote and have accelerated our Climate Action Plan milestones. While we are

guided by Science Based Targets, we are not in a position to adopt them until we have plans to achieve them

that are speciﬁc and achievable. As explained more fully below, we are working diligently on those plans.

That being said, we understand and appreciate the urgency to address climate change and are committed to

doing our part to help achieve a 1.5 degree pathway. Over the next three ﬁscal years (2022-2024), we will

determine Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e emissions reduction targets and detailed action plans taking into
consideration:

UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports, including the recent 6th Assessment
Report
Outcomes of UN Climate Change Conference of Parties (COP), including COP26
SBTi’s Corporate Net Zero Standard
Forthcoming SBTi guidance on Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG)
Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s Scope 3 Calculation Guidance and Scope 3 Evaluator Tool
Forthcoming Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s Land Sector and Removals Guidance
The Value Change Initiative
Other relevant and evolving guidance

In parallel, we will pursue water conservation and waste minimization initiatives across our operations and supply

chain.

To date, we have made initial targets and absolute emission reduction commitments for Scopes 1 and 2, and are

examining additional pathways for further reduction. We are in the process of estimating our Scope 3 emissions
inventory, and we will begin to develop Scope 3 reduction options during the second half of 2022. (See “Climate
Action Plan Updates” below for more details.)

We will provide our expanded Scope 1, 2 and 3 Action Plans in December 2022, in addition to other TCFD
prescribed recommendations.

CLIMATE ACTION PLAN UPDATES

Since December 2021, we have accelerated our plans to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e emissions. In addition to
the immediate warehouse operations and energy challenges (Scope 1 and Scope 2), we must openly embrace
the technically complex work of decarbonizing our global supply chain and uses of our sold products (Scope 3).
We are invested in this work with suppliers and partners, employees and a range of stakeholders.

Here’s a look at progress milestones made since December 2021 by category:

Overall Planning, Reporting and Accountability

Prepared for much more extensive climate reporting and disclosure in the second half of 2022 through these
steps:

For the ﬁrst time, Costco will submit a Forests Questionnaire in this year’s CDP reporting cycle, which
closed on July 27. That submission joins a Climate Questionnaire for 2022.
As new standards, frameworks and regulatory requirements evolve, we will continue providing TCFD-
aligned disclosure, Greenhouse Gas Protocol-aligned emissions data and a foundation of SASB-based
sustainability accounting (soon to be ISSB). These complementary approaches seek to align our
measurement and reporting with the expectations of our global stakeholders.

Explored emerging regulatory requirements through the lens of best practices in global retail and other
industries. This includes but is not limited to assessing rules and regulations by the California Air Resources

Board (CARB) and examining policy directives from our U.S. and international markets.

Conducted climate-related scenario planning sessions with top leadership to examine the risks and
opportunities associated with several global warming scenarios on Costco's business. Further details are listed

below under “Aligning with TCFD.”

Added talent and expertise to our Sustainability and Compliance teams to accelerate progress on our
Climate Action Plan.

Scope 1 and 2 Emissions

Continued to build the capabilities to track compliance and dynamically monitor natural resource
consumption at our warehouses, at the individual warehouse and aggregate levels, using our Sustainability

Technical Assistance Review (STAR) framework to help manage warehouse CO2e emissions. You can ﬁnd details

on STAR here.

Actively engaged global business lines and functional teams to evaluate, design and implement Scope 1 and
2 reduction opportunities. This work involves ﬁnancial and operational analysis of refrigerant leak reduction,

vehicle electriﬁcation, vehicle charging infrastructure and renewable energy, as well as other key categories.

Initiated pilots to explore new decarbonization opportunities. These test, trial and pilot programs explore
additional decarbonization opportunities. Examples include:

Placing orders for four electric yard goats for use at Costco distribution centers
Testing an electric bakery oven at a warehouse location
Conducting a solar electric vehicle (EV) charging test at multiple warehouse locations
Completing a business plan for installing EV charging infrastructure at pilot locations
Exploring renewable diesel options for Business Delivery California trucks
Testing refrigerant leak reduction technology systems at 12 warehouse locations to reduce fugitive
emissions

Made progress on our reductions of Scope 1 and 2 emissions based on comparing our 2020 veriﬁed baseline
emissions to our FY21 veriﬁed emissions. See “Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Reductions” below for a summary.

Scope 3 Emissions

Estimated preliminary Scope 3 emissions baselines and began developing a Scope 3 Action Plan. We are
learning from our STAR initiative and our global supplier network to develop a plan to reduce emissions across

the supply chain.

Worked to establish our preliminary initial Scope 3 CO2e inventory estimates following Greenhouse Gas
Protocol guidance for ﬁve of the 15 categories that we ﬁnd are material. We believe that the majority of our

Scope 3 emissions stem from Category 1 (Purchased Goods & Services) and Category 11 (Use of Sold

Products).

Surveyed our top 500 suppliers to understand their emissions tracking and some aspects of their reduction
eﬀorts. These 500 suppliers cover approximately 70% of annual U.S. sales:

Survey results included Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e footprint and reduction targets, supplier progress toward
goals, and water and packaging-related information.
Survey results also revealed the initial maturity and objectives of these suppliers which will determine the
level of future engagement needed.
Survey results revealed almost 30% (based upon U.S. sales) of suppliers state they are aligned with
Science Based Targets.

We plan to share our preliminary Supplier Engagement Strategy at our September Global Supplier meeting as

part of our joint eﬀorts to reduce emissions.

ALIGNING WITH TCFD

Our adherence to TCFD recommendations continues to improve:

Executive-Level Climate-Related Scenario Planning. We conducted an in-depth climate-related scenario
analysis with our top 25 global executives in April 2022. This scenario analysis explored climate-related risks and

opportunities (physical and transition) to operations, supply chain, members, employees, reputation and

products. We identiﬁed key implications for strengthening the resilience of the business around the world,

including potential vulnerability to Costco's supply chain and suppliers. We are extending this critical work with a

second scenario planning session at the end of July to incorporate the next layer of executive leaders and

determine relevant initiatives and response plans to address the identiﬁed risks and opportunities. See further

details below, under “Strategy.”

Disclosures Review. We conducted a detailed assessment of our current reporting compared to TCFD
recommendations and will publish additional TCFD-aligned disclosures later in 2022. These will position us to

comply with evolving regulatory requirements, many of which are TCFD based. By the end of 2022, Costco will

begin disclosing information using TCFD’s framework of Core Elements and Recommendations as a guide. This

builds on our 2020 adoption of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standard.

Meanwhile, here’s an update of steps we’ve taken regarding TCFD core elements of Governance, Strategy, Risk

Management, and Metrics and Targets.

Governance

TCFD’s Core Element of Governance focuses on the role of the Board of Directors and management team. Earlier

this year, Costco’s Board of Directors oﬃcially made sustainability a core part of the charter and responsibility for

the Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee. On the management side, Costco’s sustainability strategy

continues to be led by our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance, who reports directly to the
CEO and regularly engages the executive team and the Board. Costco recently launched our ESG
(Environmental, Social, and Governance) Executive Advisory Council, which brings together leaders from across

the company to chart goals and strategy. We have also aligned executive compensation with ESG priorities
through our Executive Bonus Plan, which rests on quantitative metrics including diversity, equity and inclusion

(DEI), resource consumption and waste reduction, and climate emissions reduction.

Strategy

As mentioned above, Costco launched a detailed climate-related scenario analysis process in Spring 2022. This

critical tool is central to TCFD’s framework and increasingly expected in major markets, including the UK and the
upcoming climate disclosure rule in the U.S.

We brought together our global executives in person to consider the potential impacts to Costco, our members,

our suppliers and our communities. Potential impacts were identiﬁed under multiple scenarios — one in which

coordinated global action achieves average warming of well below 2.0°C, another aligned with a 2.0-3.0°C

warmer world with much less policy and market coordination, and a third scenario with similar policy and market
fragmentation and average warming exceeding 3.0°C.

This summer, we will bring this strategy framework to the next level of our managers and further explore the

range of climate-related risks and opportunities that Costco may encounter in the future.

Risk Management

Building on the scenario analysis described above, Costco is currently identifying and assessing climate-related
risks and opportunities. This includes physical risks, such as potential impacts from extreme weather events on
our suppliers and members, as well as important new regulatory and policy requirements across our major

markets. Costco’s TCFD disclosure later this year will represent one major step toward readiness in this area, as

we look ahead to future requirements and stakeholder expectations.

Metrics and Targets

In January 2022, we publicly disclosed our preliminary Scope 1 and 2 reduction targets (see additional detail in

the “Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Reductions” section below). We are pursuing further decarbonization opportunities

ahead of our December 2022 disclosures.

Alongside our 2022 CDP Climate submission, Costco also will submit our 2022 CDP Forest submission in July.
We also continue to reduce waste from our operations and deploy new sensors and management systems for

water eﬃciency. In the area of climate, we expanded our CO2e emissions inventory analysis over the past six

months to cover all materially relevant Scope 3 categories.

Throughout the second half of this year, Costco will continue to connect our sustainability metrics to the climate-

related risks and opportunities identiﬁed through scenario analysis and risk assessment, discussed above. That

strategic integration will enable us to share our targets and goals with our members, suppliers and community of

stakeholders in an updated Climate Action Plan by the end of this year.

We will continue, as appropriate and until stated otherwise, to report our emissions and participate in the CDP,

established by the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.

SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS

We continue to execute our Scope 1 and 2 decarbonization strategy developed in 2021, which includes the
following steps:

Design and implement centralized data collection, analysis and reporting solutions to support warehouse-
level carbon, water and waste performance management;

Reduce carbon emissions through energy and refrigeration projects;
Purchase more renewable electricity and install on-site renewables when operationally feasible; and
Acquire high-quality, veriﬁed renewable energy certiﬁcates (RECs) after exhausting all other cost-eﬀective
reduction pathways.

Emissions Veriﬁcations. Our calendar year 2020 Scope 1 and 2 CO2e footprint was veriﬁed by SCS Global
Services. We are using this baseline to set absolute reduction targets and measure our future actions. We have

engaged SCS Global Services to verify our FY21 Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions, which will be reported to CDP.

Initial Reduction Commitments. Two categories collectively represent over 75% of our 2020 baseline Scope 1
and 2 emissions:

Scope 1: Hydroﬂuorocarbons (i.e., HFCs) and other gases from our refrigeration units in our warehouses;
and
Scope 2: Purchased electricity that powers our warehouses and corporate oﬃces.

As of January 2022, our new Scope 1 and 2 reduction commitments are as follows:

Scope 1: Accelerate the phase-out of HFCs and increase our investment in refrigeration retroﬁts to reduce
refrigerant emission Global Warming Potential (GWP) by 30% by 2030 as compared to our 2020 baseline.
Scope 2: Increase purchased renewable electricity in our global operations from 15.8% in 2021 to 30% by
2025; 60% by 2030; and 100% by 2035.

Between these two actions we are committing to an annual 2% per year reduction target for global Scope 1 and
2 CO2e emissions. We estimate this would reduce our cumulative Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 20% by 2030

and 45% by 2035 from a 2020 base year. We will disclose the remainder of our Scope 1 and 2 decarbonization
strategy in our December update. This will build on ongoing Scope 1 and 2 analysis across our global footprint,

including the piloting of alternative-fuel vehicles in our Depot and Business Center ﬂeets, testing refrigerant leak-

reduction technology, and evaluating broader electriﬁcation opportunities within our warehouses.

Ongoing Challenges. Successfully implementing this decarbonization strategy depends upon many factors,
some of which are beyond our control. Examples include, but are not limited to, changes in the international and
national policy and regulatory landscape, permitting requirements, the availability of refrigerant equipment and

low-GWP refrigerant alternatives, the availability of qualiﬁed refrigerant and HVAC service providers, requisite

supply of renewable energy, COVID-19 pandemic-related socio-economic and public health risks, as well as the
direct and indirect impact of global climate change on our operations and global value chain.

SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS

In addition to the aforementioned progress, we are focusing on Scope 3 emission reduction opportunities across
material Categories with an emphasis on Category 1 and Category 11, as they represent the largest contributions
to our current footprint. This is our largest challenge, given the large share of our emissions contributed by Scope
3 and our dependence on third parties to achieve reductions.

Our plans include, but are not limited to:

Continuing to disclose per DEFRA our Scope 3 GHG Inventory for Category 5 (Waste Generated in
Operations)
Finalizing and verifying our Scope 3 emissions inventory estimates for the remaining categories for a
FY2020 base year
Developing a Scope 3 Action Plan for December 2022 public disclosure

Additionally, we also intend to consult forthcoming SBTi FLAG guidance and Greenhouse Gas Protocol Land

Sector and Removals guidance as we consider our approach to Scope 3 reductions. We understand the urgency

for better understanding our Scope 3 emissions impact and are focusing our eﬀorts on ﬁnding improvement

opportunities across our supply chain.

CURRENT CO2e EMISSIONS TRACKING

Costco reports Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in alignment with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting &

Reporting Standard:

Scope 1 Direct Emissions include all natural gas and propane provided to owned or controlled facilities
used for heating or food processing and manufacturing. Included in direct emissions are diesel used by
Costco’s truck ﬂeets, refrigerated trailers and yard haulers; propane to power mobile ﬂoor scrubbers; jet
fuel for corporate jets and fugitive emissions from HFC refrigerants from refrigeration and air conditioning
equipment.
Scope 2 Indirect Emissions are for purchased electricity and comprise the largest percentage of our total
Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

In 2016, we set a goal to manage our carbon footprint growth to be less than our company sales growth. For the

reporting period of FY21, we achieved that goal, as we have consistently done since 2017 and as noted in our

carbon footprint summary below.

For FY21, we came in at 2,647,132 tCO2e for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. This reﬂects a 0.6% decrease versus

calendar year 2020 (please note the diﬀerence in reporting time frames due to changes in our CDP reporting time

frames). While not a perfect measure, we believe that we continue to move in the right direction.

This reduction is noteworthy in light of the growth that our business has seen. We’ve added more warehouse

locations and expanded our emissions reporting to include our manufacturing plants and part of our Costco

Logistics delivery business. Furthermore, our intensity metrics show continual decreases. We are adding square
footage as an additional intensity measurement.

COSTCO'S SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS SUMMARY

Reported Data

% YoY Increase

Carbon Intensity

Total in 
covered 
regions

1
Sales
($MM)

tCO2e 
(tons)

Square 
footage of 
2
operations
(MM)

Sales

tCO2e

Square
footage

tCO2e per 
$M of 
sales

tCO2e per 
thousand 
sq ft

3
2016

$109,207

2,250,906

114.5

2.1%

13.4%

4.9%

4
2017

$131,653

5
2,358,629

119.5

6
12.3%

7
4.8%

8
2018

9
$142,645

2,508,419

123.1

8.3%

6.4%

10

4.4%

3.1%

2019

11

$152,794 2,572,206

12

126.3

7.1%

2.5%

2.6%

2020

$170,683

2,663,033

145.9

11.7%

3.5%

15.5%

FY21

13

$192,052 2,647,132

14

152.1

12.5%

15

-0.6%

4.3%

20.6

17.9

17.6

16.8

15.6

13.8

19.7

19.7

20.4

20.4

18.3

17.4

(1) Sales are net sales as deﬁned in our 10K and do not include membership income. Although Costco’s ﬁnancial

reporting is done on a ﬁscal year basis, for purposes of CDP reporting, sales have been converted to calendar

year for 2016-2020. We revert back to ﬁscal year accounting in 2021 in accordance with how we changed our

reporting time frame for the 2021 CDP report.

(2) Our square-footage number includes all warehouses, distribution centers and logistics facilities, and

manufacturing facilities.

(3) Includes the following regions: U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada, Australia, Mexico, Spain and the UK. These tCO2e

numbers have been restated for 2016 to include all refrigerants resulting in an additional 127,481.8 tCO2e. IPCC

reporting guidelines oﬀer a choice to include or exclude HCFC. Costco has revised internal policies to include

refrigerants as a more appropriate method of calculating emissions.

(4) Includes the following regions: U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada, Australia, UK, Mexico, Spain, Japan, South Korea,

France, Iceland and Taiwan. Costco has reﬁned reporting to include all facilities in all regions and all reportable

sources.

(5) Restated to align with CDP reported numbers for the 2017 reporting year.

(6) In 2017, we included all operations worldwide in our calculations. Therefore, the corresponding calculation of

year-over-year sales uses 2016 worldwide sales of $117,223,539.

(7) Updated to 4.8% due to error in previous calculation.

(8) Includes all regions worldwide where we do business, including Scope 1 and 2 for China, which opened for

business within the reporting year. Includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions for all manufacturing facilities for the

duration they were open in the reporting year, including the Lincoln Premium Poultry plant in Nebraska, U.S.

(9) Restated sales numbers for 2018.

(10) Updated to 6.4% due to error in previous calculation.

(11) Included all regions worldwide where we do business and all manufacturing facilities for the duration they

were open in the reporting. This does not include all Costco Logistics facilities and does not include market

oﬀsets.

(12) Emissions for 2019 are restated which changes the % increase of CO2e.

 
(13) Eﬀective July 2022, we moved to reporting our emissions on a ﬁscal year basis to align better with our

ﬁnancial reporting. These numbers represent our emissions estimate from August 30th, 2020 to August 29th,

2021.

(14) These numbers were veriﬁed by SCS Global in July 2022. Please note that this calculation uses the

Location-based methodology to calculate Scope 2 emissions. As reported in our latest CDP Climate Report, our

Market-based Scope 2 emissions number is 1,418,244 tCO2e which is 10,507 tCO2e less than the Location-

based number.

(15) The calculation of year-over-year sales changes and emissions changes uses Calendar Year 2020 compared
to Fiscal Year 2021.

Throughout our Sustainability Commitment, you will ﬁnd numerous references to our practices and operational

eﬃciencies that help minimize our CO2e emissions, including our eﬀorts stated on our Energy and Refrigeration
page.

BACK TO TOP

Last Updated: July 2022

This Sustainability Commitment includes our updates for Fiscal Year 2021.

We continue to make progress on many of our sustainability commitments and goals, including those related to our Climate Action Plan and Diversity, Equity Inclusion.

We thank our employees, suppliers, members and the communities where we operate for their continuing support as we work together to address these commitments and goals.

Our aim is that our business remains responsible, resilient and relevant in accordance with our Mission Statement and Code of Ethics.

Mission Statement To continually provide our members with quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices.

These inform and guide our everyday goal to do the right thing and are the foundation of our business.

Costco will continue to adapt as we learn more about our impact and global challenges such as climate change, human rights issues, and compromised natural resources.

Sustainability to us is remaining a pro table business while doing the right thing.

We have adopted the following principles and responsibilities to help us navigate a dynamic and changing future, while still striving to do the right thing and remain a low cost and e cient business operator.

We focus on issues related to our business and where we can contribute to real, results driven positive impact.

We do not have all of the answers, are learning as we go and seek continuous improvement.

Support the communities where our employees and members live and work.

Operate e ciently and in an environmentally responsible manner.

Strategically source our merchandise in a sustainable manner.

Sustainability is important to all levels of our company, and we are working together toward our goals and progress on our initiatives.

Regular reporting to our Board of Directors and to the Nominating and Governance Committee, which is the committee with primary oversight of sustainability goals and progress Monthly reporting to our global executive team Our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance reports directly to our CEO and chairs our newly formed Environmental Social Governance (ESG) Executive Advisory Committee.

The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee will jointly oversee this element of the Plan.

Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to prioritize our Climate Action Plan in relation to our business model.

The SDGs are 17 globally accepted 2030 goals, with 169 targets that balance economic, social and environmental dimensions of sustainable development.

Following standards set by the UN Global Compact for SDG Disclosure, we conducted a materiality assessment, with assistance from an outside third party, to prioritize what makes sense for our business.

This chart outlines these goals, our initial key performance indicators, our FY2021 baselines and where each SDG is referenced in this Sustainability Commitment.

Water is a precious and limited resource that cannot be wasted.

Costco is committed to improving water use e ciency and reducing operational water waste.

Costco is committed to protecting the human rights, safety and dignity of the people who contribute to the success of our business.

This includes supporting the welfare of the people who produce, process, harvest and transport the products we sell.

We aim to have a diverse workforce that is representative of the communities where we do business and to foster an inclusive environment.

We also aim to make a positive contribution to the well being of the communities where we do business.

Costco’s goal is to continually decrease the amount of waste going to land lls through reducing food waste at source, feeding hungry people and animals, supporting industrial programs (i.e.

Biofuel), composting and other recycling and donation programs.

Costco’s goal is to continually decrease the amount and impact of packaging waste through packaging elimination, reduction through redesign, and o ering packaging that is widely recyclable, compostable and or made from recycled content.

We will be implementing a series of standards, metrics, and goals to build a holistic Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy.

Meaningful climate action is a central pillar in that work.

Our plan prioritizes the mitigation of Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e emissions and water usage.

Reduction of Kirkland Signature and Fresh Produce plastic packaging, based on supplier reported data.

We will continually source sustainable seafood products from either wild sheries or farmed aquaculture in ways that help meet current demands without compromising the availability of scarce resources for future generations.

Our goal is to responsibly source wood, paper and ber based products in a way that is respectful to the forest ecosystem and the environment.

Certi cations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their communities are balanced with conservation of our forests for future generations.

Kirkland Signature wild species product sourced from MSC certi ed shery or in a FIP, based on supplier reported data.

Kirkland Signature farmed salmon, tilapia, shrimp, and pangasius sourced from ASC certi ed farms or in an AIP, based on supplier reported data.

Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards would provide investors information pertaining to topics that are relevant to our operations.

A cross functional team reviewed these SASB metrics and selected those that were relevant to our operations.

With the assistance of third party consultants, we conducted a data quality risk assessment of these selected SASB metrics.

Based upon that assessment, we identi ed a subset of SASB metrics for 2021 reporting for our U.S. operations.

The following SASB reference table serves as a guide to our initial disclosure for this rst year.

We intend to expand our SASB disclosures in the coming years.

While the actions themselves are incident speci c, they may include noti cations to impacted individuals and regulatory agencies, additional employee communications and training, technical or physical controls or process implementation, and documentation reviews and updates.

In its U.S. operations, Costco identi es and addresses data security risks based on several frameworks, including ISO27001, the NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

The company’s governance policies, including the Information Security Policy, outline high level strategic information security objectives to meet compliance and regulatory requirements.

We have standards, procedures and programs to guide the management of data security risks.

Costco has implemented several technology measures, leveraging third party security providers when needed, and engages in multiple activities to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risks in systems (e.g., scanning for common vulnerabilities and exposures, penetration tests on internal and external networks, code scans on applications, employee awareness and training, internal and external audits).

We also review on a risk based priority third parties with whom we do business in an e ort to reduce the likelihood of security incidents or business interruptions.

Costco employs a defense in depth strategy to address the attack chain and safeguard our systems and information.

Some of the measures utilized by Costco include phishing detection and mitigation, multi factor authentication, information system protection systems such as anti malware, anti ransomware, endpoint detection and response, le integrity monitoring, and other system hardening techniques.

Networks are protected using network detection and response capabilities, are segmented, and provide ow level visibility into lateral movement potential e commerce systems are protected by a web application rewall.

This layered defense concept combined with our detection and response capabilities allow us to minimize the potential risk of unauthorized access to our systems and information.

Our Vice President of Information Security reports regularly to the Board of Directors and senior management concerning our security practices.

We continue to incorporate sustainable practices in our business.

Our practices are evolving over time, as we learn more and adapt to our ever changing world, and we update our Commitment to re ect these changes.

The data reported is compiled from the best available sources at the time of publication, may change as new information becomes available and will be restated if necessary in future reports.

Our Sustainability Commitments Archive provides historical versions of the Commitment only as a matter of convenience to users, who may wish to compare them over time.

These historical Commitments are superseded in their entirety by the current version of the Commitment and should not be relied upon as currently accurate disclosures or otherwise.

For questions or more information, please contact Costco Customer Service.

Statements contained in this document are aspirational and relate to the manner in which the Company currently intends to conduct certain of its activities, based on management's current plans and expectations.

These statements are not promises, guarantees, or statements on which you should rely with respect to the Company's conduct or policies, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be material and or beyond the Company's control.

In addition, certain statements contained in this document constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Company expects or anticipates may occur in the future.

Such forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to di er materially from those indicated by such statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, domestic and international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the e ects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the nancial markets, consumer and small business spending patterns and debt levels, breaches of security or privacy of member or business information, conditions a ecting the acquisition, development, ownership or use of real estate, capital spending, actions of vendors, rising costs associated with employees (generally including health care costs), energy and certain commodities, geopolitical conditions (including tari s), the ability to maintain e ective internal control over nancial reporting, COVID 19 related factors and challenges, including (among others) the duration of the pandemic, the unknown long term economic impact, reduced shopping due to illness, travel restrictions or nancial hardship, shifts in demand away from discretionary or higher priced products, reduced workforces due to illness, quarantine, or government mandates, temporary store closures due to reduced workforces or government mandates, or supply chain disruptions, and other risks identi ed from time to time in the Company’s public statements and reports led with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company does not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law.

A key to Costco’s continuing success and growth is the attraction and retention of great employees.

Everywhere we do business, we seek to provide competitive wages and bene ts to our employees.

The vast majority of Costco’s workforce consists of hourly employees in warehouse locations.

We compensate these hourly employees very well by retail standards.

This helps us in the long run by minimizing turnover and enhancing employee productivity, commitment, and loyalty.

We encourage our employees to view Costco as a place where they can have a long term career rather than just a job.

In the U.S., we provide generous bene ts, including a ordable health care coverage for full and part time employees, and sizable contributions to company sponsored retirement plans, based on years of service.

We provide twice yearly Extra Checks (bonuses) for long tenured hourly employees.

We believe our paid sick, vacation and leave policies for hourly employees are very competitive by retail standards.

We have adopted operational practices designed to bene t our hourly workforce, such as a 50% full time ratio, guarantees of minimum scheduled hours and weekly schedules posted at least two weeks in advance.

In response to the COVID 19 pandemic and its associated challenges, we began providing premium pay to all warehouse and depot hourly employees in March 2020 and continued for a full year through February 2021, at which time a portion of the premium was built permanently into our hourly wage scales in the U.S.

As a business deemed to be essential during the COVID 19 pandemic, Costco expanded its seasonal period, adding over 17,000 employees to the U.S. workforce between March and August 2020.

Our worldwide policies and practices are designed to mirror our practices in the U.S., subject to local regulations, customs and market conditions.

For salaried management in our locations, as well as positions in the corporate and regional o ces, we also seek to provide competitive compensation and bene ts.

Although many salaried employees might be able to nd higher compensation or better perks at other companies, our retention rates, particularly for longer term Costco employees, are very high.

We believe our competitive compensation and bene ts, opportunities for growth and advancement, and the stability and culture of the company drive our strong retention rates.

In the U.S., our employees average over nine years of service with the company.

Over 60% of U.S. employees have ve or more years with Costco, and over one third have more than 10 years.

Costco also has long tenured workforces elsewhere, particularly in more mature markets in Canada, the UK, Mexico and parts of Asia.

Worldwide, we have over 17,000 employees that have more than 25 years of Costco service.

We feel the experience level and loyalty of our employees gives us a signi cant advantage.

A related advantage comes from our philosophy and practice of promoting from within our employee ranks.

We are proud of the fact that over 70% of our warehouse managers worldwide began their Costco careers in hourly positions.

In addition, a majority of our corporate and regional o ce employees started in our warehouses, depots, and business centers.

We have student retention programs available worldwide that allow our warehouse employees to maintain their employment status while attending college.

We have a voluntary program, Journeys For All, which o ers all employees opportunities to succeed through education, mentoring and connection.

We’re developing a new Merchandising Recruitment and Employee Development team.

Their main responsibility is to optimize talent from our warehouses, depots, and all other operational units for the Home and Regional O ces.

The team will educate employees on the roles in Buying, and will support employee onboarding and development.

We believe that di erent perspectives, as well as operational knowledge, will be good for both our Buying teams and warehouse employees.

We have a 12 week program designed to provide supervisor level merchandising training to management without merchandising experience.

Merchandising is an important element of the competencies required of a warehouse general manager, a key position at Costco.

We also updated and expanded the opportunities within our current supervisor in training program for hourly employees.

These programs resulted in a larger candidate pool, increased diversity in applicants and increased employee engagement.

Our Code of Ethics makes clear our commitment to take care of our employees.

It has always been Costco policy that employees deserve an environment free from all forms of unlawful employment discrimination.

All decisions regarding recruiting, hiring, promotion, assignment, training, termination, and other terms and conditions of employment will be made without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work related injury, covered military or veteran status, political ideology or expression, genetic information, marital status, or any other protected status.

Our work on diversity and inclusion is not new, but it continues with increased emphasis.

Costco’s philosophy of creating an inclusive and respectful workplace is part of our culture to ensure that everyone feels included and respected in all aspects of our business.

We know that embracing di erences is important to the growth of our company as it leads to opportunities, innovation and employee satisfaction.

The events of 2020 gave us the opportunity to evaluate where we are and how we can be even better.

Among other things, we committed to additional training for managers on race, bias, and equity, and greater visibility of our employee demographics.

We also provided educational resources to support management on engaging in inclusive conversations.

We continue to provide training in anti harassment, anti discrimination and anti retaliation.

Our workforce is representative of the communities where we do business.

We closely monitor demographic data at all levels across the organization, as an element of tracking our progress.

Among Costco’s global workforce, 54.0% identify as male and 46.0% as female.

In Supervisor Manager positions in our global operations, 63.6% identify as male and 36.4% as female.

Supervisors Managers does not include employees working in our corporate and regional o ces and pharmacies.

In the U.S., in FY21, 55.1% of non management employees identify as male, and 44.9% as female.

Of employees meeting the EEO de nition of management, 66.5% identify as male, 33.5% as female.

Black or African American, 8.1% as Asian and 4.6% as Other.

Our 10 member Board of Directors has three women and one person of color.

More information about our Diversity e orts within our communities can be found here Community Investment and with our Suppliers can be found on our Supplier Diversity Program page.

Costco employees know that an important factor in our past and future success has been and will be our commitment to simplicity, value, fairness, member service and always striving to do what is right.

Our employees are essential to teaching and reinforcing Costco’s unique culture.

It is imperative that we continue to perpetuate this culture throughout the company, wherever we do business.

We encourage an atmosphere of openness and support with our Open Door Policy, which allows any employee to discuss any issue with any level of management.

Multiple reporting options are available, ranging from the Open Door Policy to our con dential and anonymous ethics hotline available globally in multiple languages at www.costco.ethicspoint.com.

We also conduct employee surveys to obtain feedback concerning ethics, compliance and engagement.

Our business is successful not only when we provide quality merchandise at a good value for our members, but also when we make a positive contribution to the well being of the communities where we do business and where our employees, members and suppliers live and work.

Costco's commitment is to be active in our local communities.

We have a Charitable Contributions Committee that meets quarterly to determine which programs to support and how to best meet the needs within our communities.

We budget 1% of pretax pro ts for selected charitable contributions focused on children, education, and health and human services.

In scal year 2021, we contributed over 58 million to disaster relief and to hundreds of organizations through a variety of charitable programs and grants, including 1 million to the Vaccine Equity Initiative, which expanded vaccine access to hardest hit, underserved communities.

American Red Cross, College Success Foundation, Thurgood Marshall College Fund, United Negro College Fund, and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.

Visit the list of our top U.S. recipients for FY2021.

We provide nancial assistance to underrepresented minorities, including scholarships and other educational opportunities to help ll the nancial gap.

We also o er access for many deserving students to enhance their education.

In the past 21 years, we’ve raised over 65 million through the Costco Scholarship Fund for scholarships for underrepresented minorities to attend the University of Washington or Seattle University over 2,000 scholarships have been awarded We’ve donated over 65.8 million to other schools and organizations for scholarships and educational opportunities for underrepresented minorities.

In 2021 alone, we donated over 5.8 million for scholarships and other educational opportunities We’ve helped establish and have donated 10 million to the College Success Foundation, which is dedicated to supporting underserved, low income students beginning in middle school and continuing through college.

More information about our charitable programs can be found on the Charitable Contributions page.

During 2021, many food banks were a ected by COVID 19.

There were shortages in volunteers, donation pickup interruptions and an overall increase in need from communities all over the world.

Our goal was to continue to donate as much as possible to the communities where we operate to support those in need.

In scal year 2021, we contributed 3.5M in cash grants and over 70 million pounds of food and other products from our U.S. warehouses and depots to Feeding America.

All of our international locations also donate to local food banks.

Our food donation programs are part of our Waste Minimization Programs and we follow the Food Waste Hierarchy to prevent wasting food and to keep food out of land lls.

More information about food donations can be found on the Waste Minimization page.

In addition, we make e orts in multiple ways that enhance food security for millions of people through our o erings of a ordable and nutritious food.

To learn more, review our Report on Food Security.

Costco continues to grow its program with World Vision to donate rst quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or returned to the supplier.

In scal year 2021, we donated to people in need in 32 countries.

The primary objective of the BEDF is to target Black led or Black owned nancial institutions, developers, businesses, and anchor institutions with improved access to capital in order to incentivize economic activity and wealth building opportunities in Black communities across America.

EOCLF will partner with Community Development Financial Institutions to improve access to capital for minority entrepreneurs and also provide coaching and mentorship.

Costco Wholesale is committed to working with quali ed minority and women owned suppliers in the communities where we do business.

This is consistent with our overall commitment as a company to foster an inclusive environment, free from inequity and unlawful discrimination.

More information can be found on the Supplier Diversity page.

More information about our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion practices can be found on our Employees page.

Watch this video to learn more about how Costco employees engage with the community.

Over 70% of eligible locations participate with over 2,600 volunteers contributing their time to this successful program.

Due to COVID 19, we paused this program and anticipate we will begin again in FY22.

Products and Services Costco provides low cost, quality eye care through independent optometrists and our optical departments, hearing aid services and supplies in our hearing aid centers, and prescriptions and other health related products in our pharmacies.

Costco also provides u shots and other immunizations, health screenings, and other health related programs.

In FY20, we donated and or provided at cost hospitals and government agencies with masks, hand sanitizers, surface wipes, gloves and personal care items to help them respond to COVID 19.

In FY21, we continued to provide COVID 19 support by providing vaccines as referenced below.

Specialty drug customized pharmacy services that require patient speci c dosing and careful clinical management.

More information can be found at Specialty Drug Programs.

Access to naloxone without a prescription in 44 states Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico.

Naloxone is a life saving medication that reverses an opioid overdose, and is part of the national strategy to combat the opioid overdose epidemic.

Prescriptions for contraceptives in California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah and Washington, with the intent to roll out the program where allowed by law.

Travel Medicine Services in California, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Oregon, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin, which includes a pre travel consultation to determine any health risks based on your itinerary and activities, a review of your health history and immunization status, tips on how to stay healthy during your trip, and a list of the recommended immunizations and medications.

Costco Pharmacies have given over 615,000 COVID vaccines to date, including partnering with local school districts and organizations.

Pharmacy Bene t Programs (PBM) Costco Health Solutions o ers an alternative prescription bene ts program dedicated to delivering the best pharmacy care to employers and their members.

This includes a full spectrum of cost e ective, high quality clinical programs that provide members with the care they need to help meet their health and quality of life goals.

Our PBM program guarantees that 100% of all discounts from manufacturers for prescriptions will be passed back to the client.

Companies that participate in Costco’s prescription bene t program typically reduce costs by 10 to 25%.

Independent Doctors of Optometry located at or next to Costco Optical in most states.

Licensed and or Certi ed Opticians to answer eye care questions.

Hearing Aid Services Costco has 715 hearing aid centers worldwide, sta ed by licensed hearing aid specialists.

As a result, Costco has helped over 1,015 people in the U.S. become hearing aid specialists since 2006.

Costco's sustainability commitment also focuses on managing our operation of over 815 locations worldwide in an energy e cient and environmentally responsible manner.

Our e orts involve sustainability assessments, including energy and resource consumption reviews within our operations.

We remain committed to improving our energy systems controls and performance and to the reduction and diversion of waste throughout our operations.

This supports our mission to remain a low cost operator, as we remain focused on programs that best serve our communities, promote environmental stewardship and reduce our carbon footprint.

Costco is aware of its responsibility to design and construct its sites and buildings in an energy e cient, sustainable and environmentally responsible manner.

Costco’s Minhang building quali ed for the Green Building Design 2 star certi cate.

Costco continues to improve the design and construction of its buildings, as technological advancements in these areas and building materials improve.

Engineering and design improvements have resulted in the use of less materials, such as columns and I beams, while providing more strength.

Costco prefers full metal buildings in order to use the maximum amount of recycled material and reduce construction and maintenance costs.

When it makes sense, Costco incorporates adaptive reuse, which refers to the process of reusing an existing building for a purpose other than for which it was originally built or designed.

Besides being a part of our sustainability e orts to responsibly construct our buildings with the least amount of environmental impact, in some cases adaptive reuse supports historic preservation.

In Thorncli e Park, Ontario, Canada, our warehouse located in suburban Toronto is part of a building built in 1964, designated as a heritage site and considered one of the last remaining examples of mid 20th century modernist commercial architecture in the region.

Costco architects devised a solution for saving the historic facade through the incorporation of the warehouse entry and food court.

In Stevenage, England, we incorporated the concept of adaptive reuse of a building originally designed and constructed in 1963 in consultation with F lix Candela, the Spanish Mexican architect.

Besides helping to preserve a historically and architecturally important structure, we were able to use less new building material.

In Coralville, Iowa, United States, the L shape property, which included two pre existing warehouses joined at one corner, was redesigned to accommodate our business needs.

Adapting the existing buildings reduced construction costs by approximately 5 million, and created convenient, out of the weather access for members.

Additionally, the garage mitigates the signi cant cost of snow removal during Iowa’s sometimes harsh winters.

To reduce the use of virgin resources, materials are selected that utilize high percentages of recycled content.

New U.S., Canada, Mexico, and some international locations in Spain, Taiwan, and Australia utilize prefabricated structural steel systems, which is 80% recycled content.

Costco often incorporates existing structures into its designs.

Metal building insulation utilizes ECOSE Technology, which contains an average of 76.98% recycled content.

Recycled asphalt is used in some new parking lots with recycled concrete as a base material.

Roofs maintain a re ectance rating of .68, emittance of .25 and SRI of 63, lessening the heat gain on the roof.

The erection e ciency of the structural system (columns, beams, trusses and bracing) and envelope (metal roof and siding) reduce the overall construction duration, saving time and money.

High e ciency restroom xtures save 40% more water.

Mechanical heat from refrigeration systems is captured to preheat hot water tanks.

Site designs take into account the surrounding environment and ecosystems, are mindful of wetlands and habitats, and preserve natural wonders.

Landscapes exceed minimum requirements in order to create high impact and beautiful landscapes appropriate to the location.

In comparison to typical development standards, Costco provides larger trees, greater planting density, drought tolerant species, native vegetation and less manicured lawns.

Costco continues to experiment with vegetation removal using goats, with programs in Oregon, Texas and Washington.

These programs can save the company money in landscaping costs and eliminate the use of herbicides to kill unwanted and invasive vegetation.

Costco continues to look for opportunities to expand this program where it makes sense.

Natural preservation of natural wonders or indigenous lands is also important to Costco and our landscaping designs try to take this into account.

The Merida, Mexico, location has a cenote (a natural sinkhole that can be lled with groundwater) onsite that was repaired and cleaned, and is named Kakutzal, a Mayan word meaning back to life or rebirth.

Onlookers can view the beauty of the natural anomaly from above from a bridge incorporated into the property.

The SW Calgary, Alberta, Canada, warehouse is located on the lands of Tsuu T’Ina First Nations People in a commercial development reserve named Taza.

Together Costco and the Tsuu T’Ina determined how to blend the building into its environment in order to honor the Tsuu T’lna’s intent that Taza be a 100% carbon neutral development, which re ects the heritage of the plains, using only native plant and tree species in its landscaping.

Costco understands that the interrelationship between energy usage and refrigeration management is a key component to the reduction of our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions.

As regulations change related to refrigerant types allowed for commercial use, e orts to install and or upgrade our global refrigeration systems will continue to be a focal point.

Additionally, purchased electricity is the largest source of our Scope 2 carbon emissions and is also a signi cant annual expense.

When we reduce our usage, we save expenses, which helps us to remain a low cost operator and we reduce our emissions.

More information about our Scope 1 and 2 emissions can be found in our Climate Action Plan.

We continue to use monitoring solutions and tools to identify energy consumption opportunities throughout our operations.

To further enhance this e ort we use the actionable data from these monitoring systems to equip our global operations with ways to identify opportunities to reduce energy consumption.

Costco continues to implement enhanced processes, procedures and energy management systems to aid in consumption awareness, engaging site sta in realizing operational energy system e ciencies and controls.

In addition, Costco has rolled out training and tools to support global site tracking and reporting of GHG carbon emissions source data.

Our process for emissions tracking includes a step by step reference guide (Global Carbon Emissions Reporting Guide) to support Costco owned or leased sites, including: warehouses, business centers, depots, distribution facilities, delivery operations, manufacturing sites and o ces.

The process involves tracking of all Scope 1 sources at each location.

Purchases for fuel, dry ice and CO2 (consumed) and or refrigerant lls are tracked.

These totals are then entered into Costco's emissions platform at each site.

Technical Assistance Reviews (STARs), which assess operational e orts to engage in Costco's Sustainability programs, which includes reducing energy.

More information about the STAR can be found on our Environmental Compliance and Climate Action Plan pages.

We continue to improve the e ciency of refrigeration and HVAC systems by exploring and implementing new designs to maximize energy and water consumption e ciencies, while reducing potential for global warming as systems are considered for each site design application.

In order to stay abreast of regulatory changes and new technological advancements, Costco holds annual training sessions for our global Sustainability and Compliance teams.

It is here that we share and learn about best practices, to increase awareness about the importance of climate change, and to learn how to reduce our carbon footprint and save energy, all of which in turn saves money.

Costco continues to implement improved systems and technologies in order to save energy and reduce our carbon footprint throughout our locations worldwide.

In 2020, U.S. locations began testing the use of display case shields (above photo) to reduce energy use.

The shields are utilized during hours warehouses are closed to reduce power use while maintaining product temperature.

As a result, there is less load on the refrigeration system with improved product temperature maintenance.

Energy Management and Lighting Management Systems continue to be used globally to allow control of heating and cooling set points, lighting schedules, and system troubleshooting.

Costco continues to enhance system tools and reporting to improve visibility to peak kwH consumption related to both lighting and refrigeration systems.

As of 2020, new assessments for U.S. locations include a review of site peak consumption to identify and support maximizing energy e ciencies.

Beginning in 2019, Mexico locations have used a new energy measurement project to provide real time kwH consumption assessments.

Through FY2021, the project identi ed energy saving opportunities in several locations to improve e ciency in refrigeration, HVAC and lighting.

Given the success of the project, these measuring systems will be rolled out to additional locations.

Locations in the UK have completed LED lighting conversions and have installed Voltage Optimization units at all locations to regulate optimize incoming voltage which ensure operational e ciency.

Locations in South Korea are equipped with centralized re and energy monitoring and control systems.

Other monitoring systems, including electrical, gas, refrigeration and elevator systems, are managed by a certi ed, on site professional.

As an example, the ventilation system and HVAC can be programmed or manually controlled by the centralized system relative to outside environments (temperature, humidity and wind) to maintain the optimal indoor atmosphere and refrigeration, and to maximize the energy conservation.

Each location examines monthly energy consumption to identify opportunities to improve e ciencies, accordingly.

Taiwan utilizes an operations energy management system to drive consumption e ciency through focused training and review of utilities (gas, electricity and water systems) usage and optimization measures.

Iceland’s geothermal system produces hot water that provides space heating and hot water supplies throughout the location.

In addition, this system facilitates snowmelt to free up sidewalks and key areas in front of the building, including the gas station forecourt ( lling area) and the receiving (freight area) ramp.

Costco continued to increase the number of locations with solar photovoltaic systems to 120 locations throughout the United States and in Spain, the UK, Taiwan, Japan and Australia as of the end of FY21.

Additionally, some locations have implemented the use of solar power in the parking lots.

The conversion to LED ceiling lights in older U.S. buildings that began in 2016 continued in FY21 and is largely completed, with an estimated energy savings of over 235 million kWh per year.

In addition, LED conversions continue throughout the company and include exterior lighting, ancillary departments, point of sale refrigerated boxes and gas stations.

Lighting in new construction utilizes LED technology.

In 2017, Costco began piloting the use of fuel cells as an additional source for generating on site electricity.

Costco recognizes that refrigerants have a major impact on our climate.

We continue to explore new refrigerant technologies and carefully select refrigerants that are low in Global Warming Potential (GWP) and reduce GHG emissions.

We work with certi ed contractors who adhere to best management practices in the installation, maintenance and decommissioning of equipment and to control leaks impacting the environment.

We have a multifaceted plan to address energy and emissions that continues to expand as we learn more and as new governmental regulations are implemented.

Reviewing our cooling and heating systems with an approach to integrate them with our refrigeration systems for optimal performance Piloting various systems to detect refrigerant leaks Eliminating skylights in new construction and covering skylights in existing locations to lessen the workload of HVAC systems Purchasing renewable energy and or installation of solar energy systems where feasible SOPs and employee trainings to address refrigeration maintenance and energy consumption Migrating to CO2 refrigerants where it is operationally viable and as of the end of FY21, CO2 is currently in use in select locations in the U.S., Canada, Spain, the UK, Iceland and Australia Equipping buildings with state of the art leak detection systems to identify refrigerant leaks, and triggering system alerts to support more expedient leak detection for faster resolution Enhancing location level collection of refrigerant leak data Considering systems for reducing potential for global warming for each site design application.

An example of this would be in high ambient temperature climates, Costco has installed adiabatic systems that are hybrid systems and use an energy e cient combination of fans and water to cool refrigeration systems throughout the day Working with certi ed contractors that adhere to best management practices in the installation, maintenance, and decommissioning of equipment, and to control leaks impacting the environment Installing new equipment in California with a capacity of 50 pounds or greater (22.7kg) required to use refrigerants with a GWP of less than 150.

Installing insulated doors to the walk in refrigeration point of sale coolers in our U.S. and Mexico locations, which are closed when we are not open.

These doors allow point of sale coolers to maintain temperature more easily while putting less stress on the refrigeration system.

While we originally estimated annual savings of 95,000 kWh per location, we learned that after analyzing our data for insulated doors in place for at least a year, the actual savings are 25,000 to 35,000 kWh per location.

Given these continued savings, we will continue to add the insulated doors in our new locations and remodels when appropriate.

Costco’s core objectives include optimizing and streamlining our ordering and distribution systems.

We aim to reduce our carbon emissions by seeking ocean, rail and road transportation e ciencies.

We also strive to improve delivery eet e ciencies and we support our employees’ e orts to reduce their transportation energy consumption.

Costco’s depots (distribution centers) help reduce delivery costs by utilizing cross dock systems for handling full pallets of merchandise from suppliers to warehouses (selling locations).

Costco continually evaluates its processes and implements ways to improve shipping e ciencies.

These measures include optimizing packaging design and pallet con guration resulting in more products on a pallet, while striving to reduce packaging, protect merchandise and reduce delivery trucks on the road.

Another way Costco reduces costs is by analyzing state weight and length oversize permits, and by using specialized equipment where geographically possible to handle heavier loads.

Costco also employs longer combination vehicles to maximize trailer utilization.

In 2021, we began an electric tractor pilot to determine its e ciency when evaluating maintenance, loadable weights, routes and the length of hauls between charging.

We also started testing electric terminal tractors and are receiving good feedback from our drivers.

Future rollout of both vehicles will be determined upon completion of the pilot and test programs.

The transportation team always looks for ways to reduce empty miles involving trucks returning to the depots from the warehouses (known as reverse logistics ) to improve e ciencies, save costs and take more trucks o the road, which reduces carbon emissions.

Picking up truckloads of merchandise that are destined for a Costco depot for distribution to a regional group of warehouses Loading trailers with returned goods that are headed to salvagers or need to be returned to the supplier, and consolidating those shipments into truckloads Growing the World Vision program to donate many of these goods to communities in need worldwide.

In addition, these streamlined reverse logistics programs help us to reduce our merchandise handling costs and or help free up sales oor space in the warehouses.

Some of Costco’s distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada also serve as ful llment centers for our Ecommerce business.

The strategic locations and procedures implemented provide us with business e ciencies that reduce expenses, our shipping footprint, carbon emissions and packaging.

You can learn more about our sustainable packaging practices on our Packaging page.

Costco's Business Delivery eet continues to expand its internal initiative called Truck of the Future, which is aimed at maximizing e ciency in our growing delivery eets.

In 2018, Costco successfully eld tested a customized vehicle with Penske Truck Leasing that improves the payload capacity by reducing body weight.

This lighter truck increased the miles per gallon, lowering our fuel costs and carbon footprint.

In 2020, we continued the rollout that started in 2019 of these vehicles, and will continue as we add and renew eet leases.

Costco Business Delivery Centers also have implemented procedures to use electric plug in shore power, tying into the grid to allow our refrigerated trucks to maintain temperature while being loaded and stored.

This eliminates the previous practice of running the diesel reefer engine, thereby saving fuel and eliminating carbon emissions by over 70 percent for each truck that uses shore power.

Additionally, the Business Delivery eet utilizes telematics a standard option routing system now on all 2017 and newer Hino Trucks.

This allows Costco to identify opportunities to enhance mileage consumption through e cient routing that also decreases idle time.

In FY20, Costco acquired Innovel Solutions (since renamed Costco Logistics), a third party, end to end logistics company that provides nal mile delivery across the U.S. and Puerto Rico, complete installation, white glove capabilities for big and bulky products, and dedicated call centers.

With over 1,500 new employees, and over 100 facilities, we are able to improve and grow our Ecommerce sales of big and bulky items at a faster rate, while also improving overall member service and speed of delivery for these items.

Costco continues to encourage its employees to utilize alternative forms of transportation with the goal of reducing energy consumption, emissions and commuter gridlock.

The Commute Trip Reduction (CTR) program began more than 20 years ago at the corporate o ce with 18 vanpools, and by early 2020, had grown to 69 vans with 494 riders.

The ongoing pandemic and remote working opportunities have signi cantly decreased employee need and or interest in vanpools.

At the end of scal year 2021, we had 37 active vans, with 29 currently operating on a weekly basis.

Vans, fuel, maintenance and insurance are provided by ve local transit agencies.

Employees also receive a substantial nancial subsidy from Costco, which in many cases covers their entire monthly commute expenses.

Employees who regularly ride the bus are also eligible for this nancial subsidy.

Costco also has vanpools at its San Diego, Los Angeles and Mexico City regional o ces, as well as many Costco warehouses.

In May 2019, Costco’s corporate o ces began a pilot program with Waze Carpool for employees who want to commute more e ciently, yet lack the exibility or consistency required to commit to a vanpool.

This program allows us to track metrics monthly, including the number of carpools, average commuting distance, total miles carpooled and C02e avoided.

Waze Carpool partnership, we are aware there are some employees that continue to utilize this program.

Additionally we continue to have many employees who choose to informally carpool with coworkers.

We also o er secure bicycle storage facilities and locker room use for employees who choose to ride to work.

Finally, recharging stations are available at our corporate o ces for employees who drive electric vehicles.

Costco continues to increase available electric vehicle charging stations and now has 14 locations (including the corporate o ce), supporting 50 charging stations.

Costco understands our potential impact on the global waste stream and greenhouse gas emissions caused by waste.

Our goal is to continually decrease the amount of our waste going to land lls, with a goal to divert 80% of our waste.

In scal year 2021, Costco reported a diversion rate of 78.3%, with 12 regions reporting.

We are continuing to develop our reporting systems that further re ne our diversion rate for all regions where we operate, and to further include all ancillary business operations.

Costco’s current goal is to divert 80% of waste generated within our global operations.

We de ne waste diversion as the total tons (measured in U.S. tons) of waste that is not directly dumped into land ll sites or burned at incineration facilities that do not create energy.

We include Waste to Energy as part of our diversion program.

Other diversion examples include donations, anaerobic digestion, recycling, composting and animal feed.

Costco is committed to expanding these programs through partnerships, enhanced e ciencies and emerging technologies.

For more information, please view Costco's Global Waste Diversion Summary.

This year's diversion rate increase re ects an abnormal year due to COVID 19 and the inclusion of our ancillary businesses.

During a portion of FY21, dining areas were not open and samples were reduced which generated less waste.

Additional reasons for this increase is our continued e ort to prioritize food bank donations and recycling programs.

More information can be found in our 2021 August Costco Connection article, Do not discard.

E ective waste diversion conserves natural resources, saves energy, and reduces expenses and emissions.

By diverting waste from the land ll, Costco increases the e ciency of waste hauling from our locations, which reduces fuel consumption, CO2 emissions generated from transportation and hauling costs.

Costco continues to examine waste disposal programs to maximize e ciency and to reduce costs.

In the U.S., we use trash compactor monitors to ensure that we are maximizing the amount of waste being transported.

We are currently monitoring 244 compactors to ensure full capacity for hauling.

This is an increase from 179 units last scal year, and we are continuously looking to add additional systems where it makes sense.

Focusing on operational waste will allow us to take actionable measures to reduce waste sent to land ll that emits methane during the decomposition process.

In FY21, Costco developed a global baseline for total waste emissions.

We estimate our total Scope 3 (GHG Protocol Category 5) waste emissions for all reporting Costco locations for FY21 is 147,138 mtCO2e based upon the total tonnage to land ll and total tonnage diverted using the DEFRA protocol.

For more information on emissions, see our Climate Action Plan page.

For food waste, we follow the above Food Waste Hierarchy, as de ned by the Federal EPA. Costco recognizes the global impact of food waste, and we are developing new systems to track and reduce food waste within our operations.

There are numerous ways we reduce food waste at source and within our operations through the creation of new items.

At source, three Costco suppliers are working with the Equitable Food Initiative and Measure to Improve to pilot a waste reduction and tracking program that expands their worker engagement e orts to include a sustainability focus.

Through this pilot, suppliers will assess and implement programs to reduce materials waste, food loss and ultimately greenhouse gas emissions.

The three farming operations partnering in this initiative are Andrew Williamson Fresh Produce GoodFarms, Misionero and Windset Farms.

Please see additional examples of source reduction on the Kirkland Signature page.

In our operations, unsold rotisserie chickens are made into deli entrees.

Our delis continuously work to improve their procedures to reduce the amount of unsold chickens through improved e ciencies.

In the U.S. from FY20 to FY21, our deli department decreased unsold chickens reducing 68,332 pounds of excess rotisserie chickens.

Converting croissants into an Almond Croissant dessert item sold in Japan Sourcing ground beef from our own meat department to produce stu ed peppers and meatloaf in our deli saving approximately 7.99 million pounds of wasted food in the U.S. in FY21 Sourcing ground beef from Canada’s meat department to create Shepherd’s Pie and Stu ed Bell Peppers similar to the U.S.

Costco locations worldwide donate edible food to food banks and other nonpro ts in their local communities.

During FY21, many food banks were a ected by COVID 19.

Due to shortages in volunteers, donation pickups were negatively impacted making it di cult in some cases to get food donations to their destination.

The global pandemic also created an overall increase in need from communities all over the world.

Our goal was to continue to donate as much as possible to all communities to support those in need.

Costco continues to expand its program and partnership with Feeding America, The Global FoodBanking Network and other local food banks to prevent food from being wasted.

Feeding America is a national organization in the U.S. that works with local food banks as a bridge with our U.S. locations.

The Global FoodBanking Network partners non U.S. locations with certi ed member organizations in order to con dently donate to entities that have established food safety standards throughout the food chain.

Through these combined e orts, we are able to provide meals to individuals and families that are food insecure.

In FY21, Costco warehouses and depots donated more than 99 million pounds of edible food products in all states and most countries regions where we operate, which represents over 82 million meals donated to people in need.

We have continued to grow our program year over year.

This year, the U.S. and Mexico added the ability to donate cooked food from our food courts by creating food safety procedures to properly cool and donate unsold items.

Costco understands the importance of the types of food donated.

In FY21, 72% of the food donated in the U.S. was in the following categories: Produce fruit vegetables (39.4%), Grains bread (21.3%) and Dairy protein (11.2%).

Feeding animals our inedible waste is important because it reduces the demand to generate new feed resources.

Additionally, our warehouses divert organic materials by supporting local donation programs, including animal sanctuaries, rescue centers, local farms and city zoos.

In Taiwan, 14 warehouses sent 8.82 million pounds of organic materials to pig farms.

In Korea, 7.28 million pounds of organic material was sent to farms to feed animals.

Our Kanazawa warehouse in Japan sent 1,118 pounds of co ee grounds to be repurposed as cattle feed.

The co ee grounds contain antioxidants to keep the cows healthy and improve the quality of milk.

Much of our organic waste is now recycled into usable products, such as organic fertilizer, biofuels and electricity.

Globally in FY21, Costco diverted over 419 million pounds of material from land lls.

Rendering from the chicken complex has been added to this year's report accounting for the large increase in rendering pounds.

The UK is actively adding food waste programs in their warehouses.

In the U.S., Canada, Korea, Iceland and China, some locations send organic waste to commercial compost facilities to create a nutrient rich soil conditioner.

Warehouses have sent 33.97 million pounds to compost facilities during FY21.

Our compactors are hauled to waste to energy facilities and land lls.

Our goal is to continuously move food waste out of compactors to more bene cial uses in the food waste hierarchy, while being compliant with regulations.

Costco continues to nd ways to reduce non food waste through e ciencies and other methods, some of which are described below.

Costco has grown its program with World Vision to donate rst quality items that used to be destroyed, recycled or returned to the supplier.

In FY21, we donated to people in need in 32 countries.

More information can be found in the Costco World Vision Summary, which contains a list of the items donated and some stories that illustrate the impact of these donations.

Besides providing items to people in need valued at over 137 million for FY21, e ciencies are also gained, including reduced trips to the land ll and savings on trash fees for both Costco and our suppliers.

The increase in this year's donations is primarily related to additional donations from Costco Logistics.

Warehouses routinely backhaul shrink wrap and corrugated material generated from daily operations to our distribution centers in order to recycle.

This practice, together with recycling at our newly acquired business, Costco Logistics, diverted over 680,186 tons of material from the land ll in FY21, while generating income and reducing our carbon footprint.

This is an increase of 80,142 tons or 13.3% over last year.

Costco recycled over 6.3 million tires in the U.S. in FY21.

While 15% of our tires are resold, over 80% are recycled into several di erent bene cial uses like tire derived fuels used primarily in cement kilns crumb rubber used as an additive for road surfaces or pervious surfaces around roads, sidewalks and pathways mine reclamation daily land ll cover and decorative mulch.

Globally, Costco diverted over 175 million pounds of tires.

Globally in FY21, Costco recycled 68.6 million pounds of auto batteries.

Costco reimburses members their core fee when batteries are returned for recycling.

Returned batteries are collected and picked up for recycling by Costco battery suppliers.

Up to 99% of a car battery is recyclable and can be used to make new batteries and other products.

Costco has established a recycling program for paper in our o ces and warehouses to capture loose paper, coupon brochures, magazines, and paperback books that are no longer usable or saleable.

In FY21, we recycled over 10.6 million pounds of paper in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan, Australia and Spain.

We continue to move to paperless programs when applicable.

In FY20, Costco piloted a program with our depots to recycle scrap metal that cannot be processed through standard single stream recycling bins.

During FY21, we have continued to expand this program.

There are currently 485 U.S. warehouses participating in this program, an increase of 400 warehouses, and we will continue to roll out to new locations where feasible.

Collectively, through our pilot program and other local scrap metal programs, Costco was able to recycle 11.1 million pounds of scrap metal in the U.S. An additional 1.3 million pounds of scrap metal was recycled in Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.

In the U.S., Japan, Korea, Taiwan and China, Costco recycled 2.1 million pounds of expanded polystyrene (foam) in FY21.

This material is densi ed and distributed to manufacturers that make picture frames, crown molding and other polystyrene products.

Hazardous materials are those products that pose a risk to the environment, human health, and or the communities we operate.

This includes common everyday items such as dish soaps, detergents, batteries, light bulbs and electronics.

Costco’s continued commitment to sustainability and waste reduction has resulted in a number of programs that help us operate e ciently and in an environmentally responsible manner when managing products that cannot be donated or salvaged.

As with other waste programs, Costco follows a similar hierarchy to reduce or eliminate hazardous waste as we do with solid waste streams.

Prevention is the most desired path when dealing with products, which are deemed hazardous.

Costco maintains a robust electronic recycling program through approved, licensed recycling vendors.

Costco is able to manage both member returns and company assets while ensuring the highest levels of sensitive data destruction alongside material recovery through the vendor’s e scrap shredding system.

In FY21, we recycled 14.6 million pounds of electronic waste in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan, Australia, Spain and France.

Household batteries and light bulbs are two of the most common items to be recycled in each location.

Each battery and bulb is broken down to its rawest parts and recycled or repurposed accordingly.

Costco recycles household batteries and light bulbs that are either returned by members or used internally in operations.

In FY21, we recycled 233,477 pounds of batteries and light bulbs in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the UK, Japan, Taiwan, Spain, France and China.

Byproducts from our fuel station operations are managed in a variety of ways aimed at waste minimization.

Used and drained fuel lters can be managed as scrap material.

Items containing ethanol such as: alcoholic spirits, perfumes, colognes, cough syrup, vanilla extract and hand sanitizers are hauled o site, depacked and shredded at downstream facilities.

The liquids are collected from the shredding process and batched for ethanol recovery.

Various methods are used to separate and collect ethanol for nal reuse as additives to new products or liquid fuels.

Water is a precious and limited resource that cannot be wasted.

With rising temperatures, water use is also rising, causing water shortage concerns throughout the world.

Costco understands the importance of water conservation and in scal year 2021 adopted Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6 Clean Water and Sanitation as one of our SDG goals.

We have implemented comprehensive water management programs to help us reduce operational water waste and improve the quality of both our wastewater and stormwater discharges.

Costco continues to drive operational e ciency by lowering overall operating costs through the elimination of waste in water consumption.

Ultimately, this reduces related sewer, energy and maintenance costs.

We are assessing our current water management systems to consider new and emerging technologies.

Considering our operational water volumes for all U.S. and international sites, we are seeking technologies that deliver high quality, real time performance data and leak and or consumption anomalies for our operations.

Our construction team is seeking innovative metering and management solutions systems to support all U.S. and international sites with alerts to address equipment repairs and to assess and optimize water consumption in our operations.

We recognize water management is a top priority when considering operational waste controls, in establishing baseline performance, in targeting e ciencies and in considering innovative ways to drive improved performance by site.

Various water management systems are currently installed in our warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Korea and Japan.

We intend to expand monitoring systems to our other locations worldwide.

While landscaping is important for the beauty it provides, as well as the preservation of natural habitat, Costco also understands the need to be responsible regarding our irrigation practices and in managing the quality of our stormwater discharge.

By using water monitoring systems, Costco is able to reduce water waste and protect assets such as parking lot surfaces, retaining walls, and building foundations.

This helps our operators identify issues immediately and avoid expensive repairs later.

Each U.S. Costco location has wastewater and stormwater plans and procedures to ensure that we remain in compliance with local and federal regulations.

Managers throughout the U.S. who, in partnership with our corporate water systems team, work directly with all locations to track and respond to water waste or quality concerns.

International locations are also focusing on waste and stormwater management.

Locations in the Texas and Southeast regions are utilizing a program to reduce water usage by changing the way they clean the breezeway at the location entrance.

They changed from pressure washing to using the ride on oor scrubber.

Annual water usage was reduced from 66,000 gallons per year to less than 9,000 gallons based on a three times per week schedule.

In some U.S. and Canada locations we are testing a system to capture condensation from the EVAC systems to be used to ll oor scrubbers, saving thousands of gallons of municipal water each year.

In Australia, rainwater is captured and stored onsite for use in toilets, cooling refrigeration systems and irrigation.

In the Los Angeles region, we are using a water capture system to harvest rain water and refrigeration condensate that is stored on site in large, underground cisterns.

If the tanks are ever completely full the location issues the water back to the city.

In several Arizona locations, we are reducing the amount of municipal water by changing the method of treating hard water used in our cooling towers.

By removing damage causing minerals we were able to reuse the water more often to cool the refrigeration coils.

We are able to track the water savings using water metering and estimate an annual savings of 995,000 gallons per location, per year.

In addition, removing minerals from the process has the potential to extend the refrigeration equipment’s life span.

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken and romaine lettuce produced in new, vertically integrated facilities.

Both facilities have been designed with water preservation, re use, e ciency and treatment in mind.

Costco worked with the City of Fremont, Nebraska, to expand their wastewater treatment plant in order to ensure that the wastewater generated at the chicken plant is treated before returning to the municipal wastewater treatment plant.

In addition, through a process of air chilling, data suggests substantial water savings of 2 million gallons per week in comparison to typical water chill processing.

At the romaine lettuce greenhouse, early estimates indicate that 80% less water will be used in comparison to conventional farming and that there will be 0% wastewater runo .

In addition, the water not absorbed by the plant through transpiration, which is about 80%, is recycled.

Digital water metering identi es spikes in usage that indicate a potential leak or equipment malfunction.

With real time monitoring, these spikes can be addressed immediately.

Every wash has a reclaim system to lter and recycle water to be used for everything that does not require fresh water.

Water main shut o valves are utilized when the car wash is not in use.

All car washes strictly follow water usage permits and requirements.

Costco continually works to enhance and streamline training programs to ensure compliance with environmental regulations worldwide, as well as our internal policies and programs.

Over the past several years, we have implemented a comprehensive environmental compliance program, including but not limited to storm water, sanitary water use, wetlands, environmental mitigation, endangered species, air quality, etc, for any and all inspections, maintenance and reporting for all of our properties, including our warehouses (retail locations) as well as our industrial properties (manufacturing, distribution, logistics, etc.).

Environmental compliance, coupled with our corporate sustainability initiatives, and working with our operators, facilities and property management team remain a high priority for us.

We continue to develop a global team who work in conjunction with representatives from numerous departments throughout the company to review and identify opportunities to enhance compliance and sustainability programs and policies, as well as to ensure our company remains in compliance with regulatory requirements.

Team members also support location operators in daily operations, training and educational opportunities.

Finally, team members have been instrumental in helping us implement our Climate Action Plan.

In 2021, we held our third annual Global Sustainability Summit.

The purpose of these summits are to share best practices, review compliance, and discuss upcoming projects, with the goal of creating a consistent and global approach to environmental compliance, while also respecting local laws and regulations.

Assistance Review (STAR) to formalize standards and requirements in ve key focus areas.

The STAR rolled out in September 2020 across the United States.

By working toward STAR goals, Costco is building the capabilities to track compliance and dynamically monitor resource use at all our warehouses at an individual and aggregate level.

Our aim is to integrate the people, systems, policies, data, and standard operating procedures in support of the following ve focus areas: (1) ensure environmental compliance, (2) minimize water usage, (3) minimize energy consumption, (4) increase waste diversion, and (5) reduce carbon emissions.

Enhanced dashboarding and reporting capabilities added in 2021 allow us to respond more quickly as opportunities present themselves.

In 2021 we digitized our environmental regulatory documents, waste manifests, and several checklists to aid in both accuracy and e ciency while reducing operator fatigue.

Station) to bring refrigeration, burglary and re monitoring of locations in house.

Costco is committed to providing our members with high quality goods at the lowest possible price in a way that is respectful to the environment and to the people and animals that produce these goods.

There are many factors that go into how we source our goods.

Over the years, we have continued to expand our focus and dive deeper into issues such as human rights further down the supply chain, environmental issues, water stewardship, animal welfare, chemical use, packaging and sheries.

In scal year 2021, we enhanced our e orts to work with quali ed minority and women owned suppliers in the communities where we do business.

More information can be found on our Supplier Diversity page.

While a majority of our merchandise is branded, Costco’s line of exclusive, private label products called Kirkland Signature continues to grow and expand and more information is available on our Kirkland Signature page.

In addition, we have provided further information by speci c product in our Product Categories pages of this Merchandising Section.

Below provides an easy reference to the topics that go into our sourcing decisions.

Costco is committed to protecting the human rights, safety and dignity of the people who contribute to the success of our business.

We also seek to support the welfare of the people who produce, process, harvest and transport the products we sell.

As a retailer with 288,000 employees worldwide and a merchandise supply chain spanning the globe, we recognize the impact we can have on human rights.

We have adopted policies and procedures around key human rights topics, guided by our Code of Ethics, which are important to all levels of our organization.

Our employee related rights are overseen and managed by senior management for each business unit.

Our work in supply chain related human rights is overseen by the head of Global Sustainability Compliance, who reports directly to Costco’s CEO.

In general, suppliers are contractually required to follow our Supplier Code of Conduct.

Ethics are routinely highlighted at various events for both employees and suppliers to clearly communicate Costco’s commitments to human rights.

Conduct and their speci c role in supporting it within our supply chains.

At Costco, we believe in the importance of respecting the rights of our workforce and treating our employees with dignity and respect.

Most of our employees are hourly employees in warehouses and distribution centers.

We believe in promoting from within our employee ranks and want to ensure all employees receive equal and competitive wages and bene ts, and have opportunities to grow.

We are also invested in attracting and retaining talent, and creating a safe and productive work environment.

Read more about our speci c programs and commitments on our Employee page.

We aim to contribute to the health and well being of the communities where we do business, and where our employees and members live and work.

We conduct charitable donations focused on children, education, and health and human services, and provide nancial assistance to underrepresented minorities.

We also have community investment programs in place to support economic development in communities of color.

More information can be found on our Communities page.

We recognize the importance of respecting human rights throughout our supply chain and live by our Supplier Code of Conduct in how we approach our business.

This Code is global in its scope, and applies to all suppliers and their facilities, as well as to Costco owned manufacturing facilities.

Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP).

We also have dedicated programs and initiatives, which vary by industry and geography, to support the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, mitigate the risks of child and forced labor, and strengthen our broader sustainability e orts.

Examples of these programs can be found in the Merchandising section.

The Code was established to protect the human rights and safety of the people who produce, process and or harvest the products we sell, while recognizing and respecting the cultural and legal di erences found worldwide.

Prohibits slave labor, human tra cking, illegal child labor, illegal prison labor, physical and sexual abuse, bribery or attempted bribery, and health and safety conditions posing immediate risk to life and limb Expects our suppliers to comply, at a minimum, with the applicable labor and environmental laws and regulations of the country where the merchandise is produced Encourages our suppliers to work to achieve Above and Beyond Goals Currently allows suppliers to use legal prison labor, to support rehabilitation and restitution, under speci c conditions, which are outlined in our Global Policy on Prison Labor.

We continue to transition away from our limited use as set forth in our 2022 Statement on Prison Labor.

Accordingly, we take a risk based approach with respect to targeting audits and otherwise seeking to con rm compliance.

Forced Labor, U.S. State Department Tra cking in Persons Report, and World Bank World Governance Indicators.

We emphasize auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature merchandise and suppliers whose product or country of origin poses an increased risk.

To support our risk assessment, we partnered with Verisk Maplecroft to analyze our supply chain data with various political, human rights, economic and environmental risk indices.

This will help us to direct limited resources to the areas of highest social and environmental risks.

We are beginning to expand the scope of our audits to include on farm audits for produce and fabric mill audits for Kirkland Signature apparel.

In FY21, over 4,500 independent third party audits were conducted.

For facilities considered intermediate to high risk, audits are required annually at a minimum, and more frequently if corrective actions to Code violations require onsite veri cation.

These audits are carried out on a partially announced basis, providing the facility with a two week window of when the audit may take place.

This limited amount of advanced notice is to take the facility’s security measures into consideration and to allow the supplier to collect records that are reviewed during the audit.

Fully unannounced audits are carried out on occasion, typically in response to tips received by our con dential ethics hotline.

All audits include both the workplace where production takes place, as well as any onsite worker housing.

All audits are required to be conducted by a member of the Association of Professional Social Compliance Auditors (APSCA). As an industry association whose members represent a substantial majority of the Social Compliance audit industry, APSCA exists to enhance the professionalism, consistency and credibility of the individuals and organizations performing independent social compliance audits.

For suppliers that are in full compliance with our Code of Conduct, subsequent audits may be less frequent.

We recognize there is room for continuous improvement and that some suppliers will need assistance with compliance.

For suppliers with audits that reveal the need for improvement, Costco requires Corrective Action Plans, and often re audits to determine progress.

Costco also o ers other capacity building services that improve management systems to address the causes of previous violations of the Code, including eLearning video courses (in the local language), which correlate to the violations cited.

Ultimately, Costco prefers to work with suppliers and their facilities to correct Code violations rather than apply sanctions that may cause further hardship to workers and their families who depend upon the employment.

Depending on the severity or lack of remediation of a Code violations, we reserve the right to terminate our relationship or purchase orders with a supplier and their facility and have done so.

We seek to mitigate the impacts of COVID 19 on workers in our supply chains.

With regard to worker safety, in FY20 we incorporated a COVID 19 Preparedness Observations Checklist in each of our on site audits, which continues to date.

This has helped educate suppliers on best practices for protecting their workforce and assess suppliers’ alignment with that guidance.

Where circumstances have restricted the ability to conduct independent on site audits, we o er suppliers a self assessment (including a remote review of documentation) and worker survey.

This is to further the safety and security of our suppliers’ workers and that of the auditors.

In 2021, Costco continued programs to educate our employees with relevant responsibilities on the importance of our Code of Conduct, through updated virtual training and in person presentations to review our Code of Conduct requirements.

Supplier Code of Conduct, and other legal and ethical policies: www.costco.ethicspoint.com.

When we receive inquiries, we investigate appropriately and depending upon the issue, may work with suppliers directly, conduct independent third party audits, and may terminate our relationship with suppliers if appropriate remedial action is not taken.

We recognize that human tra cking is a serious global problem and are taking steps to bring awareness and improvement to the issue.

We also understand that sex tra cking (including the commercial exploitation of children), occurs in the hospitality industry and as such work with our Costco Travel suppliers to bring awareness to this issue.

We also work with Truckers Against Tra cking to educate our eet drivers, as well as other trucking service suppliers.

In response to human rights abuses in parts of Africa, Costco has adopted a Con ict Minerals Policy Statement.

More information can be found in our Form SD and Con ict Minerals Report.

Areas as de ned by the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development.

LBMA. We have developed a third party chain of custody review to support veri cation of the data identifying supply chain links back to the smelter re nery level.

Costco is a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), which is a resource to help companies address responsible sourcing of minerals.

Template to trace the supply chain, and the RMI’s Responsible Minerals Assurance Process and database to monitor smelters and re ners in our supply chain that are likely to supply minerals of 3TG (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold), and cobalt.

Costco also leverages its membership to learn about emerging issues and best practices on responsible mineral sourcing, and to work on addressing shared challenges.

Costco recognizes that collaboration with multi stakeholder coalitions is key to addressing many of the issues we face, as social compliance audits alone will not fully address the complex issues in global supply chains.

Therefore, we have joined multiple e orts to help improve the working conditions of people within our supply chains.

We helped organize and are an active member of the Seafood Task Force (STF), a collaboration tackling human rights and environmental issues in the Thai shrimp and canned tuna supply chains.

The Task Force includes representatives from Thai shrimp feed manufacturers, shrimp and tuna processors, certain major retailers in the U.S. and Europe, and nongovernmental organizations.

Learn how the Seafood Task Force is working to drive accountability, increase transparency and build con dence in seafood supply chains in its 10 Point Action Plan.

In November 2020, the STF implemented a new Monitoring and Evaluation Model focused on traceability, accountability and veri cation to demonstrate that farmed shrimp, wild caught tuna and marine ingredient supply chains are traceable and internally assessed for supply chain risk.

STF works with Thai members in South East Asia to provide training for their supply chains land based and sea based helping them to understand and implement STF standards.

Costco continues to support the Responsible Recruitment Oversight working subgroup of the STF to explore responsible labor recruitment.

The primary goal is to leverage the power of the membership to build demand for responsible ethical recruitment practices throughout member supply chains.

Research and engagement activity since 2016 has provided valuable insights.

As a result, over 65 companies and entities in their supply chains alongside their recruiting agencies are now actively participating with a new batch of agencies due to come on board by December 2021.

Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment.

Costco and some of its suppliers have begun to partner with CIERTO, an independent third party nonpro t that provides transparent, no worker fee recruitment for farm workers in order to ethically and legally recruit farm labor for U.S. agricultural products.

Equitable Food Initiative (EFI) Costco is part of a fresh produce multi stakeholder e ort that includes farmers, suppliers, and NGOs to improve labor practices, environmental stewardship, and food safety for the bene t of workers, agricultural communities, businesses, and consumers.

Costco has been the largest single investor donor to EFI’s development, with over 2.5 million contributed since 2018.

Costco pays a premium for this EFI certi ed produce, to directly compensate farmworkers for the extra e ort they provide.

Costco is also the largest payer of the EFI premiums, with 87% going directly to farm workers and totaling over 11.8 million since 2014.

Ten percent of this premium is paid to EFI to fund expansion throughout the industry.

Workers and managers training on con ict resolution and problem solving strategies to promote continuous improvement and to comply with rigorous standards Workers training on pesticide safety and personal protective equipment free of charge.

More information can be found in the Pollinator Health Chemical Reduction section on our Environmental Impacts page.

Costco and some of its produce suppliers continue to support a program with Fair Trade USA, which directly engages with farmworkers to promote sustainable incomes, safe working conditions, responsible labor recruitment and contracting, environmental stewardship, and strong, transparent supply chains.

For every Fair Trade Certi ed product sold, producers earn an additional amount of money, empowering farmers and workers to improve their lives and ght poverty.

Training on food safety and quality, labor rights, workplace health and safety, and family nancial planning.

Fair Trade Certi ed funds to improve lives and livelihoods for workers and their communities.

Association to create an industry wide framework on the responsible production and procurement of fresh fruit, vegetables, and owers.

This mission is captured by the Ethical Charter, of which Costco is one of many endorsers representing the fresh produce industry, including growers, labor agencies, packers, distributors, foodservice operators, marketers and retailers.

In FY20, Costco and others worked to develop a pilot aimed at educating and building the capacity of select produce suppliers to strengthen their alignment with the Values and Guiding Principles of the Ethical Charter.

The pilot concluded in May 2021 and key ndings showed the e ectiveness of providing virtual training and advisory services focused on building management systems.

Growers also validated the use of self assessment questionnaires to measure compliance with the Ethical Charter.

We will continue to work with various industry stakeholders to take the learnings from the innovative tools that were piloted and further develop scalable solutions for the fresh produce industry.

Care for the treatment of workers throughout our global supply chains is a strong focus for Costco, and we recognize that the sourcing of cotton presents particular challenges with respect to forced labor around the world.

Costco remains a signatory to the multi stakeholder pledge promoted by the Responsible Sourcing Network concerning forced child and adult labor in Uzbekistan.

We work to keep cotton produced by child and adult forced labor in Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan out of our Kirkland Signature items.

More information can be found in our Pledge Concerning Cotton.

Costco has joined a Forced Labor Working Group, which consists of brands and trade associations, to share best practices and innovative approaches to mitigate forced labor risks with a speci c focus on apparel and home textile supply chains.

Additionally, in 2019, we began a cotton supply chain mapping program, which requires document veri cation, to further understand where the cotton in our apparel products originates.

Various screening processes are also applied to the manufacturing entities involved in these supply chains to promote compliance with trade sanction laws.

With the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety winding down, several former Alliance members and other brands committed to sustaining the culture of factory safety in Bangladesh by launching Nirapon, a U.S. based organization tasked with monitoring the ongoing safety, training and helpline e orts of the factories from which Nirapon members source.

Nirapon and continuing the work of addressing building safety in the apparel industry of Bangladesh.

Multiple brands aligning behind one initiative should reduce the burden and help to maintain focus on workers’ rights to a safe workplace.

We feel optimistic that this approach will help to maintain the signi cant safety enhancements made during the ve year commitment of the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety.

Costco remains a member of the Responsible Labor Initiative (RLI), which promotes the rights of workers vulnerable to forced labor globally.

This initiative represents another opportunity for Costco to join a diverse network of stakeholders focused on combating forced labor in our supply chains.

Through our work with the RLI, we will continue to focus on leveraging industry based e orts to reduce forced labor.

Costco understands that it has a responsibility to source its products in a way that is respectful to the environment and to the people associated with that environment.

Our goal is to help provide a net positive impact for communities in commodity producing landscapes by doing our part to help reduce the loss of natural forests and other natural ecosystems, which include native and or intact grasslands, peatlands, savannahs, and wetlands (collectively referred to as natural ecosystems ).

We want to work with suppliers and others to support good land stewardship practices that also respect the autonomy and property rights of the landowner are outcome based rather than prescriptive and respect the ability of rural people and their communities to thrive while serving as stewards of the land.

Good land stewardship practices include, but are not limited to: avoiding deforestation and conversion of natural ecosystems conserving or restoring natural ecosystems protecting High Conservation Value (HCV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS) forests ensuring free, prior and informed consent of indigenous people respecting basic human rights avoiding pollution protecting water resources protecting from harmful chemicals protecting, restoring, and promoting soil health and supporting the increased healthy production e ciency of lands currently in production.

We understand there are many di ering perspectives on how to best protect these natural ecosystems plus they are complex, with many stakeholders of varying cultures, viewpoints and land conservation practices.

It will take a phased approach of continuous improvement over time to reach these goals.

We cannot do this alone and will depend upon the insight, experience, and wisdom of our suppliers, scientists, and other experts.

We also acknowledge that as we learn more, our goals may change.

Costco understands that it has a responsibility to source its products in a way that is respectful to the environment and to the people associated with that environment.

Our goal is to help provide a net positive impact for communities in commodity producing landscapes, by doing our part to help reduce the loss of natural forests and other high conservation value natural ecosystems.

Deforestation is occurring at a rapid rate due to the conversion of natural forest landscapes to land used for growing livestock and agriculture.

These natural ecosystems provide high environmental and social value, including habitat for diverse animal species, carbon sinks, and long term livelihoods for human populations living in and near these forests.

We believe that our most impactful rst steps to help support good forest stewardship practices and to protect forests are to (1) source our wood, paper, and ber based products from responsibly managed and certi ed forests, and (2) use recycled content and alternative bers when feasible.

In FY2020, we published our Forest Conservation Commitment.

We have further re ned and updated it as stated herein.

The certi cation is dependent upon numerous factors, some of which include the currently available supply for each product, the geographic origin of the product and the country where the product is produced.

These certi cations help to ensure that the needs of the forest ecosystems and their communities are balanced with conservation of our forests for future generations.

Virgin bers and recycled bers interact to create a mutually bene cial ber cycle that meets a wide range of quality needs for products.

Fiber products are not in nitely recyclable after about seven times they degrade, lose their strength and are no longer usable.

This is why virgin bers have an important role in the cycle.

Virgin bers are valued for products that require their strength, softness, color and absorbance qualities, such as premium bath tissue.

To reduce our use of virgin ber, we will maintain a preference for recycled ber where feasible and where we believe it is a more sustainable alternative to virgin ber.

The nal choice of ber will be determined by quality and food safety requirements, product speci cation and performance, and legal requirements.

Recycled bers, in contrast, are great for making such things as cardboard and packaging, which don’t require as much softness or absorbency.

The production of cardboard and packaging use recycled bers more e ciently than tissue production because fewer bers fall through and end up as waste.

Responsible forest management is an important component in sourcing ber for paper based packaging.

Costco remains committed to sourcing the ber used for its products and packaging to come from known sources, be legally harvested under certi ed forest management programs and not contribute to deforestation or degradation.

Kirkland Signature products, where our company has the most in uence.

We are committed to eliminating deforestation in ve key commodities in our Kirkland Signature supply chains that contribute to deforestation: palm oil, wood pulp paper, soy, cocoa and beef.

In addition to updating our progress on our Sustainability Commitment Updates we also intend to publicly report using CDP Forest by 2022 or before.

Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is committed to ensuring that the palm oil, palm kernel oil, palm kernel expeller oil, and other palm based derivatives and fractions ( palm oil ) contained in Kirkland Signature products are responsibly sourced.

Our goal is that all palm oil used in Kirkland Signature products globally is 100% RSPO certi ed, with a preference for mass balance, segregated or identity preserved.

As of 2021, 98.6% of our palm oil is RSPO certi ed, according to supplier reported data.

More information can be found on the Oil, Honey Spices product page.

Costco remains committed to sourcing from certi ed forests all of its wood, pulp and paper products.

Costco sells other FSC certi ed solid wood products, including cedar wood playsets, gazebos, bee houses, outdoor furniture and pavilions.

As of FY21 and based upon the volume of ber used in our Kirkland Signature paper based products in the chart below, 99.9% is certi ed to FSC, SFI and or PEFC, according to supplier reports.

We are working toward 100% certi cation that will include our Gift Tissue and Photo paper that represent 0.1% of this ber volume.

We will continue to expand the Kirkland Signature items in this chart as we develop new products.

We are working to expand that to warehouses and gas stations worldwide.

Japanese gas station receipts now use ber from FSC certi ed sources, according to supplier reports.

More information can be found on our Chemical Management page.

In the U.S., according to supplier reports, the paper used for The Costco Connection magazine, Costco.com mailer, Business Savings Event mailer, Costco Services magazine, Holiday Savings Guide, Costco Travel Guide to Savings, and Costco Auto Program Show caseliers are certi ed to FSC or SFI standards.

The U.S. Multivendor Mailers use ber from FSC certi ed sources, although there is no certi cation claim on it.

In Canada, the Costco Connection magazine, Wellness ier, and Costco.ca insert are certi ed to the FSC standard, according to supplier reports.

Our U.S. warehouse pharmacy transitioned to member bags with FSC certi ed recycled content.

More information can be found on the Wood, Pulp Paper product page.

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil.

For that reason and others, Costco will continue to source Kirkland Signature soy based products, such as Kirkland Signature soybean oil, vegetable oil and organic soy beverages, from the U.S. and Canada.

More information can be found on the Oil, Honey Spices product page and the Eggs, Dairy Plant Based Beverage Alternatives page.

Costco will continue to support e orts to eliminate deforestation in cocoa production.

C te d’Ivoire has lost 80% of its forests in the last 50 years and that cocoa production is one of the drivers of that loss.

Costco continues to fund the distribution and replanting of trees to facilitate reforestation and agroforestry e orts, for a total of 153,000 trees to date.

Our goal is for 100% of cocoa farmers in the program to have their farms GPS polygon mapped for monitoring.

This is done to ensure the farms are not located in protected forests and to help preserve these forests from any further encroachment.

As of September 2021, 100% of farmers are registered and 87% of the farms have been polygon mapped.

In the past, 1.1 million hybrid high yielding cocoa seedlings have been distributed, enabling 2,100 farmers to replant a total of 1,100 hectares.

To date, over 153,000 forest and shade trees have been distributed.

Farmers and cooperatives were asked to choose among the varieties of shade trees o ered.

Some provide fruit or medicine, while others provide natural nitrogen xing properties to lessen the need for synthetic fertilizer.

The preferred trees by farmers this season were Cedrela, Frake and Akpi.

More information can be found on the Cocoa, Co ee Coconut product page and C te d’Ivoire Report.

We noti ed suppliers that our Kirkland Signature items containing beef should not come from these regions.

We conduct surveys with our suppliers to con rm compliance.

From these reports, we identi ed one ground beef item being sold in one region that contained less than 1 percent of Argentine beef.

We are working with our supplier to address this issue.

Our ongoing intent is not to source beef from high risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability and monitoring systems are in place.

Costco is a member of the U.S. Roundtable of Sustainable Beef, and the Canadian Roundtable of Sustainable Beef, and engages with the Australian Beef Sustainability Framework.

These multi stakeholder organizations facilitate the system level change that is needed to address many of our environmental concerns.

More information can be found on the Protein Plant Based Alternatives product page.

Pollinator health is a complex issue, which we are addressing in numerous ways.

We understand that the native pollinators and managed honeybee populations are declining due to pests, pathogens, pesticides, and poor nutrition.

These pollinators are necessary for pollinating approximately one third of the food we eat, including many fruits, nuts and vegetables.

We have invested over 6.5 million for honey bee research, putting natural forage back on the landscape, and best practices improvements with Project Apis m. in the U.S. and Canada.

Project Apis m. and Costco are supporting a multi year project to study honey bee and native bee interactions, to increase the science in this area, and to learn more about how to improve and manage habitat for the bene t of many bee species.

More information can be found on the Project Apis m. Blog and on the Oils, Honey Spices product page.

We work with our fresh produce and almond suppliers to encourage the planting of bu er zones to bene t pollinators.

We also encourage almond growers to use cover crops to increase the density, diversity and duration of bee forage in California orchards, which also improves soil health.

The seed mixes available through the Seeds for Bees program of Project Apis m. that we support are designed to provide multiple bene ts to managed honey bees, native pollinators and crops.

Some mixes bloom at critical times of the year when natural forage is scarce, but when managed bees are active.

Seeds for Bees serves the needs of beekeepers and growers while increasing sustainability and biodiversity.

In 2019, Seeds for Bees also developed a Western monarch habitat seed mix to address the dwindling Western Monarch Butter y population.

From 2013 to 2021, the Seeds for Bees program planted over 51,400 acres of cover crops in California.

In the Midwest of the US, a critical area where e orts are focused to support honey production, pollination, and native pollinators, we started working with The Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund’s Seed A Legacy Program.

Casa Apis is a cooperative of over 700 small scale beekeepers in Northeastern Brazil.

As of August 2021, a total of 15,860 trees have been planted and and their goal over the next ve years is to plant over 200,000 seedlings across 740 acres of land to support the entire beekeeping population in the area.

Read more about Casa Apis e orts in this Trees for Bees write up.

The scope of our Pollinator Health Policy includes suppliers of live goods (garden plants), fruit and vegetables.

Costco encourages them to limit the use of non essential chemicals, to utilize eco friendly methods of pest and disease control, and to incorporate Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategies and other creative solutions for the use of least toxic alternatives.

Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos, unless mandated otherwise by law and when possible to avoid regrettable substitutions.

Costco seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and make reasonable progress in a timely manner.

Our suppliers share our concern to minimize chemical use and have been phasing out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos.

We remain committed to working with our suppliers to phase out harmful chemicals.

For FY21, we have expanded our grower survey to include our other selling regions and we also inquired about glyphosate as well as all organophosphates, not just chlorpyrifos.

Live Goods: In FY21, we conducted a follow up survey to U.S. live goods suppliers to determine their use of neonicotinoids since our last survey of 2021.

As of FY21, 75% of our suppliers have moved away from using neonicotinoids, which is an increase from 70% in FY20.

Sixty nine percent of the remaining suppliers still using neonicotinoids reported that they’ve reduced usage.

For FY21, 84% of U.S. live goods suppliers reported that they don’t use any organophosphates and 76% said they don’t use glyphosate.

Fresh Flowers: In FY21, we surveyed our U.S. fresh ower suppliers and learned that 80% do not use neonicotinoids, 90% don’t use organophosphates or glyphosate.

The remaining suppliers decreased their use of those chemicals.

Roses: Many of our cut roses we sell worldwide are sourced from Colombia and Ecuador and are certi ed by the Rainforest Alliance, which prohibits the use of neonicotinoids and limits the use of chlorpyrifos with risk mitigation.

Our UK locations sell roses sourced from Kenya and these suppliers do not use chlorpyrifos.

Instead they use integrated pest management systems, use neonicotinoids in limited situations and, since the roses are grown under cover, pollinators are further protected from exposure to neonicotinoids.

More information can be found on the Organics, Greenhouse Grown Horticulture product page.

Canada: For Live Goods and Fresh Flowers in FY21 92% of the suppliers aren’t using neonicotinoids.

Other practices to support pollinator health: Our global suppliers reported various e orts being done to support pollinator health and improve on farm practices such as integrated pest management (IPM) scout and monitor pest and pathogen to proactively manage their population use of bene cial insects, biological alternatives, oils, and soaps physically excluding plant pests by creating barriers and separations working with extension o ces and or local government setting aside land for pollinator habitat and planting other pollinator friendly native plants and increasing regenerative and organic growing practices.

Costco is part of a fresh produce multi stakeholder e ort that includes farmers, suppliers, and NGOs to improve labor practices, environmental stewardship, and food safety for the bene t of workers, agricultural communities, businesses, and consumers.

As of July 2021, 16 Costco suppliers are working with EFI on 56 certi ed operations employing nearly 46,237 workers.

An implemented Integrated Pest Management (IPM) plan that includes a stepped approach starting with biological controls followed by cultural, physical, and nally chemical responses.

Application records for conventional and open elds operations to be entered into the Pesticide Risk Tool (PRT) in order to generate a risk assessment that can inform spray decisions.

EFI continues to partner with The IPM Institute of North America to aggregate and analyze pesticide application records entered into the A written justi cation for each application of a highly hazardous pesticide, aligned with their IPM plan and documenting that risk management measures were implemented during application.

Irrigation practices that limit erosion, and uncultivated bu er strips to further protect water habitats Worker training for appropriate pesticide use, and the importance of respecting reentry intervals, which also prohibits o label pesticide use providing to all workers personal protective equipment (PPE) free of charge reporting to EFI leadership the name, date, and location of all applications and medical monitoring of workers handling organophosphate or carbamate pesticides.

The Bee Better Certi cation applies to Silk’s line of organic products sold at Costco including original, unsweetened, and unsweetened vanilla products, and represents a veri ed achievement to make almond farms better for bees.

Almond farms certi ed to the Bee Better standard have planted habitat to provide food and shelter to bees, and promote integrated pest management practices that are safer for bees.

Costco now sells a number of organic and alternative gardening products, which contain natural and or organic elements.

Globally, we no longer o er weed and insect control products containing glyphosate, neonicotinoids or chlorpyrifos.

Since 2018, we have sold various Bee Houses, including bee houses that support native pollinators, allowing our members an opportunity to also support pollinator health in their own home garden areas.

We continue to expand our selection of organic products and have increased products grown in greenhouses, which in turn supports pollinator health.

Costco’s selection of organic products in FY21 continued to grow worldwide to meet our members’ demands, with organic comprising 33% of our fresh produce sales.

For more information, please see our Organics, Greenhouse Grown Horticulture product page.

Costco believes protecting and regenerating nature is imperative and the right thing to do.

We strongly encourage our suppliers to follow the principles of regenerative agriculture, which include practices that minimize soil disturbance, increase plant diversity, keep living roots in the ground year round, keep soils covered and integrate animals back onto the land.

Healthy soils are critical to long term agricultural production because they reduce plant vulnerability, can improve crop production and can improve farm pro tability.

Increasing the organic matter in soil helps the land hold and retain more water which is critical in times of drought or excessive rainfall.

Costco recognizes that one of the greatest threats to native grasslands or prairies is the conversion to cropland.

Costco partnered with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and others to help protect the NGP intact grassland ecosystem and to test the U.S. Roundtable for Sustainable Beef’s (USRSB) sustainability framework to ensure it is useful and practical for cow calf producers in the NGP.

This program partnership has since concluded and we learned valuable lessons to apply in our future rancher engagements.

Responsible grazing maintains the health of grasslands, improves soil quality with manure, and preserves open space and wildlife habitat.

Additionally, carbon is sequestered in the grasses and soils of grazing lands that are properly managed.

Beef production also provides social bene ts by sustaining livelihoods and community vibrancy in rural areas where grasslands dominate.

Keeping NGP as grasslands not only helps conserve biodiversity, but it also means cleaner streams, less fertilizer runo , more pollinators for plants and more carbon stored in the soil.

For more information, please visit our Protein Plant Based Alternatives product page.

In 2021, we continued our focus on packaging an area of our business where continuous improvement is needed.

We also know this is a complex aspect of our business that has many components, including concerns about the increase of plastic waste in land lls and the oceans, the need for more uniform waste collection programs, the need to increase the recycling infrastructure, the diversity and fragmentation of laws and regulations, and the shortage of viable alternatives that meet our needs.

It will take time and the cooperation of many including our suppliers, members, the packaging industry, municipal services and governments working together to come up with solutions.

Packaging is complex and trade o s need to be made.

We realize the trade o s in selecting materials, and attempt to balance them and come up with solutions that have an overall positive impact.

There is no perfect package choices require energy, water, and resources, and create an environmental impact.

We consider every aspect of the process, from raw materials extraction, to recycled content, to production and delivery.

No matter which material is selected, there are consequences at every stage of the process.

By examining these solutions holistically, we make choices based on many factors such as water impacts and greenhouse gases throughout the life cycle of production, delivery, consumption and end of life.

While we recognize that recyclability of egg cartons is an increasing challenge for some of our members, we also prioritize reducing food waste in our supply chain.

Using this packaging saves 9 million eggs a year from the waste stream.

In addition, our egg packaging is made of 100% recycled PET water bottles and is 40% lighter than pulp egg cartons.

This weight di erence and packaging construction allows for 50% more cartons to be packed onto a truck, reducing the delivery impact between farms and our Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG) footprint.

In 2019, we introduced our Global Packaging Plan to address many aspects of our business.

It is divided into three categories: packaging goals, implementation plan and packaging strategies.

Here is an update on our progress for scal year 2021.

Reduce our operational packaging waste by improving our e ciencies, with the added bene t of reducing expenses.

Provide sustainable packaging to our members without compromising food safety, product quality, or sales while ensuring our packaging: (1) complies with laws and regulations, (2) reduces materials, and (3) communicates e ectively with our members.

Adopt global packaging, recycling and waste strategies for both operations (including operational waste and incoming pallet product packaging waste) and merchandising.

Create internal systems to track and monitor our operational packaging waste and packaging footprint.

Continued our packaging data collection process in an e ort to gather accurate, detailed packaging information and develop a clear understanding of our packaging footprint.

This project allows us to more closely track our materials use in our packaging choices, determine more e ectively where we can make improvements and provide more transparency in the supply chain.

With this information, we can make targeted goals based on actual data and make meaningful improvements.

Explore further partnerships to support innovations for packaging and packaging waste.

Working with materials experts at universities for input and advice Partnering with our suppliers to improve packaging.

For example, a supplier in the UK, provides a comprehensive packaging option that reduces plastic packaging, uses recycled content, creates recyclable packaging and uses FSC certi ed ber.

To learn more, please see our U.K. Costco Connection article, Beyond the box.

Increase the recycled content and certi ed ber in packaging 3.

Increase the recyclability and compostability of packaging 4.

We recognize the global need to reduce the amount of packaging we use to keep waste out of land lls and to keep plastic out of the oceans.

Our e orts are balanced against protecting the integrity of the product, the availability of suitable alternatives and the complex area of recyclability that is dependent upon geographic areas.

In some cases we have eliminated plastic altogether, and if not possible, we try to reduce it through redesign.

We also look at ways to reduce paper and corrugated packaging.

In 2019, we began an internal review to determine our packaging footprint.

We determined that we have implemented packaging in the last several years that reduces our plastic footprint by over 8.6 million pounds for scal years 2019 20, which is summarized in the 2019 2020 packaging footprint summary.

Costco continues to make progress toward reduction of packaging as we review each item for opportunities to make meaningful changes.

Each year brings new progress in our quest to add more items to this initiative.

Redesigned our tub for Kirkland Signature Platinum Performance UltraShine Dishwasher Detergent Pacs, resulting in 35,000 pounds less plastic annually.

Changed Kirkland Signature Ultra Clean HE Laundry Detergent Pacs from a tub to a bag, reducing plastic use by 1.36 million pounds annually.

Changed the fresh apple packaging in our U.S. produce department from plastic clamshells to corrugated boxes, reducing plastic use by 11.3 million pounds annually.

Reduced the gauge in our U.S. fresh meat trays by 25%, lowering our plastic use by 1.4 million pounds annually.

Changed Kirkland Signature Roasted Salted Cashews from a jar to a bag, reducing our annual plastic use by 1.6 million pounds.

Reduced the gauge in our fresh meat roll bags in the U.S., resulting in less plastic usage by 500,000 pounds annually.

Changed wine bottles from glass to bag in a box solutions, reducing the annual materials weight by over 2 million pounds.

Changed the lm window on our Kirkland Signature Triple Cheese Tart in Korea to a wood based cellulose plastic that is also SFI certi ed.

Converted loaf packaging the bakery to paperboard boxes.

Reduced plastic packaging by our produce suppliers by over 295,000 pounds in the U.S. and Mexico.

Changed the packaging on two service deli items, resulting in a 300,000 pound reduction in plastic in Australia.

Replaced two black plastic bakery trays with ber based solutions, replacing plastic use by over 300,000 pounds annually in Canada.

Discontinued individually wrapping Kirkland Signature apparel shipments in plastic bags.

In addition, our branded partners across the globe have made many e orts to change their packaging to align with our goals to reduce packaging, increase recycled content, and improve recyclability and communication with our members.

We continue to review and test items for further opportunities to reduce plastic and other materials.

While the pace of change may appear slow, it can take several years to scale the changes, review and test to ensure packaging changes don’t result in product damage or food spoilage which could be environmentally worse than the packaging impact.

Our goal is for packaging to be widely recyclable and or made from recycled content.

It supports the recycling industry, which we need to help us to manage the current state of packaging waste.

While recycling has su ered from an outdated infrastructure, it is still a viable solution and an industry worth supporting.

We will not be able to address our plastic waste issues without supporting the recycling industry.

It supports the circular economy, and provides opportunities for closed loop systems that regenerate materials.

Depending upon whether the recycled content is ber or plastic, recycling may reduce energy use in the production of packaging by lowering greenhouse gas emissions.

The procurement of raw materials has an energy footprint that can be reduced by recycling existing materials, which is less carbon intensive.

Additionally, recycling diverts materials from land lls, which reduces methane emissions from materials in land lls.

Whenever possible, ber used for paper based packaging should come from known sources, should be procured from well managed forests and should not contribute to deforestation.

Our use of recycled content in plastic packaging continues to be on par or ahead of global targets set by the many regions in which we operate.

Costco has been an active user of recycled content in plastic packaging for many years and continues to increase its use of recycled content.

Please view a summary on our previous 2019 2020 increase of recycled content.

Ecommerce shipping boxes ful lled by Costco used 100% recycled content.

In FY21, due to increased demand for ecommerce products and supply constraints, we had to supplement some boxes that did not utilize 100% recycled content.

U.S. Kirkland Signature spice clear bottles use 50% recycled content.

Kirkland Signature pet food bags increased from 30% to 50% recycled content.

Australian fresh oyster tray packaging is now 100% recycled content.

U.S. Kirkland Signature Ultra Clean HE Plant Based Liquid Laundry Detergent packaging is composed of 80% post consumer recycled content and 17% plant based materials.

Roll stock bags for fresh meat now contain 60% post consumer recycled content.

U.S. fresh produce corrugated apple boxes are FSC or SFI certi ed.

U.S. fresh produce molded ber baskets for mushrooms are FSC certi ed.

U.S. food court plates are SFI certi ed and USDA Biobased certi ed.

Our Kirkland Signature apparel packaging, hang tags, paper tags, paperboard inserts and polybags are all 100% recycled content.

In Australia, our service deli replaced the black plastic base for rotisserie items and salads with recycled content and recyclable clear base packaging.

An additional 26 items globally now use recycled content and we continue to increase the items that are packaged with certi ed ber materials.

In the past several years, recycling and recyclable packaging have received a lot of attention.

We understand that inconsistencies in the recycling process and service levels from place to place have contributed to confusion and distrust in the viability of recycling.

Many members and the general public were surprised to learn that recycling, at least in the U.S. and Mexico, is typically a private enterprise, and not a public service.

In Canada, extended producer responsibility is mandated by regulations where curbside blue box programs are o ered to the majority of the population and run by public and or private enterprise, and paid for by the consumer and or retailer.

This means recycling is also dependent on market forces.

On January 1, 2018, global market forces were severely impacted when China banned the import of plastics for recycling, which accounted for 70% of global recycling, turning a revenue stream to an added cost for many global recyclers.

Those items that recycling services can sell for materials recovery are what gets collected.

If they cannot sell the used packaging, those items end up in the land ll and are suspended from collection.

For recycling to improve, investment in recycling businesses and infrastructure is needed.

To be considered recyclable, various rules, regulations and guidelines require that the product be widely recyclable, meaning at least 50% (or more depending upon the geographic area) of the population has access to recycle the packaging.

We also recognize widely recyclable packaging is dependent upon the availability of recycling infrastructure streams, which are inconsistent.

This underscores the need for a multifaceted approach to recyclability.

Designing recyclable packaging is critical to creating a supply of recycled materials.

We also want to provide an opportunity for our members to recycle by providing them with responsible choices in our packaging solutions.

Recycling promotes a circular process where materials can be used more than once before reaching the end of life.

Recyclers (APR), to support and learn how to improve recycling of our items, to support the industry that is a key driver of recovery of materials and to work toward meeting global requirements.

We continue to make progress in increasing our recyclable packaging.

Many of our packages have been recyclable for some time.

Please view our previous 2019 2020 increase of recyclable content summary.

In the U.S. the majority of our fresh apple clamshells have been converted into recyclable corrugated packaging.

In Japan, our service deli changed the black plastic tray previously used for fresh sushi packaging to a clear, recyclable tray.

Costco also recycles a great deal of packaging in our daily operations and diverts over a half million tons of packaging annually.

Costco continues to work on developing solutions to address expanded polystyrene use in a variety of packaging types.

In some U.S. markets we are now use recyclable PET trays for fresh meat.

In our U.S. Business Delivery cold chain packaging we use a dissolvable, starch based foam with a recyclable lm wrap for food product shipping.

Additionally, our global in house operation recycled over 1,000 tons of Styrofoam products in 2021.

In 2020, the Recycling Partnership commissioned a study to determine the recyclability of pizza boxes.

The research found that even moderate amounts of grease on the packaging still allowed for recycling.

Therefore in 2021, we added the How2Recycle label to our food court pizza boxes to communicate this to our members.

While not all recycling programs currently accept pizza boxes, this research supports reevaluating that position.

Costco continues to expand the use of compostable packaging.

We also recognize that single use plastic is a worldwide concern and are exploring opportunities to replace those items with alternative materials.

Additionally, we understand that access to industrial composting is limited for our members.

With that in mind, we have determined that locations where we have control of the wastes are the best opportunity to ensure that these items get composted.

We continue to make progress in our food court packaging globally and actively seek solutions for the remaining food service items to help reduce single use plastic.

The past year Covid 19 a ected many supply chains including those for compostable packaging.

While every e ort was made to adhere to our goal of compostable packaging for our food courts globally, periodically we were unable to meet that standard due to material shortages.

We continue to review and test available options across the company for opportunities to replace challenging materials.

In 2021 we continued to expand and implement compostable food service packaging, which includes compostable birch atware in our Australian food courts.

Please review our 2019 2020 expansion of compostability summary.

In 2021 we continued to expand our platform for educating employees, suppliers, and members on our packaging e orts and how they can be involved.

Additionally, we continue to reach out to learn more about the impact of our choices and making informed decisions.

Improved package labeling for recycling, recoverability and compostability Added the How2Recycle label to over 100 items with another 146 items currently in progress.

Costco continues to look for ways to improve the design of its packaging to reduce the amount, improve the e ciency, and improve operational e ciencies in order to reduce the packaging footprint and reduce costs.

Costco has always sold goods directly out of the boxes they are shipped in, then reused those same recyclable boxes at the register by o ering them to members in lieu of shopping bags.

Boxes that don’t get used by members are recycled in house.

More information can be found on the Waste Minimization page.

We support the redesign of packaging to utilize more e cient pallet con gurations, and to reduce the number of pallets and trucks on the road.

Multiple square jar projects have been implemented to promote this strategy, including the Kirkland Signature milk bottle program, candy and nut packaging, and multiple branded partners that have recon gured their packaging for improved e ciency.

Redesigned our tub for Kirkland Signature Platinum Performance UltraShine Dishwasher Detergent Pacs, resulting in more units per pallet, reducing 51 truckloads annually.

Moved Kirkland Signature Cashews from a jar to a pouch, resulting in fewer pallets per truck needed to deliver goods as well as a reduction of over 200 truckloads annually.

Converted some Kirkland Signature wine items into bag in a box solutions, greatly reducing the weight of product on the truck and saving on greenhouse gas emissions.

Begun testing reusable shipping crates for meat deliveries to their locations in our Spain fresh meat departments.

We work with many suppliers to review and test opportunities to try new materials, design options, and diversion opportunities.

In Canada, our supplier Ice River collects water bottles, processes them into recycled content for Kirkland Signature Water bottles sold in Canada and uses the remaining material for outdoor furniture.

In Canada, Costco recycles corrugated shippers and trays with Cascades, which converts them into new packaging products.

Some of these products nd their way back into Costco warehouses, either directly as Costco branded products or as national branded products.

Once their useful life is over, these corrugated shippers and trays go back into the loop and are recycled again by Cascades.

More information can be found in this Closed Loop Summary.

Dozens of tests across our regions and product categories are currently being conducted to determine new and innovative solutions to existing packaging issues, to improve recyclability, to replace problematic materials, and to reduce material usage.

As these items come online for full utilization, we will continue to report them here.

Material health in packaging is reviewed by our Quality Assurance department.

For detailed information on our testing and screening process, please visit our Chemical Management page.

We receive many letters and inquiries from our members, who have great questions about packaging.

For more information, please review our Packaging FAQ Sheet.

Animal welfare is part of Costco’s culture and responsibility, and we are committed to a global approach to Animal Welfare.

We are working toward a uniform program in the countries regions where we operate, while respecting that each country may have its own regulatory and social requirements in place.

Costco Wholesale is committed to the welfare, and proper handling, of all animals that are used in the production of products sold at Costco.

Costco pledges its diligence in working with industry and academia in the pursuit of new and improved technologies and methods to further enhance animal well being.

This is not only the right thing to do, but it also is an important moral and ethical obligation we owe to our members, suppliers, and most of all to the animals we depend on for products sold at Costco.

Costco supports the Five Freedoms of animal well being as guiding principles for its Animal Welfare policies.

Originally articulated by a committee of the British government in the 1960s (the Brambell Committee), it has been more recently espoused by Dr. Temple Grandin, a recognized expert on animal welfare.

Freedom from fear Freedom from discomfort (right environment, shelter and a place to rest) Freedom from thirst and hunger Freedom to exhibit natural behavior and Freedom from pain and su ering.

In 2021, we began a comprehensive review of our global programs, various global standards and benchmarks.

We also have engaged with the Center for Food Integrity and retained Dr. Temple Grandin to assist us in this review.

Our goal is to create a Global Animal Welfare Action Plan and updates will be published on this page.

We also continue to stay abreast of new technologies and methods through engagement with our suppliers, academia and industry experts.

Costco’s Animal Welfare Task Force is made up of members from fresh meat buying, corporate and regional buying, animal welfare auditing, global sustainability compliance, and global food safety.

This Task Force will be key to creating and implementing our Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.

Costco's goal is to control the use of antibiotics that are medically important to humans, in its meat and poultry supply chains.

This is consistent with our goal of protecting the health and welfare of our members and of the poultry, hogs, and cattle in our supply chains.

Our policy is to limit application of these antibiotics to therapeutic use only for the prevention, control and treatment of disease only under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian in a valid veterinary client patient relationship.

In 2021, we continued our engagement with our suppliers and learned it remains di cult in many supply chains to obtain veri able certi cates or a davits in order to have quantitative metrics regarding the phase out of routine use of shared use antibiotics.

Supply chains are, for the most part, only minimally vertically integrated (particularly for beef and pork), with our suppliers being one too many steps removed from those who are raising animals.

Many of these growers lack developed systems for aggregating metrics concerning antibiotic usage.

Progressive Beef to learn more about antibiotic use in the beef supply chain.

By the end of 2022, 95% of Kirkland Signature chicken products (de ned as frozen, sold in the meat case, rotisserie and raised with No Antibiotics Ever) sold in the U.S. will be raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine.

By the end of 2022, we will (1) outline a timeline for achieving 100% of chicken (de ned as frozen, sold in the meat case and rotisserie) sold in the U.S to be raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine and (2) begin to report annually the percentage by product category (fresh chicken sold in the meat case, rotisserie, frozen and canned) raised without routine use of antibiotics important to human medicine, until such time as our target of 100% is reached.

They will be guided by our interpretation of U.S. Food and Drug Administration Guidance 209 and 213 Veterinary Feed Directive, which discontinues the use of medically important antibiotics for growth promotion and requires veterinary oversight of all medically important antibiotics.

Because of the number of suppliers Costco has and their geographic dispersion, it is simply not practical to audit on an ongoing basis to con rm that all suppliers are in compliance with all aspects of our Animal Welfare policies.

Accordingly, we take a risk based approach with respect to targeting audits and otherwise seeking to con rm compliance.

The approach is based upon several factors, including prior audit performance.

This has resulted in placing emphasis on auditing suppliers of Kirkland Signature items, particularly in the United States.

Even as to those items, however, the large number of producers in the supply chain limits the scope and frequency of audits that may feasibly be conducted and evaluated.

Costco’s animal welfare audit program is under review and will be updated in its Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.

Currently, Costco utilizes recognized audit standards and programs conducted by trained auditors, and looks at animal welfare both on the farm and at slaughter.

The purpose of an audit is to gather current, accurate information concerning the overall welfare of animals.

This information is made available to members of the Costco food safety and technology group, and buying sta .

These inspect the welfare of live animals on the farm in their living environment.

Currently these are conducted for the following species: chicken (egg laying hens), dairy cows, pork, poultry (chicken and turkey), and veal.

These take place at the plant where animals are slaughtered and processed for these species: beef, pork, poultry (chicken and turkey), and veal.

Audits can be conducted by Costco auditors, suppliers, and or third parties.

Audit type, frequency and intensity can vary across suppliers and species.

Costco requires U.S. animal welfare auditors to be certi ed.

Organic certi cation in the U.S. in certain respects also includes animal welfare components.

Costco sells large quantities of organic items derived from animal products, and these items are required to be certi ed organic in accordance with the law.

Below we outline our current animal welfare audit policies and procedures by species, which are under review as we develop our Global Animal Welfare Action Plan.

Costco requires animal welfare audits at slaughter in accordance with the American Meat Institute Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines.

Costco requires animal welfare audits at the farm level.

We have worked with third party audit providers as well as parties that can implement second party dairy audits.

Our goal is to have an outcome based program that recognizes sustainable practices in place and guides change at the dairy through training, sound protocols and a valid Veterinary Client Patient Relationship.

The National Dairy FARM Program (Farmers Assuring Responsible Management) seeks to provide consistency and uniformity to best practices in animal care and quality assurance in the dairy industry.

Costco works with larger cooperative suppliers that utilize the FARM Program to increase the frequency of third party veri cation.

Costco does not support tail docking and has actively sought to use suppliers that do not allow this practice.

Costco requires its suppliers to implement standards regarding age and pain management as it relates to dehorning practices.

Costco strongly supports advances in dairy farming practices to include the use of genetic breeding programs to promote polled cattle (naturally hornless).

Costco believes this will bene t the welfare of the cows and of the farmers who care for them by eliminating the need for dehorning.

Costco recognizes that through the years its suppliers have embraced new ways to improve the welfare of the animals in their care.

Costco expects suppliers to continue to seek improvements that promote good animal health and well being.

Costco has a speci c veal policy to promote calf welfare.

Costco veal is traceable to the farm level and farms are inspected for compliance to the requirements.

Costco has introduced the Costco Hen House Audit in the U.S.

This audit tool promotes a sense of responsibility and accountability to the supplier, and provides a means for annual barn evaluations.

Suppliers are required to audit each house twice a year using the Costco Hen House app platform.

The results are automatically transmitted to Costco upon completion.

The app based system gives visual examples of how to score each question as needed.

The app requires the supplier to submit photo documentation for each question along with the answer as applicable.

Supply chain capacity in Australia continues to be a factor, due to the wild res su ered in 2020 as well as higher demand in response to the Coronavirus outbreak.

Our progress in Taiwan, China, Japan and South Korea is dependent upon local available infrastructure and appropriate food safety practices.

In September 2020 Taiwan began selling cage free eggs in select locations and will continue to expand based on availability.

In Taiwan, all eggs sold come from larger enriched cages, improving bird welfare by providing them with more usable space, scratch pads mats, perches and nest boxes, allowing the hens to perform more natural behavior.

Beginning in FY21, our reporting excludes Business Centers and Ecommerce.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Liquid Eggs are 100% cage free.

Costco requires animal welfare audits at slaughter in accordance with the National Chicken Council (NCC) Recommended Animal Handling Guidelines.

Costco also audits hatchery and grow out facilities.

Costco implements animal welfare audits for laying hens.

Audits can include American Humane, Certi ed Humane and UEP audits.

Audits now extend in varying degrees to conventional cage, cage free and organic housing systems.

In 2019, Costco began selling chicken produced in our vertically integrated facility located in Fremont, Nebraska, which is described in more detail on ou Kirkland Signature page.

Animal welfare is a critical component that has been integrated into the supply chain, from the hatchery to the grower barns to the processing facility.

Costco Wholesale is committed to the welfare of animals in its supply chains.

This includes broilers, which are chickens raised for meat (as opposed to eggs).

Although these chickens have a life cycle of less than 45 days, their welfare is as important as that of animals that have longer life cycles.

Most of our poultry needs are met by our complex in Nebraska (Lincoln Premium Poultry or LPP) and two other facilities in the Southeast, which are owned by third parties.

One of these producers is certi ed organic, which brings with it animal welfare requirements prescribed by the United States Department of Agriculture.

These three facilities are our primary suppliers (which we call dedicated suppliers).

With respect to our dedicated suppliers: all broilers are raised uncaged, in barns where they are free to move about without restriction.

The minimum standards followed in these barns are based on those developed by the National Chicken Council (NCC).

The National Chicken Council represents companies that account for approximately 95 percent of broiler chicken production in the United States.

Costco and the producers and are certi ed by the Professional Animal Auditor Certi cation Organization (PAACO).

An important element of broiler welfare is how the animals are prepared for production.

LPP and our dedicated organic supplier use a technique called Controlled Atmosphere Stunning (CAS).

That technique is recognized as a superior method for slaughter, using methods that are calming for the animals and conducive to the welfare of employees who monitor the process.

We are exploring the potential for transition to CAS at other facilities.

Our broiler welfare e orts are currently most highly focused on LPP, which raises around 100 million birds per year.

In evaluating density, it is important to keep in mind that the broilers at LPP are raised to a weight smaller than industry average.

When applying density standards that are expressed in weight per area, it is also important to remember that birds are under the maximum weight for the vast majority of their lives.

LPP is currently operating at a reduced density standard of .93 square feet per bird.

LPP uses what is regarded as state of the art equipment for gathering of birds when they are ready to leave the barns.

This highly automated system reduces opportunities for human mistakes that can occur with manual processes.

In addition, the transportation of broilers occurs with covering and ventilation options that are adaptable to the wide range of weather conditions found in Nebraska and Iowa.

Some parties have advocated that Costco and others change to breeds that grow more slowly.

We have carefully analyzed the science that has been invoked for that position.

We do not believe that the conclusions, which thus far are not the product of the rigorous peer review process associated with scienti c papers, warrant a change in our practices at this time.

Because of the density we prescribe for our broilers and the fact that our broilers are grown to a smaller size than is common in the industry, we believe that the incidence of adverse welfare impacts associated with larger fast growing broilers under more crowded conditions is lower at LPP.

At a time when Costco Wholesale is intensely focused on reducing its carbon footprint, we also have concerns that slower growing breeds increase environmental impacts (greater feed demands, more energy usage, higher waste output), which should not be incurred absent meaningful gains in broiler welfare.

As we increase engagement with our suppliers over reducing emissions in the production of goods for us, it is important that we set a good example in our own operations.

We are engaged in communications with our breeding stock suppliers and study concerning selection that could over time enhance the leg strength of broilers, in an e ort to reduce mobility problems and other issues.

The nature of selective breeding means that this process occurs slowly.

Some in the industry have experimented with features believed to enrich the experience of broilers in their barns.

LPP has been monitoring studies that examine whether these enrichments actually improve outcomes or bene t farmworkers who work with the broilers.

In addition, LPP is experimenting with enrichments in a small number of barns, to evaluate whether wider deployment is warranted.

While we believe we have achieved signi cant progress in our broiler welfare programs, we recognize that there is always room for improvement.

LPP’s objective is to audit each grower three times annually.

Each shift at the processing plan also has an animal welfare auditor on duty.

Early in 2021 we engaged the services of Dr. Temple Grandin, an independent and prominent animal welfare expert, to examine the practices at LPP and make recommendations for enhancements.

Dr. Grandin (click here for more information) has provided her recommendations, which are now in various stages of implementation.

Among other things, they entail enhanced education for farmers raising broilers, improvement of hatchery procedures, improved security for barns, and reduced stocking density.

A variety of external events have slowed some of our intended progress, but we remain committed to improvements.

Costco has committed to responsible down sourcing.

Feather Lab (IDFL), Downpass or Responsible Down Standard (RDS).

Compliance to these standards ensures ethical sourcing of down and feathers through the veri cation of supplier traceability systems, general animal welfare, risk assessment, and other important best practices.

For more information, see the Costco Connection article, Down’s upside.

Costco uses the Pork Quality Assurance Plus program.

This is a producer driven program that farmers can use to ensure that pork products are of the highest quality and are safe, and animals are cared for in a way that ensures their well being.

Costco has a Gestation Crate Policy that encourages suppliers to limit the use of gestation crates for pregnant sows in favor of group housing.

There may be certain times during a sow's gestation period during which it would be best for her to be separated from the rest of the group because we have found that separation is acceptable, as long as it meets the intended needs and provides the appropriate protection and safety for the sow.

We believe that U.S. and Canadian suppliers of our fresh pork and Kirkland Signature cooler items will by the end of 2022 be utilizing group housing or con nement that permit sows to turn around.

These items represent over 90% of our pork volume in these countries, which represent over 80% of our membership warehouses.

We are now targeting suppliers outside the United States for compliance with the policy, to the extent they are not held by local law to the same standard or a higher standard.

And we are working with suppliers to achieve compliance for branded (non Kirkland signature) cooler items and to further reduce the number of days that breeding sows spend in con nement.

Continue to improve sustainably sourced seafood from either wild sheries or farmed aquaculture in ways that meet current demands without compromising the availability of scarce resources for future generations.

Continue to value the human rights, safety, and dignity of the people who produce, process, and harvest the products we sell.

Consider these factors when sourcing seafood: the condition of sh stocks (biomass) the protection of and respect for the marine, coastal, and freshwater ecosystems governmental and regulatory agency guidelines and practices that will mitigate or limit environmental impacts associated with aquaculture and shing practices.

Traceability programs are key to identifying these factors.

As science and industry evolve, we will continue to re ne these global policies.

We have implemented an annual seafood survey for many of our global seafood suppliers, capturing key information such as species, catch farm location, catch farm method and eco certi cation.

We previously collected information from suppliers that provided products for our U.S. locations.

We’re currently collecting information from suppliers that provide seafood products to all of our global Costco locations.

From this survey, we are able to better assess our impact and progress towards our goals.

The seafood industry is under increasing pressure to make its complex supply chains more transparent.

At Costco, we are committed to being able to trace our Kirkland Signature farmed shrimp products to source farms in order to provide the traceability needed to ensure our products are produced in a more environmentally and socially responsible way.

Through piloting end to end traceability systems like TruTrace, we can more readily understand the connection between the seafood we display on our shelves and the people and places that helped produce it.

Atlantic cod Atlantic halibut Chilean sea bass Greenland halibut Grouper (Epinephelus morio) Orange roughy Red sh (sourced outside of U.S.

Fisheries) Shark Skates and rays Sword sh (sourced outside of U.S.

If we decide in the future to rely on other certifying organizations and or other credible sources that report on the status of these or other species in our procurement, we will disclose their identity and disclose that certi cation and or veri cation on the packaging.

We continue to examine whether there are other species that we should cease to sell because of documented concerns of risk for the species or habitat.

In Alaska, the sustainable management of salmon is protected by the Alaska State Constitution and serves as a model for continuous improvement of sustainable seafood production.

Costco supplier Trident Seafoods maintains full ownership and control of the Alaskan salmon it provides to Costco.

Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs) are alliances of stakeholders retailers, processors, suppliers, producers and or catchers, government, NGOs, and academia that work to resolve aspects of the shery that do not currently meet the MSC standard.

For sheries that do not currently meet the MSC standard, we encourage our suppliers to participate in comprehensive FIPs as a step toward MSC certi cation.

Costco supports FIPs through participation in FIP meetings, letters to governments and or sheries participants, and nancial contributions.

Fisheries and industry members that are actively engaged in making continued progress in a FIP and demonstrate good management through the supply chain receive strong consideration in our purchasing decisions.

Costco requires FIPs to be veri ed and monitored as credible by publicly reporting on FisheryProgress.org.

From 2016 to 2021, Costco contributed 443,000 to support Fishery Improvement Projects (FIPs).

Costco or Costco suppliers also purchase products from these FIP sheries.

Over time our sourcing from individual FIPs will vary, depending on market conditions and other factors.

Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) to meet its standards.

Honduras and Nicaragua spiny lobster trap FIPs The Honduras and Nicaragua spiny lobster trap sheries have been working on improvements in each country since 2013 to move the sheries towards meeting the MSC standard.

In 2020, the shery management agencies in both countries combined forces to gather catch data from processing plants, shers, and government databases, and in 2021 they completed the rst ever binational spiny lobster stock assessment to determine the health of the shared lobster stock.

Results showed that the stock is still being maintained at a healthy level, but scientists cautioned that additional measures should be implemented in both countries to ensure the lobster population remains healthy.

Kirkland Signature Albacore canned tuna suppliers are participants in the International Seafood Sustainability Foundation (ISSF), which is undertaking science based initiatives for the long term conservation and sustainable use of tuna stocks, reducing bycatch and promoting ecosystem health.

Each participating company is audited by a third party for compliance with ISSF conservation measures.

Costco is a founding member of the Seafood Taskforce and works in collaboration with other member companies and industry stakeholders to improve working conditions and the recruitment process for migrant workers on shing vessels.

Learn more about the STF’s work on Responsible Recruitment.

From 2016 to 2021, Costco has contributed 310,000 to WWF to support and implement Aquaculture Improvement Projects.

We believe that farmed seafood should be an integral part of our business, that aquaculture is a critical source of a ordable protein now and in the future, and that farming can be done in a sustainable, responsible manner with reduced impacts on the environment and local communities.

Costco has been an active participant in the implementation of the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) shrimp standards from the early stages.

These global, performance based standards help to minimize key negative environmental and social impacts of shrimp farming.

Our goal ultimately is to source farmed shrimp from farms and suppliers that have been certi ed to ASC standards.

Wildlife Fund to develop and implement Aquaculture Improvement Projects (AIPs).

Costco is also a founding member of the Seafood Task Force (STF), which aims to drive greater business con dence for global seafood buyers purchasing from Asia by tackling illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU) shing establishing supply chain oversight from vessel to plate mitigating risk assuring traceability and improving social and environmental performance step by step.

More information about Costco’s shrimp sourcing, can be found in our July 2020 Costco Connection article, No small feat.

Costco does not intend to sell genetically modi ed salmon.

We are working with our suppliers to implement the ASC salmon standard representing years of collaboration among the industry, its customers and nongovernmental organizations.

Our goal is to source farmed salmon from farms and suppliers that have been certi ed to the ASC standard.

This goal has been partially achieved, and we are actively engaging to transition more salmon farms to reach the ASC standard by working with our suppliers and the World Wildlife Fund to generate momentum, collaboration, and accountability to the path to ASC.

Improvements in Chile have focused on key issues such as empowering local communities in salmon farming areas to better engage with companies on issues that impact them.

Many of Costco’s farmed salmon suppliers joined together in a pre competitive collaboration called the Global Salmon Initiative (GSI) and launched a commitment to reaching 100% certi cation by the most robust, credible aquaculture global standard, ASC.

In alignment with ASC indicators, GSI e orts have focused on the reduction of antibiotics and parasiticides, and the avoidance of wildlife interactions and escape events.

This encompasses progress toward more responsible feed ingredients, including a reduction of shmeal and oil use plus commitments to deforestation free terrestrial and feed ingredients.

Learn more about GSI’s progress towards ASC certi cation in their Sustainability Report.

We also are working with our suppliers concerning implementation of the ASC Pangasius Standard.

Our goal is to source pangasius from farms and suppliers that have been certi ed under the ASC standards.

A ve year e ort led to the development of the ASC tilapia standard completed in 2009.

Costco’s intent is to only sell tilapia from farms and suppliers that are ASC certi ed.

Costco encourages suppliers to work toward ASC certi cation.

Additional information about Costco’s Farmed Tilapia practices can be found in our August 2016 Costco Connection article, Tilapia royalty and on our Seafood Aquaculture products page.

We understand that aquaculture feed has an impact on wild sheries and feed ingredients sourced on land and support the newly released ASC Feed Standard.

In 2021, ASC released its long awaited feed standard that de nes requirements for responsible factory practices and marine and terrestrial ingredients in ASC certi ed aquaculture feed, including soy and shmeal oil.

The standard is currently undergoing a transition period for feed mills, farms and ingredients to move towards the standard, which becomes e ective in 2022.

The ASC Feed Standard uses an improvement model for marine ingredients, which requires feed mills to source from more sustainable sheries overtime.

For plant based ingredients, as with marine based, mills will have to record and report all ingredients that make up over 1% of a feed, and will need to take steps to ensure they have been sourced from supply chains with low risk for illegal deforestation.

Additionally, they will have to assess the risk of high risk and high volume ingredients that contribute to deforestation or land conversion, and must commit and report publicly to transitioning to a supply chain free from these key negative impacts.

This mechanism is based on internationally recognized steps by the Accountability Framework initiative (AFi) to work toward ethical supply chains.

More information about ASC’s aquaculture feed standards can be found on their website.

Costco's Chemical Management Policy strives to protect the health and safety of our members and the environment.

Through various processes we aim to deliver products that are safer, healthier and more sustainable.

Through our Chemical Management Policy, we aim to go beyond the boundaries of regulatory compliance, in an e ort to reduce or remove potential chemical harm to humans and to the environment.

In addition to contractually requiring our suppliers to comply with laws regarding chemicals in products and packaging, we provide guidance for preferred chemical choices by product category.

Identify chemicals of concern (COCs) utilizing comprehensive testing programs.

Remove or apply the process of informed substitution for any identi ed COCs.

Identify ways to change their manufacturing processes to reduce hazardous chemical use.

Consider obtaining quali ed third party green certi cations.

Product categories tested include toys and other products intended for children, food use, furniture, electrical, apparel and home textiles.

Examples of regulated chemicals include soluble heavy metals, heavy metals found in surface coating, Substance of Very High Concern (SVHCs), formaldehyde, ame retardants, dyes, phthalates, BPA and PFAS.

Costco regularly updates its Global Costco Restricted Substance Lists (RSLs see lists below) to keep up with global regulatory chemical restrictions in consumer products.

Beyond testing of many items for compliance with regulatory requirements, we work with major third party laboratories to identify and test for COCs in many items that are not legally prohibited.

These requirements include regulatory, industry and Costco analytical standards.

While we cannot test all products to our Smart Screening program, we have implemented a risk based approach in our product category selection process.

Signature , which includes items such as apparel, cleaning products and packaging.

Our attention does not stop with only Kirkland Signature items, however.

Items within other branded categories that may be subjected to the program using our risk based approach include apparel, bedding, home textiles, furniture, holiday decor, sporting goods items and products intended for pets, and related packaging.

Additional details about some of these categories and products are below.

Costco third party labs verify product speci cations for many products provided by suppliers, and physically test these products.

This program utilizes independent third parties to pull samples of consumer goods during Costco production to conduct analytical tests for both regulated chemicals and COCs.

Costco recognizes and accepts a number of third party certi cations into its Smart Screening program.

The third party certi ers aim to provide safe, traceable and sustainable products.

The largest category of products in the Costco Smart Screening Program is textiles.

This area is based on the Apparel and Footwear International RSL Management (AFIRM) Working Group.

The AFIRM Restricted Substance List (RSL) has been adopted by the third party testing labs that perform testing on Costco’s textile and footwear products.

Examples of products tested include apparel and footwear, sporting goods, luggage, handbags and home textiles such as blankets, sheets, rugs and towels.

More information, including publication of AFIRM’S RSL and Packaging RSL, which is used for testing Costco products, can be found at the AFIRM Group website.

Costco encourages its textile suppliers to implement in their supply chains the Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC) Manufacturing Restricted Substance List (MRSL). This manufacturer’s RSL assists factories in protecting workers, creating safe products for our members and eliminating harmful chemicals to the planet.

The Blue Way by BLUESIGN represents the vision and mindset of responsible and sustainable manufacturing of textile consumer products.

More information can be found on the BLUESIGN website.

The STANDARD 100 by OEKO TEX program is designed to protect consumer and environmental health by removing chemicals of concern (COCs) from products and their components.

The STANDARD 100 by OEKO TEX is an independent veri cation that products have been tested for harmful substances.

More information can be found on the OEKO TEX Standard website.

The LEATHER STANDARD by OEKO TEX is an internationally standardized testing and certi cation system for leather and leather goods at all production levels, including accessory materials.

More information can be found on the OEKO TEX Leather website.

Packaging of products that are part of the Costco Smart Screening Program use the AFIRM Group packaging material RSL.

Examples of packaging components include paper, wood, cartons, stickers, plastic wrap, nishing dyes, inks, coatings, metal, tape, textiles and desiccants.

More information can be found on the AFIRM website.

Many product categories that are tested but do not use Costco Smart Screening have their packaging tested by a third party lab to meet U.S. Toxics in Packaging Clearinghouse and EU heavy metal testing requirements.

Suppliers producing packaging for Kirkland Signature items must comply with the Costco RSL based on the AFIRM Packaging RSL.

The supplier will have items selected to be audited with Costco Smart Screening testing.

See the Costco Packaging Reference Chemical List in the Costco Restricted Substance Lists section below.

Food contact packaging materials used in the Costco meat department, bakery, deli and food court are tested in the Costco Smart Screening Program.

Examples of packaging include meat trays, bakery containers, deli tins and pizza boxes.

For more about Costco packaging, see the Packaging section in this Sustainability Commitment.

Suppliers are encouraged to provide Costco with ingredients either on the packaging, on their website or with a third party chemical management tool.

Costco tests for COCs using Costco Smart Screening on Kirkland Signature cleaning, health and beauty formulated products.

Costco recognizes and accepts certain third party certi cations into its Smart Screening program, which aim to provide safe, traceable and sustainable products.

An example of a third party certi er for formulated products would be Safer Choice.

Choice label to identify products made with safer ingredients for the health of families, pets, workplaces and the environment.

Safer Choice certi ed products have been carefully evaluated by EPA scientists.

Costco measures suppliers’ compliance with our policies by testing products for COCs using multi RSLs depending on product or article material.

Currently we are screening many of our products and their packaging, following our risk based approach in our product category selection process.

Chemical Testing The Costco Smart Screening Program section above.

When a COC is identi ed in a product or packaging, the information is provided to the suppliers.

Suppliers then work on corrective action plans by item.

We also provide suppliers with report cards summarizing four years of testing for all products of the supplier that have been screened.

These allow suppliers to investigate their supply chains across their operations.

Costco shares industry resources with our suppliers via the Costco Smart Screening Guide to help them navigate their chemical management.

The number of our Smart Screening reports has increased over the past four years.

Over the years, the Costco Smart Screening Program has tested more products and more product categories.

The Costco RSLs have also grown to keep up with industry standards, evolving science from our third party labs, and regulations.

The testing capabilities at the labs continue to improve, which allow them to screen for more chemicals each year.

In addition to the chemical increase to the packaging RSL, the scope of materials tested for packaging has expanded.

In earlier years some materials were not screened.

The Costco Restricted Substances Lists include substances that may or may not be currently regulated for a speci c material or product type.

Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), ame retardants, PFAs and more.

We encourage suppliers to limit the use of nonessential chemicals, to utilize eco friendly methods of pest and disease control, and to incorporate Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategies and other creative solutions that use the least toxic alternatives.

Suppliers are encouraged to phase out the use of neonicotinoids and chlorpyrifos, unless otherwise mandated by law and when necessary to avoid regrettable substitutions.

Costco seeks to partner with suppliers that share our commitment to pollinator health and IPM, and are making reasonable progress in a timely manner.

More information can be found in the Pollinator Health Chemical Reduction section of this Sustainability Commitment.

Partnering with our suppliers to develop their chemical management programs for their supply chain, we provide suppliers with Costco RSLs, Costco Smart Screening results, Good Manufacturing facility audits results and Costco Smart Screening guide to help them source suitable alternative components and materials.

We also work with chemical and consumer product industries to increase our understanding and to nd more environmentally friendly alternatives for chemicals and practices of concern.

We work with Dr. Sally Edwards and Dr. Ann Blake, our industry expert consultants, to review our chemicals management program and our Costco Smart Screening Program (conducted with the Berkeley Center for Green Chemistry and entitled Beyond Compliance at Costco: A Comparative Analysis of Chemical Assessment Frameworks and Recommendations for Best Practices, 2017 18), suggest enhancements, and to help us identify potential future trends.

We educate our buyers and suppliers globally on the process, expectations and their testing progress by providing them with safe alternative resources, third party certi cation programs and third party lab testing services.

The Costco Smart Screening Program provides information for suppliers on safe replacement chemicals and processes within The Costco Smart Screening User Guide.

While a majority of our merchandise is branded, Costco’s line of exclusive private  label products called Kirkland Signature continues to grow and expand.

Kirkland Signature has grown into a global brand with over 59 billion in sales in scal year 2021.

In developing Kirkland Signature products, we have better control over the entire supply chain, including where the product comes from, environmental impacts, labor conditions and under what conditions it is produced.

Our goals for Kirkland Signature items are that they: provide our members with high quality products at the lowest possible price are respectful of the people or animals who produce them and or are respectful of the environment in the way they are produced, grown, harvested, processed, transported and packaged.

Our buyers work with our suppliers to continually improve our sourcing practices to enhance the quality and value of Kirkland Signature products, expand traceability, provide a fair return to people in the supply chain, and facilitate access to global or regional markets.

Traceability is important for several key reasons.

It enables Costco to know the quality and safety of the product to examine issues related to environmental impacts to list product origin information on the label and to help people in the supply chain receive a fair return, so that the product can succeed in the long term.

A fair return in the supply chain is important for Costco to be successful, its suppliers must thrive.

This commitment helps to ensure long term supply and quality while also using market based approaches to address poverty and malnutrition.

Costco believes a fair return is more than the price paid for the item.

It includes programs that (1) support producers (i.e., ranchers, farmers, growers workers) and their communities through training for higher yields, quality and adaptation to climate change and extreme weather events (2) pay premiums for high quality products and (3) improve access to health care, education, housing, clean water, and nutritious food for farmers workers and their communities.

We're working toward these goals one item at a time.

Though there is still a ways to go in certain areas to meet these goals, we are also encouraged by stories of success in the Kirkland Signature items to date, some of which are highlighted on the Product Category pages.

In order to secure long term supply, ensure quality products, create e ciencies, and eliminate unnecessary costs, Costco has been exploring vertical integration and in country processing of some key Kirkland Signature items, summarized below.

Costco and LPP aim to create a vertically integrated chicken complex that: incorporates state of the art equipment and design in its buildings provides signi cant economic bene t to the local community and farmers treats the chickens in accordance with the highest animal welfare standards is environmentally responsible, and provides our members with the highest quality product at the lowest possible price.

The chicken complex is located on approximately 430 acres, and includes a feed mill, hatchery, processing plant and testing laboratory.

The facilities are designed to conserve water, prevent runo and treat the water before returning to the watershed.

More information about water usage can be found on the Water Minimization page.

The chicken complex employs approximately 1,100 people.

Besides paying good wages and providing competitive bene ts such as health care, 401(k) retirement opportunities, and paid vacation and sick leave, the plant will be subject to audits conducted by an independent third party auditor to ensure it is in compliance with the same Costco Supplier Code of Conduct that other Costco suppliers worldwide abide by.

More information about our Supplier Code of Conduct can be found on our Human Rights page.

The chicken complex relies on the support of more than 125 local farmers to grow the chickens required for the successful operation of the complex.

Growers receive a 15 year GIPSA contract (USDA Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration), with a guaranteed base pay and the ability to earn a bonus.

The state of the art barns and equipment are built according to Costco LPP speci cations and are grower owned and or operated.

LPP provides growers with the chicks, feed (see below), feed management plan, technical expertise and veterinary services.

Grower contracts allow for peer review for grower improvement programs and to resolve disputes.

Growers will be subject to strict animal welfare procedures audited by independent third party auditors, and biosecurity measures approved and monitored by the Nebraska Department of Agriculture.

More information on Animal Welfare can be found on the Animal Welfare page.

The feed mill sources corn and soybeans from local farmers, which adds another economic bene t to the region surrounding the chicken complex.

These grains are used to provide nutritious feed for the growers at no additional cost, as feed is included in the grower contracts.

For more information, here is a video from a local grower.

In 2017, Costco began producing frozen baked goods to ship to our Canadian in warehouse bakeries.

In 2019, shipments expanded to the U.S and then in 2020 to Mexico.

The 93,700 square foot state of the art facility features four production lines that produce only eight items for the greatest e ciency.

Focusing on producing our high volume items for Costco Bakeries, while controlling costs and maintaining the highest quality of ingredients, allows us to lower the cost to our members.

As a new production facility, the commissary has been able to achieve less than 3% waste from all lines.

This waste is then shipped o site and converted into animal feed, which reduces the waste leaving the facility to a minimum.

Utilizing bulk ingredient delivery systems also keeps the packaging of plastic and cardboard to a minimum.

We continually search for opportunities to reduce food waste when producing Kirkland Signature items.

Moving our egg packaging to a clear clamshell has reduced food waste by 9 million eggs annually, which diverts 1.2 million pounds of food from the waste stream every year.

The clear packaging allows members full visibility of the product, prevents leakage from excess handling and keeps the egg from breaking while in transport from the egg producer.

For more information, please visit the Packaging page.

Canadian Bakery Commissary and produced on lines that have less than 3% waste.

This waste is shipped o site and converted into animal feed.

The majority of Kirkland Signature chocolate products are made from cocoa sourced through sustainable programs, some of which are from Costco’s Sassandra Cocoa program, sourcing cocoa from C te d’Ivoire and Ecuador.

The Sassandra Program ( Program ) is a partnership that began with Costco, Blommer and Olam in October 2009, and is named after the Sassandra River in the southwest region of C te d’Ivoire.

This is the original location of the cooperatives from where we source our cocoa beans.

Since then, the Program has expanded and remains exclusive to Costco.

The Program in C te d’Ivoire is designed to provide a quality product that is traceable, improves pro ts and livelihoods for the farmers cooperative members, and introduces respectful environmental practices.

Each of our cooperatives are audited annually by an independent third party.

To date, these audits have been conducted by Intertek.

Costco is dedicated to preventing and remediating child labor wherever it is found.

Unfortunately, child labor is a long term systemic issue in cocoa supply chains and requires a multi faceted approach focusing on continuous improvement and broadening awareness.

We have had child labor monitoring and remediation programs in place for several years.

When cases of child labor are identi ed our partners begin to work on implementing a remediation plan for that family.

They also conduct follow up visits to ensure the remediation plan is e ective.

More speci c in depth Sassandra Program information can be found in the C te d’Ivoire Report and the Costco Connection article, Cocoa channels.

Additional information about cocoa and forest conservation can be found on our Environmental Impacts page.

Costco also sources a small percentage of cocoa from Ecuador.

We supported a program in 2018 19 with our partners Blommer and Heifer International that was aimed at improving the living conditions of cocoa farmers in the Ecuadorian Amazon.

As a result, cocoa producing households in this program improved their incomes and strengthened their resilience against climate change.

More information can be found in the Ecuador Report.

Costco has numerous Kirkland Signature co ee items sourced from around the world.

This certi cation re ects Costco’s commitment to source sustainably grown co ee and to maintain quality relationships with the farmers who supply it.

Other co ee items are supported by sustainability programs that focus on farmer training, education, housing and or health care.

Family perks, as well this Rwandan video and Guatemalan video.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Ground Colombian Co ee is nitrogen ushed, allowing for a lighter can, which in turn allows Costco to put fewer trucks on the road and to lower its carbon footprint.

However, this income is low due to lower productivity.

A portion of past Costco sales supports the Hope in a Coconut program, which improves farmer incomes through the replanting of higher yield seedlings, intercrop training, education opportunities and direct market linkages.

As of June 2021, the program has shown an average 92% increase in total income for program farmers compared to 2016 when the program was started.

This is due to increased coconut yields as well as income generation from the intercropping of fruit and vegetables, and raising livestock.

More information can be found in this Hope in a Coconut program summary.

Farmers in this program are trained and given resources on how to grow vegetables and other cash crops.

This proved to be helpful when COVID 19 caused local markets to close and people had di culty accessing fresh and nutritious food.

For stories about some of the farmers in the program and how they have been able to provide for themselves, their family and their community, please view our Hope Stories summary.

Access to and availability of classrooms is a challenge in the Philippines.

This has directly bene ted 1,700 students under the age of 13.

These elementary schools are located in coconut farming communities in the Southern Philippines where access to public school is limited.

Some of these classrooms are in indigenous people and Islamic communities, where the mother tongue child’s language is used as the medium of instruction and the curriculum includes indigenized classes.

Costco does not support the use of monkeys for coconut harvesting.

We are committed to ensure suppliers abide by these same principles and only use human labor.

Where there is a known risk due to cultural norms that may have allowed this practice, we require our suppliers to contractually prohibit the use of any animal labor from their coconut providers.

We also require these suppliers to audit their farms and have a third party independently verify compliance.

Costco works closely with a number of egg producers to source organic eggs across the U.S. We support several producers in converting conventional operations to organic: More information can be found in this August 2011 Costco Connection article, The chicken, the egg and the future and this Wilcox Farms video.

The estimate showed that the highest GHG emissions were produced through feed, followed by transport and manure management.

Once aware, these farmers started to take action to lower emissions, which were reduced over the three year period by 14% for the entire supply chain.

More information can be found in this 2012 case study, Measuring and Mitigating the Carbon Footprint of Organic Eggs.

Costco is committed to providing cage free shelled egg options for our members and continues to increase the percentage of cage free eggs it sells worldwide.

More information can be found at our Animal Welfare page.

In addition, Kirkland Signature Liquid Eggs are 100% cage free.

The Kirkland Signature Organic Milk program is o ered to our members throughout the U.S. We have partnered with suppliers that provide high quality milk at competitive prices.

To learn more about one of these suppliers that also has an excellent animal welfare program and works with Costco to ensure a long term supply of organic milk and feed can be found in this Organic Milk video.

Other Kirkland Signature milk suppliers are featured in the Costco Connection article, Dairy queens.

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil.

For that reason and others, Costco continues to source the soy for Kirkland Signature Organic Soy Non Dairy Beverage and Kirkland Signature Organic Non Dairy Vanilla Soy Beverage from the U.S. and Canada.

In addition, Costco o ers its members additional Kirkland Signature plant based alternative beverages sourced from oats, almonds, coconuts and rice.

Silk recently unveiled its rst lineup of Bee Better Certi ed almondmilk products available exclusively at Costco.

The Bee Better Certi cation applies to Silk’s line of organic items sold at Costco, including original, unsweetened, and unsweetened vanilla products, and represents a veri ed achievement to make almond farms better for bees.

Almond farms certi ed to the Bee Better standard have planted habitat to provide food and shelter to bees and promote integrated pest management practices that are safer for bees.

Brand Showcase and in Bee Better Certi ed: One Acre At A Time article.

Costco Gas Station maintenance and equipment are designed to limit emissions arising from station operations, and to contain vapor.

In addition, our stations have corrosion proof, double wall underground storage tanks and piping that are continuously monitored for leakage.

Finally, our station attendants are trained and certi ed on safety and environmental issues.

Kirkland Signature gasoline helps deliver optimal engine performance and e ciency.

More information can be found on the Kirkland Signature Gasoline page.

Mayorga Organics focuses exclusively on organic crops and develops direct relationships with smallholder farmers in the more remote regions of Latin America.

The company focuses on crop diversi cation and crop rotation to ensure that small farmers maintain healthy soils and diversi ed sources of income.

Mayorga supports producers with access to nancing, payment advances, agronomists, and seeds, and by paying fair prices.

For more information, please view this video from Mayorga’s partner chia farmers.

Hemp hearts, the soft inner center of the hemp seed, come from the same plant that has been used to make paper, rope, clothing, and other products.

Our Canadian sourced Hemp hearts are supplied by Manitoba Harvest, a certi ed B Corporation, whose mission to transform consumer health starts simply and sustainably with hemp.

Manitoba Harvest’s Hemp is grown without herbicides or pesticides.

They work with growers to provide agronomic coaching for eld selection and crop rotation, and seed fertility practices, and to meet requirements for organic certi cation.

As of spring 2018, Manitoba Harvest is certi ed under the Carbonzero program.

Minneapolis based o ces, are o set with wind power.

Learn more about Hemp Hearts in these Costco Connection articles: Hemp hearts buzz and Glutton for gluten free.

Costco has a long history of supporting smallholder olive farms.

Every grower is registered The number of trees and yields on each property are veri ed and Each bottle is numbered in Tuscany under the strict guidelines of PGI to ensure traceability, authenticity and quality.

More information can be found in this Tuscan Olive Oil video.

Kirkland Signature 100% Italian Extra Virgin Olive Oil, sourced from outside Tuscany, is certi ed by an independent third party organization, with each bottle carrying an ISO certi ed sticker.

We continue to expand our certi ed single origin olive oil o erings from Greece, Italy and Spain.

More information can be found in this Spanish Olive Oil video.

Costco is a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is committed to ensuring that the palm oil, palm kernel oil, palm kernel expeller and other palm based derivatives and fractions ( palm oil ) contained in Kirkland Signature products is responsibly sourced.

Our goal is that all palm oil used in Kirkland Signature products is 100% RSPO certi ed (or equivalent), with a preference for physical palm.

For a product to be RSPO certi ed, it must come from producers that have met the RSPO Principles and Criteria, which covers the most signi cant environmental and social impacts of palm oil production and the immediate inputs to production, such as seed, chemical, and water, and social impacts related to on farm labour and community relations.

These range from environmental protections, such as bans on new plantings on peatlands and burning forests to clearing new areas.

Per RSPO reporting requirements, the reporting calendar year represents that year’s data, which is reported in May of the following year.

For example, in May 2022, we reported 2021 calendar year data.

Mass Balance, whereas RSPO Certi ed may include the Book and Claim System.

RSPO and on our Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page.

Costco understands that soy is a major driver of tropical deforestation in countries such as Brazil.

For that reason and others, Costco will continue to source Kirkland Signature Soybean Oil and Kirkland Signature Vegetable Oil made from soybean oil from the U.S. and Canada.

Costco understands that the honeybee population is experiencing multiple health threats.

Honeybees are necessary for the pollination of approximately one third of food consumed, including fruit, nuts and vegetables.

Since 2012, Costco has invested over 6.5 million in honeybee health by contributing a portion of its sales of Kirkland Signature Honey items to the nonpro t honeybee research organization Project Apis m. (PAm).

The projects that Costco supports continue to expand.

Long Term Stock Improvement, which includes breeding and developing varroa resistant bees for a sustainable, chemical free varroa control option and maintaining a functioning and sustainable genetic repository for honeybee germplasm to safeguard the genetic integrity and diversity of honeybees against future health threats.

More information can be found here, The Hilo Bee Project Varroa Resistant Bee video.

Apiculture Technology Transfer Teams give U.S. beekeepers technical support in the eld, survey honeybee health and educate beekeepers about Best Management Practices.

These teams save beekeepers money, prevent losses and help to keep a nger on the pulse of bee health nationwide.

Scholarship Grants provide to date more than 847,000 to support the future of honeybee research.

The next generation of bee scientists bring new ideas, skills and dedication to the eld of experts.

The program recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students who are pursuing research based doctoral degrees in elds within the Project Apis m. mission of enhancing honeybee health while improving crop production.

More information about these scholars in the U.S. and Canada can be found here: PAm Costco Scholars.

Seeds for Bees Forage puts blooming plants back on the agricultural landscape, helping bees get the nutrition they need to stay healthy, pollinate, and make honey all while increasing soil health and water in ltration.

For more information, please view The 2021 Seeds for Bees Impact Report.

The Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund establishes high quality pollinator habitat to ensure honeybee and monarch butter y population health.

The Midwest is a critical area where e orts are focused to support honey production, pollination and native pollinators.

For more information, please view The 2021 Bee and Butter y Habitat Fund Impact Report.

Casa Apis is a cooperative of over 700 small scale beekeepers in Northeast Brazil that is the source of Kirkland Signature Organic Raw Honey.

Costco has a 100,000 grant to support e orts to plant drought tolerant native trees in their community.

As of August 2021, a total of 15,860 trees have been planted.

More information about the project with Casa Apis can be found here: Trees for Bees.

In 2019, Costco introduced an additional honey category: 100% Local Raw Un ltered Honey from various regions around the U.S. More information can be found in the following Costco Connection articles, Bee local and Honeybee health, in the Pollinator Health Chemical Reduction section, and at ProjectApism.org.

The pepper we use is sourced from Vietnam, including from farmers in the Quang Tri Province.

The top of the pepper grinder is removable to allow the grinder to be re lled and reused.

The clear jar is now composed of 50% recycled PET and is recyclable.

Additional shrink wrap lm has been removed from the display tray, which reduces the amount of overall plastic packaging.

Organic farming contributes to healthy land stewardship.

Costco’s selection of organic products in FY 2020 continued to grow worldwide to meet our members’ demands.

Examples include fruit, vegetables, meat, eggs, cheese, milk, butter, grains, nuts, co ee, tea, juice, wine, beer, spices, oils, sauces, snacks and cotton.

Some are local to the individual geographic region and others are o ered worldwide.

We have many excellent suppliers that help us grow and expand our organic o erings.

One example is Earthbound Farm that grows various produce items using eld practices to support soil health, promote natural pest management and weed control, and improve food safety.

Where it makes sense we work with suppliers and growers to support the conversion of conventional supplies to organic.

A key component of the sustainable growth of protein organics, such as eggs, chicken, beef, pork, etc., is organic feed.

Costco works with its suppliers and their feed suppliers to learn the impact that this growing demand for feed has on farmers’ future security, yields and income.

Greenhouses are another form of sustainable agriculture that we are exploring with our suppliers.

In 2019, Costco began to sell romaine lettuce grown in a California greenhouse.

More information can be found in the Kirkland Signature section.

In addition, there will be 0% of water runo and minimal to 0% of erosion due to no tillage.

Another example is Windset Farms that grows tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers in greenhouses through sustainable practices that include water and energy conservation, the use of renewable energy, and recyclable packaging.

This means that these roses are traceable to the farm and these certi ed suppliers meet standards that: protect ecosystems, wildlife habitats and pollinator health conserve water and soil promote decent and safe working conditions ensure that the farms are good neighbors to rural communities and wildlands and mitigate and adapt their business to climate change.

These suppliers also support their local communities through scholarship programs and childcare centers.

For the UK market, Costco began sourcing its fresh cut roses from Kenya through our supplier MM Flowers and farms of the VP Group.

Costco’s rose suppliers are limiting the use of chemicals and more information can be found on our Pollinator Health Chemical Reduction page.

Costco’s suppliers of live goods (indoor and outdoor plants) and fresh owers are working to phase out harmful chemicals.

More information can be found on our Pollinator Health Chemical Reduction page.

Costco recognizes that beef production has an impact on the environment and, depending upon the beef production practices employed, the impact may be negative, positive, or somewhere in between.

Costco encourages suppliers to support good land stewardship practices.

There are concerns that beef production contributes to tropical deforestation in countries such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay.

Our intent is not to source beef from high risk deforestation regions until comprehensive traceability and monitoring systems are in place.

We conduct surveys with our suppliers to con rm compliance.

We also identi ed one ground beef item being sold in one region that contained less than 1 percent of Argentine beef.

We are working with our supplier to address this issue.

Costco is a member of the U.S. and Canadian Roundtables for Sustainable Beef, with a mission to advance, support, and communicate continuous improvement in the sustainability of U.S. and Canadian beef production by educating and engaging the beef value chain through a collaborative multi stakeholder e ort.

Costco, in partnership with others in the U.S., is exploring how it can support ranchers to evaluate their management practices with key indicators linked to economic, social, livestock and environmental outcomes.

Costco also engages with the Australian Beef Sustainability Framework.

Costco recognizes that one of the greatest threats to native grasslands or prairies is conversion to cropland.

We also recognize that responsible beef production can be linked to the preservation of native grasslands in places like the Northern Great Plains (NGP) of the U.S., where the intact grasslands ecosystem is compatible with responsible cattle grazing.

Responsible grazing maintains the health of grasslands, improves soil quality with manure, and preserves open space and wildlife habitat.

Additionally, carbon is sequestered in the grasses and soils of grazing lands that are properly managed.

Beef production also provides social bene ts by sustaining livelihoods and community vibrancy in rural areas where grasslands dominate.

Keeping the NGP as grasslands not only helps conserve biodiversity, but it also means cleaner streams, less fertilizer runo , more pollinators for plants and more carbon stored in the soil.

A key element of the pilot was to increase uptake of technology and monitoring tools or, in cases where useful tools did not exist, identify gaps for ecological monitoring and continuous improvement.

Costco purchased subscriptions of the professional version of the application for ranchers enrolled in the pilot.

Throughout 2020, WWF promoted MaiaGrazing as a valuable tool for enrolled ranchers to plan their grazing management and rotations.

While the uptake of the tool has been lower than expected, additional e orts are being reviewed to determine its viability.

This program partnership has since concluded and we learned valuable lessons to apply to our future rancher engagements.

Finally, Costco is aware of the need for protein diversi cation as an additional way to address deforestation and climate change.

We continue to grow our selection of plant based proteins, as an alternative protein o ering to our members.

Our growth in this area has been dependent upon availability and some examples include Kirkland Signature beverages and the Beyond Meat Burger plant based protein sales.

In Alaska, sustainable management of salmon is protected by the Alaska State Constitution and serves as a model for sustainability.

Costco supplier Trident Seafoods maintains full ownership and control of the Alaskan salmon it provides to Costco.

Boneless Canned Pink and Sockeye Salmon, Kirkland Signature Wild Alaskan Salmon Burgers, Kirkland Signature Wild Alaskan Smoked Sockeye Salmon, and Pure Alaska Omega Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil.

A ve year e ort led to the development of the ASC tilapia standard completed in 2009.

Costco is from farms and suppliers that are ASC certi ed, including Regal Springs.

More information can be found in our August 2016 Costco Connection article, Tilapia royalty.

This allows Costco members a more consistent cooking experience.

However, this left the thinner bottom loin of the tilapia as potential waste.

Costco decided to partner with several of their nationally branded frozen sh suppliers such as Trident and High Liner Foods to nd a solution.

The result was the creation of many value added frozen tilapia items found in Costco’s freezer section such as Highliner Tortilla Crusted Tilapia and Trident Panko Breaded Tilapia.

This is also a way for Costco to keep costs low and provide more value to our members.

We began a cotton traceability program in 2019 to further understand where the cotton in our Kirkland Signature apparel is coming from.

In addition, our Kirkland Signature products made from Pima and or extra long staple length (ELS) cotton require DNA testing protocols to verify these species.

DNA testing is completed in multiple stages of the supply chain.

Kirkland Signature Bed Sheets are made from Pima cotton grown in the Central Valley of California.

Through a patented technology, a program to test the traceability of cotton ber through the entire supply chain has been established.

This helps track the purity of the cotton and verify the manufacturing process from the elds to our shelves, ensuring higher quality.

More information can be found in this Cotton Traceability video.

Company (BFCo), a family owned and operated farm in California.

Beyond compliance with regulatory requirements, BFCo has initiated programs and practices focused on protecting workers and the environment in areas of soil health, climate change, and water conservation.

GOTS is the global industry leader in certifying textiles processing for organic bers, including cotton.

The GOTS system certi es the product throughout the entire textile supply chain, ensuring the organic status of cotton from raw materials to the end consumer.

Recycled fabric technology is currently a hot topic in the textile industry.

To ensure recycled textile claims are veri ed and validated, Costco requires one of the two approved certi cations, the Recycled Claim Standard (RCS) or Global Recycled Standard (GRS) certi cation programs.

Our goal is for our suppliers to create wood, paper and ber based products with as little impact to the ecosystem as possible while still delivering the quality and price that our members demand.

After a 10 year moratorium on teak, in 2015 we began selling a limited amount of outdoor teak furniture that was 100% FSC certi ed and we continue to require that teak sold at Costco is FSC 100% certi ed.

Costco has expanded FSC certi cation to other species of solid wood products, including FSC certi ed cedar wood playsets, gazebos, bee houses, outdoor furniture and pavilions.

To learn more about our product testing of furniture products, please visit our Chemical Management page.

Our packaging goals are to reduce the amount, while still protecting the product’s integrity.

Fiber for paper based packaging should come from known sources, should be procured legally and should not contribute to deforestation.

Because there is a limited supply of certi ed ber, we highly encourage the use of recycled content whenever possible.

In FY20, all of our U.S. Ecommerce shipping boxes ful lled by Costco used 100% recycled content.

In FY21, due to increased demand for ecommerce products and supply constraints, we had to supplement some boxes that did not utilize 100% recycled content.

More information can be found on the Packaging page.

Virgin wood bers should come from certi ed, well managed forests that don’t contribute to deforestation or degradation.

Kirkland Signature Bath Tissue, Paper Towels, Napkins, Facial Tissue, Parchment Paper, Gift Wrap and Daily Facial Towelettes all carry forest certi cations with the majority of ber coming from FSC.

We are working to expand that to warehouses and gas stations worldwide.

Japanese gas station receipts now use ber from FSC certi ed sources, according to supply reports.

More information can be found on our Chemical Management page.

In the U.S., according to supplier reports, the paper used for the Costco Connection magazine, Costco.com mailer, Business Savings Event mailer, Costco Services magazine, Holiday Savings Guide, Costco Travel Guide Savings Guides, and Costco Auto Program Showcase iers are certi ed to FSC or SFI standards.

U.S. Multivendor mailers use ber from FSC certi ed sources, although there is no certi cation claim on it.

In Canada, the Costco Connection magazine, Wellness ier, and Costco.ca insert are certi ed to the FSC standard, according to supplier reports.

More information can be found on the Forest Conservation Commitment section of the Environmental Impacts Land Stewardship page.

Costco is committed to providing members with wipes that are sourced in an environmentally responsible  manner.

For example, Kirkland Signature Baby Wipes are made with biodegradable, renewable bers derived from 100% plant based materials.

The bers for Kirkland Signature Daily Facial Towelettes are responsibly sourced and now the product is FSC certi ed.

Kirkland Signature Flushable Wipes are also transitioning to FSC certi cation.

Doing the right thing for our members, employees, suppliers, investors, and the health of our global community is a driving force for continuous improvement at Costco and creates the foundation of our Climate Action Plan.

This page has been updated as of July 2022 to share our progress since December 2021.

At the current rate of growth of global carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) emissions, the negative e ects of climate change extreme weather events, ocean acidi cation, wild res, rising sea levels, resource scarcity, deforestation, loss of biodiversity, forced migration, racial injustice, economic inequality and more will likely cause the greatest disruption to life in human history.

Change (IPCC) 6th Assessment Report documents the global scienti c consensus that global warming will exceed 1.5 C during the coming years unless deep reductions in carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gas emissions occur in the coming decades.

At Costco, we remain committed to doing our part to address our environmental and social impact in partnership with our global stakeholders.

These e orts are both a business imperative and the right thing to do.

Action Plan is our roadmap to lowering greenhouse gas emissions.

We are listening to our shareholders’ request to accelerate our actions.

In this update, we share our progress to date and plans to continue to improve.

The subjects we address are multi faceted, as evidenced by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) we have adopted (as shown above and explained in our Sustainability Commitment introduction) Our approach must encompass worldwide operations and global supply chains and We must use evidence based best practices and take actions rooted in science.

We focus on issues related to our business and where we can contribute to real, results driven positive impact.

We do not have all of the answers, are learning as we go and seek continuous improvement.

Our FY21 FY24 10 Point Climate Action Plan addresses the climate impacts attributed to our global operations and supply chain.

Meaningful climate action takes into account all of these issues because all of these issues are interconnected.

Our transition to a low carbon business model that is sustainable for our planet and represents a just transition for our employees, members and suppliers will be a monumental challenge for us and others.

Plan focuses on areas that have the potential to reduce our global CO2e footprint, conserve water and minimize waste generation.

We are actively exploring opportunities, ideas, pilot projects and sector initiatives for improvements in areas of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 footprint.

We acknowledge the value of the Science Based Target Initiative’s (SBTi) Corporate Net Zero Standard as a guiding framework for ambitious climate strategy, and we will continue to utilize SBTi’s guidance as we evaluate solutions.

Those solutions must be operationally viable and ful ll our obligations to our shareholders, employees, members and the communities we serve.

We respect the 2022 shareholder vote and have accelerated our Climate Action Plan milestones.

While we are guided by Science Based Targets, we are not in a position to adopt them until we have plans to achieve them that are speci c and achievable.

As explained more fully below, we are working diligently on those plans.

That being said, we understand and appreciate the urgency to address climate change and are committed to doing our part to help achieve a 1.5 degree pathway.

In parallel, we will pursue water conservation and waste minimization initiatives across our operations and supply chain.

To date, we have made initial targets and absolute emission reduction commitments for Scopes 1 and 2, and are examining additional pathways for further reduction.

We are in the process of estimating our Scope 3 emissions inventory, and we will begin to develop Scope 3 reduction options during the second half of 2022.

We will provide our expanded Scope 1, 2 and 3 Action Plans in December 2022, in addition to other TCFD prescribed recommendations.

Since December 2021, we have accelerated our plans to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e emissions.

In addition to the immediate warehouse operations and energy challenges (Scope 1 and Scope 2), we must openly embrace the technically complex work of decarbonizing our global supply chain and uses of our sold products (Scope 3).

We are invested in this work with suppliers and partners, employees and a range of stakeholders.

For the rst time, Costco will submit a Forests Questionnaire in this year’s CDP reporting cycle, which closed on July 27.

That submission joins a Climate Questionnaire for 2022.

As new standards, frameworks and regulatory requirements evolve, we will continue providing TCFD aligned disclosure, Greenhouse Gas Protocol aligned emissions data and a foundation of SASB based sustainability accounting (soon to be ISSB).

These complementary approaches seek to align our measurement and reporting with the expectations of our global stakeholders.

Explored emerging regulatory requirements through the lens of best practices in global retail and other industries.

Board (CARB) and examining policy directives from our U.S. and international markets.

Conducted climate related scenario planning sessions with top leadership to examine the risks and opportunities associated with several global warming scenarios on Costco's business.

Further details are listed below under Aligning with TCFD.

Added talent and expertise to our Sustainability and Compliance teams to accelerate progress on our Climate Action Plan.

Technical Assistance Review (STAR) framework to help manage warehouse CO2e emissions.

Actively engaged global business lines and functional teams to evaluate, design and implement Scope 1 and 2 reduction opportunities.

This work involves nancial and operational analysis of refrigerant leak reduction, vehicle electri cation, vehicle charging infrastructure and renewable energy, as well as other key categories.

Initiated pilots to explore new decarbonization opportunities.

These test, trial and pilot programs explore additional decarbonization opportunities.

Made progress on our reductions of Scope 1 and 2 emissions based on comparing our 2020 veri ed baseline emissions to our FY21 veri ed emissions.

See Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Reductions below for a summary.

Estimated preliminary Scope 3 emissions baselines and began developing a Scope 3 Action Plan.

We are learning from our STAR initiative and our global supplier network to develop a plan to reduce emissions across the supply chain.

Worked to establish our preliminary initial Scope 3 CO2e inventory estimates following Greenhouse Gas Protocol guidance for ve of the 15 categories that we nd are material.

Surveyed our top 500 suppliers to understand their emissions tracking and some aspects of their reduction e orts.

Survey results included Scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2e footprint and reduction targets, supplier progress toward goals, and water and packaging related information.

Survey results also revealed the initial maturity and objectives of these suppliers which will determine the level of future engagement needed.

Survey results revealed almost 30% (based upon U.S. sales) of suppliers state they are aligned with Science Based Targets.

We plan to share our preliminary Supplier Engagement Strategy at our September Global Supplier meeting as part of our joint e orts to reduce emissions.

Executive Level Climate Related Scenario Planning.

We conducted an in depth climate related scenario analysis with our top 25 global executives in April 2022.

This scenario analysis explored climate related risks and opportunities (physical and transition) to operations, supply chain, members, employees, reputation and products.

We identi ed key implications for strengthening the resilience of the business around the world, including potential vulnerability to Costco's supply chain and suppliers.

We are extending this critical work with a second scenario planning session at the end of July to incorporate the next layer of executive leaders and determine relevant initiatives and response plans to address the identi ed risks and opportunities.

We conducted a detailed assessment of our current reporting compared to TCFD recommendations and will publish additional TCFD aligned disclosures later in 2022.

These will position us to comply with evolving regulatory requirements, many of which are TCFD based.

By the end of 2022, Costco will begin disclosing information using TCFD’s framework of Core Elements and Recommendations as a guide.

This builds on our 2020 adoption of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standard.

TCFD’s Core Element of Governance focuses on the role of the Board of Directors and management team.

Earlier this year, Costco’s Board of Directors o cially made sustainability a core part of the charter and responsibility for the Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee.

On the management side, Costco’s sustainability strategy continues to be led by our Vice President of Global Sustainability and Compliance, who reports directly to the CEO and regularly engages the executive team and the Board.

Costco recently launched our ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) Executive Advisory Council, which brings together leaders from across the company to chart goals and strategy.

As mentioned above, Costco launched a detailed climate related scenario analysis process in Spring 2022.

This critical tool is central to TCFD’s framework and increasingly expected in major markets, including the UK and the upcoming climate disclosure rule in the U.S.

We brought together our global executives in person to consider the potential impacts to Costco, our members, our suppliers and our communities.

Potential impacts were identi ed under multiple scenarios one in which coordinated global action achieves average warming of well below 2.0 C, another aligned with a 2.0 3.0 C warmer world with much less policy and market coordination, and a third scenario with similar policy and market fragmentation and average warming exceeding 3.0 C.

This summer, we will bring this strategy framework to the next level of our managers and further explore the range of climate related risks and opportunities that Costco may encounter in the future.

Building on the scenario analysis described above, Costco is currently identifying and assessing climate related risks and opportunities.

This includes physical risks, such as potential impacts from extreme weather events on our suppliers and members, as well as important new regulatory and policy requirements across our major markets.

Costco’s TCFD disclosure later this year will represent one major step toward readiness in this area, as we look ahead to future requirements and stakeholder expectations.

In January 2022, we publicly disclosed our preliminary Scope 1 and 2 reduction targets (see additional detail in the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Reductions section below).

We are pursuing further decarbonization opportunities ahead of our December 2022 disclosures.

Alongside our 2022 CDP Climate submission, Costco also will submit our 2022 CDP Forest submission in July.

We also continue to reduce waste from our operations and deploy new sensors and management systems for water e ciency.

In the area of climate, we expanded our CO2e emissions inventory analysis over the past six months to cover all materially relevant Scope 3 categories.

Throughout the second half of this year, Costco will continue to connect our sustainability metrics to the climate related risks and opportunities identi ed through scenario analysis and risk assessment, discussed above.

That strategic integration will enable us to share our targets and goals with our members, suppliers and community of stakeholders in an updated Climate Action Plan by the end of this year.

We will continue, as appropriate and until stated otherwise, to report our emissions and participate in the CDP, established by the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.

Reduce carbon emissions through energy and refrigeration projects Purchase more renewable electricity and install on site renewables when operationally feasible and Acquire high quality, veri ed renewable energy certi cates (RECs) after exhausting all other cost e ective reduction pathways.

Our calendar year 2020 Scope 1 and 2 CO2e footprint was veri ed by SCS Global Services.

We are using this baseline to set absolute reduction targets and measure our future actions.

We have engaged SCS Global Services to verify our FY21 Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions, which will be reported to CDP.

Scope 1: Hydro uorocarbons (i.e., HFCs) and other gases from our refrigeration units in our warehouses and Scope 2: Purchased electricity that powers our warehouses and corporate o ces.

Scope 1: Accelerate the phase out of HFCs and increase our investment in refrigeration retro ts to reduce refrigerant emission Global Warming Potential (GWP) by 30% by 2030 as compared to our 2020 baseline.

Scope 2: Increase purchased renewable electricity in our global operations from 15.8% in 2021 to 30% by 2025 60% by 2030 and 100% by 2035.

Between these two actions we are committing to an annual 2% per year reduction target for global Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

We estimate this would reduce our cumulative Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 20% by 2030 and 45% by 2035 from a 2020 base year.

We will disclose the remainder of our Scope 1 and 2 decarbonization strategy in our December update.

This will build on ongoing Scope 1 and 2 analysis across our global footprint, including the piloting of alternative fuel vehicles in our Depot and Business Center eets, testing refrigerant leak reduction technology, and evaluating broader electri cation opportunities within our warehouses.

Successfully implementing this decarbonization strategy depends upon many factors, some of which are beyond our control.

Examples include, but are not limited to, changes in the international and national policy and regulatory landscape, permitting requirements, the availability of refrigerant equipment and low GWP refrigerant alternatives, the availability of quali ed refrigerant and HVAC service providers, requisite supply of renewable energy, COVID 19 pandemic related socio economic and public health risks, as well as the direct and indirect impact of global climate change on our operations and global value chain.

In addition to the aforementioned progress, we are focusing on Scope 3 emission reduction opportunities across material Categories with an emphasis on Category 1 and Category 11, as they represent the largest contributions to our current footprint.

This is our largest challenge, given the large share of our emissions contributed by Scope 3 and our dependence on third parties to achieve reductions.

Sector and Removals guidance as we consider our approach to Scope 3 reductions.

We understand the urgency for better understanding our Scope 3 emissions impact and are focusing our e orts on nding improvement opportunities across our supply chain.

Scope 1 Direct Emissions include all natural gas and propane provided to owned or controlled facilities used for heating or food processing and manufacturing.

Included in direct emissions are diesel used by Costco’s truck eets, refrigerated trailers and yard haulers propane to power mobile oor scrubbers jet fuel for corporate jets and fugitive emissions from HFC refrigerants from refrigeration and air conditioning equipment.

Scope 2 Indirect Emissions are for purchased electricity and comprise the largest percentage of our total Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions.

In 2016, we set a goal to manage our carbon footprint growth to be less than our company sales growth.

For the reporting period of FY21, we achieved that goal, as we have consistently done since 2017 and as noted in our carbon footprint summary below.

For FY21, we came in at 2,647,132 tCO2e for Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

This re ects a 0.6% decrease versus calendar year 2020 (please note the di erence in reporting time frames due to changes in our CDP reporting time frames).

While not a perfect measure, we believe that we continue to move in the right direction.

This reduction is noteworthy in light of the growth that our business has seen.

Furthermore, our intensity metrics show continual decreases.

We are adding square footage as an additional intensity measurement.

Although Costco’s nancial reporting is done on a scal year basis, for purposes of CDP reporting, sales have been converted to calendar year for 2016 2020.

We revert back to scal year accounting in 2021 in accordance with how we changed our reporting time frame for the 2021 CDP report.

These tCO2e numbers have been restated for 2016 to include all refrigerants resulting in an additional 127,481.8 tCO2e.

IPCC reporting guidelines o er a choice to include or exclude HCFC.

Costco has revised internal policies to include refrigerants as a more appropriate method of calculating emissions.

Costco has re ned reporting to include all facilities in all regions and all reportable sources.

Therefore, the corresponding calculation of year over year sales uses 2016 worldwide sales of 117,223,539.

Includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions for all manufacturing facilities for the duration they were open in the reporting year, including the Lincoln Premium Poultry plant in Nebraska, U.S.

This does not include all Costco Logistics facilities and does not include market o sets.

Location based methodology to calculate Scope 2 emissions.

Market based Scope 2 emissions number is 1,418,244 tCO2e which is 10,507 tCO2e less than the Location based number.

Throughout our Sustainability Commitment, you will nd numerous references to our practices and operational e ciencies that help minimize our CO2e emissions, including our e orts stated on our Energy and Refrigeration page.