Corporate  
Responsibility  
Report  2021

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report 

l

T
a
b
e
o
f

C
o
n
t
e
n
t
s

03  Introduction

05  Letter from our CEO

07  Our Commitment to 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

09 

FY 2021 Strategic Evolution

11

22

 DEI Strategy: For Employees, 
 Customers and Communities
20  Empowering Prosperity Today
Support for the Intuit Workforce 
During the Pandemic
Remote Career Possibilities for 
Underserved Communities
Innovative Solutions for our 
Customers
Job Creation to Spark 
Economic Prosperity

29

25

24

32  Investing in Communities 
for a Better Tomorrow
Job Readiness to Build  
33
Future Prosperity
Our Climate-Positive 
Commitment

36

40  GRI/SASB Indices

On the cover: 
Semolina Pasta, a small business 
QuickBooks customer in 
Los Angeles, California

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
03

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Introduction

Introduction  

At Intuit, everything we do starts with the 
fundamental belief that everyone deserves 
the opportunity to prosper. Serving millions of 
customers worldwide with TurboTax, QuickBooks, 
Mint and Credit Karma, Intuit never stops working 
to find new, innovative ways to make that possible.

customers and communities we serve. That 
means helping put more money in their pockets, 
eliminating work and drudgery so they can focus 
on their lives and what matters to them, and 
ensuring that they have complete confidence in 
every financial decision they make.

With 13,500 employees as of July 31, 2021, and 
approximately 100 million customers worldwide, 
delivering on our mission extends beyond our 
products. Corporate responsibility (CR) has been 
part of our DNA since our early days, when we 
declared “We Care and Give Back” as one of 
our core values. From day one, we have been 
committed to finding opportunities to use our 
expertise and scale to invest in people and help 
solve the challenges they face — because when 
people thrive, their communities thrive. 

We deliver on our mission by working to solve 
the most important financial problems of the 

We measure success by focusing on positively 
impacting our employees, customers, the 
communities we serve and our shareholders.   
One of our core company goals is to make a 
difference in the communities we serve, reflecting 
our unwavering commitment to helping people 
prosper today and in the future.

Our corporate responsibility approach is aligned 
to: 1)  Intuit’s mission to “Power Prosperity 
Around the World,” 2)  our company values, and 
3)  supporting our True North Goals, Big Bets and 
Bold Goals (see page 42 for more detail). Our 
acquisition of Credit Karma has accelerated our 

mission and impact on customers, and although its 
data will not be reflected in our fiscal year (FY) 2021 
Corporate Responsibility Report, its contributions 
will have a lasting impact on the communities 
around us. 

We remain committed to making sustainable 
impact at scale through initiatives across the 
organization. In addition to a fundamental 
commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), 
we focus on three key areas against which we are 
uniquely positioned to deliver: job creation, job 
readiness and having a positive impact on climate. 
Much of this work is concentrated in underserved 
communities globally, communities defined by low-
income metrics¹, to impact people who can benefit 
most. Our updated, Intuit-wide FY 2024 goals, as 
defined in this report, are designed to challenge 
all of us at Intuit to make progress in these areas 
and hold ourselves accountable through regularly 
reporting to our stakeholders. 

1. Communities defined by their zip code or county (or international equiv-
alent) that meet various low-income indicators including the Distressed 
Community Index, percent of students receiving free and reduced lunch, 
low-income status as defined by the U.S. Census, etc.

DISCLAIMERS: 
Unless otherwise stated, this report relates to Intuit’s fiscal year ending July 31, 
2021 and all data (other than consolidated financial statement, customer and 
total employee data), and the term “Intuit-wide,” excludes Credit Karma, which 
Intuit acquired in December 2020. All references to dollars are United States 
(U.S.) dollars. Intuit, QuickBooks, TurboTax, Mint and Credit Karma, among 
others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit 
Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the U.S. and other countries. Other parties’ 
marks are the property of their respective owners. Stated goals for FY 2024 

are not inclusive of Credit Karma employee data or additional impact data. 
This report is structured to provide highlights from FY 2021, supported by GRI 
and SASB for IT and Software Services and Consumer Finance sector indices 
disclosures starting on page 40. Communities defined by their ZIP code or 
county (or international equivalent) that meet various low-income indicators 
including the Distressed Community Index, percent of students receiving free 
and reduced lunch, low-income status as defined by the U.S. Census, etc.

 
04

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Introduction

Alignment to the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals 

We support the United Nations’ (UN) Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). We are committed to taking global action and 
working collaboratively with nonprofits, non-governmental 
organizations (NGOs) and others in the private sector to address 
the SDGs that focus on protecting the planet, education and 
equality for all.

Sandra, Intuit Customer Success employee-partner  
in Morristown, Tennessee, a Prosperity Hub location

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Job Creation

Job Readiness

Sustainability

All

 
05

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Letter from our CEO

We are excited to 
face the challenges 
of our time and play 
our part in building 
a better future. 

Letter from our CEO

This past year was one of both challenges and 
opp  ortunities. Around the world, people were 
forced to face daunting challenges to their physical 
and mental health, their economic well-being, and 
deep-rooted societal inequities. At the same time, 
we’ve all been part of shaping a new path that 
highlights our collective capacity for resilience and 
innovation when faced with adversity — and that 
gives me great hope for the future. 

At Intuit, the challenges of the past year have served 
as a powerful call to action to reaffirm and reimag-
ine our enduring commitment to making a positive 
impact on the world around us. I believe we now 
have an opportunity to build a new and better 
“normal,” both inside and outside the company, for 
our employees, customers, communities and 
shareholders. We are embracing this opportunity 
and come to work every day passionate about 

finding new ways to power prosperity, especially for 
those who need it most. 

That work starts with our platform and products, 
TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma, 
putting technology on the side of customers to 
empower them to overcome their most important 
financial challenges. We are proud of the speed we 
were able to move at to deliver new innovations to 
help our customers this year when they needed us 
the most. 

We were also excited to add Credit Karma to the 
Intuit family. Like Intuit, Credit Karma is a mission 
based company fueled by a values-driven culture 
dedicated to creating an inclusive workplace for its 
employees. I am thrilled at how Intuit and  
Credit Karma are helping customers find the right 
financial products, putting more money in their 

Sasan Goodarzi
Chief Executive Officer of Intuit

 
 
06

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Letter from our CEO

pockets and helping them access the financial 
expertise and advice they need to make better 
decisions about their money.

While we never stop working to find new, innovative 
ways to solve customer problems, we also know 
that the work of powering prosperity goes beyond 
our products. To truly deliver on our mission of 
powering prosperity, we must also look for other 
ways to live our values and help the communities 
around us overcome the challenges they face.  
We must make investments of both our time and 
resources to meet the challenges of today as well as 
setting up these communities for future success.  

We believe this work starts with a fundamental 
commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). 
Diversity is a fact, but inclusion and equity are choic-
es we make — and we believe choosing to embrace 

and embed DEI into how we operate is critical to 
driving innovation and growth in the future. This 
year we revised our approach to advancing DEI, 
inside and outside of the company, and publicly 
detailed how we will hold ourselves accountable. I 
am proud of the progress we made as we continue 
to drive systemic and durable change to help build 
a more equitable and 
inclusive world. 

This report highlights how our mission of powering 
prosperity inspires our corporate responsibility 
efforts. In addition to our commitment to DEI, we 
have declared three key priorities: job creation, job 
readiness and having a positive impact on climate. 
We also continue to champion public policies that 
create more equitable and inclusive economies and 
empower consumers and small businesses. As you 

will see, corporate responsibility is embedded 
throughout Intuit as an essential part of our unwav-
ering commitment to our employees, customers, 
communities and shareholders.

We are proud of the work described in this report. 
We also know there is still a long way to go. The 
challenges will continue and real progress will take 
time. Yet I remain optimistic of what we can accom-
plish together. We look forward to sharing more 
information as we continue to hold ourselves, and 
others, accountable. Guided by our mission to 
power prosperity, and our values, we are excited to 
face the challenges of our time and play our part in 
building a better future. 

Sasan Goodarzi 
CEO

07

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

P
r
i
o
r
i
t
i
e
s

Our Commitment to 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

09 

FY 2021 Strategic Evolution

11

For Employees, Customers 

and Communities

Marett, ranch manager 
and QuickBooks customer

08

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Our Commitment 
to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  

Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) is 
foundational to our culture and explicit in our values as we create an 
environment where employees can do the best work of their lives. 
Our value of “Stronger Together” emphasizes the importance of 
diverse voices to deliver awesome results for our customers and 
fulfill our mission of powering prosperity for all. 

Diverse perspectives, backgrounds and opinions help us grow and 
innovate, making DEI critical to the success of our business. Diverse 
companies have nearly 20 percent higher revenue coming from 
innovation, are 45 percent more likely to improve their market share 
and are 70 percent more likely to capture a new market. The more 
diverse we are, the better we can reflect our approximately 100 
million customers, build empathy and create products and services 
that solve their unique problems. From employee representation, to 
ensuring our products are fair and inclusive, to our impact on the 
communities around us, DEI is a business imperative and 
fundamental to our corporate responsibility strategy. 

We have invested in programs and initiatives to foster DEI within our 
company. We declared True North Goals related to employee 
representation focused on increasing the percentage of women in 
technology roles as well as the percentage of our total workforce 
composed of underrepresented minorities. We set a goal to 
increase representation of women in technology roles at Intuit to  
37 percent globally by FY 2024. We also set a goal to increase 
representation of underrepresented minorities, those who identify 
as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx and Native American, 
Native Alaskan and Native Hawaiian, to 18 percent of our U.S.-based 
workforce by FY 2024.

“Tackling deep-rooted, systemic challenges 
in our society has to occur within companies’ 
own walls. Diversity, equity and inclusion 
must be embedded in the company and 
addressed as a high-priority business 
imperative. Real progress will not happen if it 
is just a mindset or a grassroots effort.” 

Sheldon Cummings 
Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer

Diverse Companies

20%
45%
70%

Increased 
revenue coming 
from innovation

More likely to 
improve their 
market share

More likely 
to capture a 
new market

 
 
09

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

FY 2021 Strategic Evolution

Over the last year, DEI has become even more 
important given the extraordinary challenges we’ve 
been facing, from public displays of systemic 
racism to the inequalities exacerbated by the 
global pandemic. While DEI has been a 
fundamental piece of our business since our 
founding, these current events have accelerated 
our efforts to ensure we’re delivering on our 
commitment to diversity. We’ve established new 
leadership roles and resources, created new 
listening forums and invested in building new 
capabilities — all in service of supporting our 
employees, customers and communities. 

New Leadership and Resources

In January 2021, we appointed Sheldon Cummings, 
a commercial executive at Intuit, to the role of Chief 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer (CDEIO). For 
the first time, we incorporated equity as an explicit 
priority for our DEI work and restructured the DEI 
team to include cross-functional expertise that 
better reflects the work ahead. On our Board of 
Directors, we increased gender and ethnic 
diversity, as well as broadened the expertise, with 
the addition of Tekedra Mawakana, Co-CEO of 
Waymo and a recognized leader in public policy 
related to commerce and advanced applications of 
artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

We also evolved our Racial Equity Advancement 
Leadership (REAL) Team, which was created in 
2020 to understand the nuance of the Black 

employee experience and provide meaningful 
counsel to our DEI strategy. We then expanded 
the team to include Hispanic/Latinx, Native 
American, Native Alaskan, Native Hawaiian and 
Asian employees to ensure the voices of 
underrepresented employees across the company 
are heard. The team will continue to influence our 
DEI direction and efforts going forward and inspire 
accretive change. 

New Listening Forums

DEI work begins with listening. This year we held a 
number of forums that created dedicated space to 
listen to one another, build empathy and expand 
our capabilities: 

•  We introduced the first company-wide DEI 

survey to build a baseline understanding of our 
employee experience. The responses reflected 
how our employees identify themselves, shed 
light on the employee experience across 
different demographics, and identified the 
company’s strengths and areas of opportunity. 

• 

Intuit’s Pride Network and CDEIO, in partnership 
with The GenderCool Project, hosted its second 
Transgender Summit on Transgender Day of 
Visibility, attended by more than 500 
employees, partners and external audiences. 
The summit fostered allyship and a sense of 
belonging for those who identify as transgender 
or non-binary, parents of transgender and 
non-binary children and their family members. 

• 

In the midst of increased violence against Asian 
Americans, Intuit’s CDEIO hosted a fireside chat 
attended by 210 members of the Asia Pacific 
Network employee resource group (ERG) and 
broader Intuit community to share their 
experiences and build community. The DEI team 
also hosted subsequent Anti-Asian Racism 
Empathy Sessions to support teams by building 
empathy and visibility among allies and peers, 
as well as provide resources for employees 
in crisis. 

•  We kept our employees informed on our 

progress and learnings through key touch points 
including the first DEI Town Hall, hosted by CEO, 
Sasan Goodarzi; Chief People & Places Officer, 
Laura Fennell; and CDEIO, Sheldon Cummings. 
The Town Hall was attended live by more than 
3,600 employees globally and attracted more 
than 1,200 visits to our DEI resource pages.

New Capabilities

We also invested in building manager capability 
to help them engage with their employees 
on these important topics. Through training, 
online resources and tools, managers are 
learning how to create space for difficult and 
meaningful conversations that foster a diverse 
and inclusive environment.

10

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

“It was the most emotional conversation 
I will have at work in a year, and you [the DEI 
team] do it regularly to create the spaces for 
teams to explore and feel. I am thrilled I get 
to work for a company that prioritizes these 
conversations and emphasizes the 
importance of being an ally.” 

Lina Reeth 
Group Manager for Intuit Brand Strategy, 
attendee of an Anti-Asian Racism Empathy Session

Members of the Intuit Asia Pacific 
Network representing support and 
allyship for the community

 
11

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

DEI Strategy: For Employees, 
Customers and Communities

Our comprehensive and company-wide DEI 
strategy strongly aligns with our True North Goals 
by focusing on three key stakeholder groups: 
employees, customers and communities. We all 
have a role to play in creating a more equitable and 
inclusive world, and look forward to building on the 
momentum we created in FY 2021 with our 
stakeholders at the center. 

Employees

Representation Across All Levels of Intuit

Representation is a key step in creating an inclusive 
and equitable environment where all employees 
can do the best work of their lives. While we have 
made progress in improving representation in our 
workforce, we must do more. Without represen-
tation, we cannot deliver for customers and achieve 
our mission. In FY 2021, we met our goal for the 
representation of women in technology, reaching 
30 percent of our technology organization. We saw 
positive momentum in our strategy, but trailed 
slightly behind our target of 13 percent represen-
tation of underrepresented minorities in our  
U.S. workforce.

Employees at an Intuit office

12

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Empowering Women in Technology

We are proud of the continued progress we made in increasing 
the representation of women in technology roles at Intuit by two 
percentage points in FY 2021. This is due in large part to the 
supportive structure we’ve cultivated through Tech Women @ 
Intuit. It is a strategic initiative that offers women in technology 
programs to support their success throughout their career 
lifecycle, from just starting out to excelling in their craft. 

•  Intuit Again is our returnship program for technologists in India 
and the U.S. who took an extended leave from the workforce 
for caregiving purposes and return with a supportive on-ramp. 
To date, Intuit Again has reached more than 80 individuals with 
a global conversion rate to full-time roles of 68 percent, which 
in turn have an average retention rate of 82 percent. 

•  We provide growth and development opportunities through 

mentorship and coaching internally as well as through 
partnerships with external organizations, including AnitaB.org, 
which seeks to support women in technical fields.

•  We partner with Girls Who Code through a summer program 
to increase the number of girls interested in technology at an 
early age, ensuring female representation continues to grow 
within the industry. 

#8
30%

Forbes’ Best Employers 
for Women in the U.S.

Read more  

Intuit’s goal of representation 
of women in technology 
reached in FY 2021

Tech Women @ Intuit virtual event

13

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Software Development Apprenticeship 

Intuit launched a six-month software development 
apprenticeship program, the Apprenticeship Pathway Program. 
In partnership with AnitaB.org and Treehouse, an online coding 
learning platform, the program increases the representation of 
historically excluded individuals in technology. The pilot cohort of 
11 apprentices new to software development was comprised of 
women, 82 percent of whom identify as members of an 
underrepresented minority group. In June 2021, 100 percent of 
apprentices passed the three-month coursework phase of the 
program. They then trained alongside Intuit technologists where, 
in addition to working on critical company programs, they were 
supported and mentored by a team of technologists, leaders and 
peers. Upon program completion, participants were evaluated 
for conversion to full-time roles at Intuit.

Apprenticeship Pathway Program 
program staff and apprentices

“Intuit is leading by example and is at the 
forefront of driving real change across 
the tech industry today. Through the 
apprenticeship program that we established 
in partnership with both Intuit and Treehouse, 
we are working to increase representation 
of historically excluded individuals in tech. 
Together, we are doing the hard work 
and going the extra mile to get to know 
candidates by providing them with the tools 
and support that they need to succeed.” 

Brenda Darden Wilkerson 
President and CEO, AnitaB.org

“I’m developing the technical skills and 
capabilities to be a full stack developer, 
including new programming languages: 
Javascript, Typescript and React. I’ve also 
gained experience program solving with 
my team, collaborating with other teams, 
and, with mentorship and coaching, I feel 
supported and able to be successful as I 
make this career transition.” 

Ebony Hargro 
Intuit Apprentice

 
 
 
14

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Millions of women left the workforce due to the pandemic over 
the last year. To attract and retain more women, we invested in 
initiatives that have resulted in greater representation of women 
overall at Intuit, within our Technology organization and at the 
leadership level.

The Impact: Gender Representation in FY 20211,2

2020 vs 2021: Roles of Intuit Women

70% 

35%

0%

28% 30%

39% 40%

33% 35%

56% 56%

27% 33%

Within 

Intuit’s 

Across the  

company, 

Technology 

inclusive of 

organization

technical roles

Among 

executives 

(directors 

and above)

CEO 

Board 

Direct Staff

of Directors

1. Representation metrics are not inclusive of Credit Karma employees.

2. Our technology organization includes roles across five disciplines: 

     Product Development, Data, Design, Technical Program Management                        

     and Information Technology.

Employees at an Intuit office

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report15

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Equity for Underrepresented Minority Talent

While we dedicated resources to increase representation of underrepresented 
minorities at all levels, we acknowledge that we did not meet our annual target 
and have more work to do. In partnership with the REAL Team, our Talent 
Acquisition Team, people managers and with input from our 13 ERGs, we are 
reexamining our hiring, retention, promotion and pay policies and practices to 
continue to attract talent from these underrepresented minority groups and 
foster more positive employee experiences once they are part of the Intuit 
family. This work is well underway.  

•  The company added racial equity training to our existing diversity training 
and engaged more than 600 senior leaders and employees in key cross-
functional organizations in the first year. We plan to roll out the training 
company-wide in the first half of FY 2022. 

•  Intuit’s African Ancestry Network hosted a four-part Black Resilience 

Workshop Series that covered topics such as common language for racial 
equity, structures of privilege, anti-Blackness at work, building skills for 
resiliency, and strategies for managing up and owning the performance 
review process. Each session was attended by nearly 60 Black employees 
across the U.S., Canada and the U.K. 

•  Juneteenth was observed as a company holiday for the first time in 2020 and 

was added to our list of annual company holidays in 2021.

•  We built an Anti-Racism Employee Resource Center to drive awareness and 
allyship around anti-racist principles, which will be updated periodically to 
help guide all employees in their racial equity journey.

•  Our teams have conducted more than 60 “stay interviews” with 20 percent of 
our Black employees to understand what keeps our employees engaged, 
feeling supported in their roles and thriving in their careers. 

Members of the African Ancestry 
Network in Reno during a Black 
History Month virtual event 

“The Black Resilience Workshop Series really provided a 
safe space for Black employees to be vulnerable and 
process some of our experiences. For once, it felt like the 
experiences that we’ve been living with for a long time 
were being brought to light, and it finally felt okay for us 
to speak on these experiences without being shamed for 
playing ‘the race card.’”

•  We supported managers by creating a guide to having difficult, yet 
important, conversations about topics like race in the workplace.

Shaquita Hill 
Payments Risk Operations Team Lead, attendee of the Black Resilience 
Workshop Series

 
 
16

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Action Toward Equity

The evolved DEI strategy encompasses engage-
ment across the organization, while remaining 
diligent to meet our True North Goals for women in 
technology and underrepresented minorities.  
This year, we introduced an approach with three 
levers to make durable progress. 

Diversity Recruiting and Representation

To make meaningful strides in representation, 
we’re widening the aperture for recruiting to ensure 
we’re employing diverse talent across every level 
of the organization. We’ve expanded our external 
talent acquisition network to include more than 40 
universities and student organizations, key annual 
conferences, partner associations and more to gain 
access to top underrepresented minority talent for 
all functions and levels of roles. We are also looking 
closely at our interview process to increase the 
diversity of our hiring panels and the use of written 
rubrics to ensure a fair and consistent experience 
for candidates. 

Equity Learning and Development

We’re engaging employees throughout the 
company to listen, learn and build capabilities that 
will enhance the employee experience and create 
an inclusive working environment. While our 
“Belonging” score exceeds industry standards, we 
are focused on continuous improvement and have 
identified areas of opportunity through our DEI 
survey, including creating more opportunities for 
employees to freely speak their minds. This year, we 
created safe spaces and forums to foster discussion 
and build empathy, in addition to training our 
leaders on building a safe environment and 
equipping employees and managers with tools to 
use day to day. 

Equitable Talent Practices and Policies

We have a team dedicated to ensuring all of our 
employees have an equal opportunity to thrive in 
their careers. From looking at the performance and 
pay data across employee groups and levels, to 

sponsoring underrepresented talent and offering 
specialized training, we invest in creating equitable 
opportunities. 

Pay equity is fundamental to our DEI strategy. 
Without a sustained focus on pay equity, women 
and underrepresented groups in our society would 
have to play catch-up on income and the gap 
would widen. We perform an ongoing pay equity 
analysis, conducted twice a year by an independent 
outside company. Specifically, we review all job 
codes in which we have a sufficient number of 
employees for analysis, and those employees have 
the same or similar job duties and compensation 
mix. We compare base pay by gender and 
ethnicity, while factoring in location and time spent 
in the role, and make adjustments when there are 
unexplained statistical differences. As of August 
1, 2021, none of those job codes had statistically 
significant differences between employees of 
different gender or ethnicity. For more information, 
please see page 53 for details.

 
17

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Intuit’s Employee Resource Groups

Nearly 25 percent of Intuit’s employees globally 
participate in ERGs to drive high-impact 
programs, contribute to our DEI strategy and 
create an inclusive culture. These ERGs create 
community among those who identify as a 
specific demographic and/or their allies. They 
play an important role in building awareness of 
cultural diversity, identifying unconscious biases 
and initiating important conversations to drive 
meaningful change. 

Our ERGs played a leading role in creating key 
opportunities to cultivate an inclusive environment. 
From hosting the Asia Pacific Network fireside 
chat and the second annual Trans Summit, to 
participating in recruiting efforts and the interview 
process while encouraging continued dialogue 
among managers and colleagues, these groups are 
critical to our strategy.

This year, employees also launched the 13th ERG, 
the Indigenous Peoples Network, to create a space 
for community among Indigenous employees and 
allies. The network has more than 100 inaugural 
members and continues to grow.

Intuit Asia Pacific Network’s 
Lunar New Year virtual event

18

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Customers

Equitable Products and Services

With a strong commitment to ensuring our products are fair and inclusive, 
employees across Intuit are working together to create equity across the 
company. This spans from our products and services to our marketing and 
communications activities, where we’ve created principles to ensure the 
diversity of our content reflects our unique customers.

Over the past year, Intuit’s Accessibility and Inclusive Design team transformed 
how we build products, support customers and develop an inclusive 
workplace. Intuit’s Accessibility Champion program, which builds accessibility 
knowledge and disability etiquette capabilities within a cross-functional 
group of volunteer employees, grew to include more than 1,000 champions 
and 24 product leaders. They continued the important work of embedding 
accessibility into our design requirements and code reviews, driving more than 
550 product improvements in FY 2021. These champions also shared their 
knowledge externally, teaching workshops, providing expertise at events and 
volunteering with nearly 40 organizations to give back to communities with 
their accessibility knowledge. 

Prompted by the need to ensure our products do not include or perpetuate 
societal bias, Intuit’s Content Systems Team, cross-functional content design 
teams and members of our REAL Team came together to develop a set of 
anti-discriminatory and anti-racist language guidelines and principles to apply 
across our platform. The team worked to identify, eliminate and replace widely 
used words and terms used internally and externally that have the ability to 
inflict harm. By driving adoption and inspiring engineering and product leaders 
to prioritize language updates, nearly 800 product and content changes have 
been made to date. These changes include renaming the QuickBooks Live 
customer setup feature from “white glove” to the more accurate and inclusive 
alternative, “expert setup,” and updating instances of “master admin” to 
“primary admin” across QuickBooks Online. To advocate for further, systemic 
change, the team created a public content webpage to outline the steps our 
content teams are taking today for others to adopt.

3. “How Intuit is reinventing HR to make tech and finance more equitable for all,” Fast Company, April 22, 2021

Eric, QuickBooks customer 
and owner of Mee & Greet 
and Humble Potato

“Diversity, equity and inclusion is a 
part of our DNA, and we will work to make 
sure we’re able to eliminate racist language 
wherever it exists in our ecosystem.” 

La Toya Haynes 
Director of Racial Equity3

 
19

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Communities

Community Support Where It Matters Most

Beyond our employees and customers, we have a 
responsibility to advocate for inclusive communities 
to truly power prosperity for all regardless of 
gender, race, religion or other characteristics. 
We’re committed to using our voice and resources 
as a company to support the social issues that are 
aligned with our values, as well as areas where we 
can positively impact the lives of our employees.

Intuit became a founding corporate partner of the 
Congressional Award Foundation’s (CAF) Diversity 
& Inclusion Initiative, resulting in an online Financial 
Literacy Program to support promoting financial 
health for students of diverse economic and social 
backgrounds. The program helps young people 
take ownership of their financial futures through 
education, real-life applications and giving back 
to their community by volunteering. The online 
program launched with a webinar with more than 
900 student attendees and featured speakers 
from Congress, the National Collegiate Athletic 
Association (NCAA) and Intuit. To date, more than 

1,800 young people, ages 13-23, have enrolled in 
the program. 

We took a stand on multiple societal issues in FY 
2021, including signing the Business Statement 
Opposing Anti-LGBTQ State Legislation and 
contributing to Stop AAPI Hate in response to 
increased violence against Asian Americans. 
Additionally, our CEO joined more than 90 CEOs 
to sign a letter in support for finding a path to 
citizenship for Dreamers as part of the Coalition for 
the American Dream.

There are many important steps we’ve taken 
this year to identify and address inequities that 
can impact our employees, customers and 
communities. We recognize that lasting change 
comes through long-term commitment and 
consistency. We are committed to building on the 
progress to date by leaning into our values and 
powering prosperity for all.

“I have been so impressed by the Intuit team, 
and I believe the Financial Literacy Program 
is meaningful and works to address our 
goal of social and economic mobility for 
students in underserved communities. The 
ability to co-create a significant curriculum 
that is measurable and attainable for these 
students has been so rewarding.” 

Erica Heyse 
National Director, Congressional Award Foundation

20

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

P
r
i
o
r
i
t
i
e
s

Empowering 
Prosperity Today

22 

Support for the Intuit 

Workforce During the Pandemic

24 

Remote Career Possibilities for 

Underserved Communities

25 

Innovative Solutions for  

our Customers

29

Job Creation to Spark 

Economic Prosperity

Charome, QuickBooks 
customer and owner of 
On The Mark Media

 
 
 
21

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Empowering
Prosperity Today 

Today, the customers and communities we serve 
face a myriad of challenges. In communities all 
across the world, people worry about the financial 
challenges they face and what it means for them, 
their families and the people that depend on 
them. These challenges have only been 
exacerbated by a global pandemic that has 
fundamentally shifted the way we work and live. 

The challenges are clear and the time to act is 
now. That’s why Intuit is committed to taking 
action to make a difference today. We are actively 
utilizing our products, services, unique expertise 
and scale to have a positive impact on our 
employees, customers and communities today.

Great Place to Work 2021

#2
#3
#11

Canada, France,  
United Kingdom

India

United States of America

Read more  

Employee at Semolina Pasta, 
a QuickBooks customer

22

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Support for the Intuit 
Workforce During the Pandemic  

Employees

Intuit prioritized protecting our employees and extended 
workforce and slowing the spread of COVID-19 as the virus 
continued to impact the world. With continued remote working, 
Intuit added a number of temporary benefits to ease this 
transition and create a safe and inclusive working environment 
beginning in March 2020. After our initial response outlined 
in the FY 2020 report, and as it became clear this new way of 
working would last longer than expected, we continued to 
reevaluate our benefits to ensure employees and our extended 
workforce received the support they needed. 

We refreshed our time-off policy to grant employees a full two 
weeks of supplemental sick days, through December 2021. We 
introduced the first Recharge Days, pausing work and giving 
employees paid time off for an extended time in November and 
December 2020 and July 2021. This coordinated, company-wide 
time off allowed employees to unplug from work, rest 
and recharge. 

Throughout the year, we expanded resources to support 
employee mental well-being, including monthly newsletters, 
mindfulness tools, trainings and webinars, and guidance on 
creating flexible work schedules. We also supported their ability 
to do their best work from their homes by providing equipment 
and home office supplies. 

In addition, we assisted our extended workforce, including our 
janitorial staff, cafe workers, bus drivers, security guards and 
more, through continued pay to our partners throughout the 
course of the pandemic. 

Employees at an Intuit office

“I want to express how enormously grateful I am for 
Intuit’s continued recognition of the ongoing 
challenges of COVID’s impact. The Recharge Days are 
such an amazing expression of how deeply you care 
about employees.” 

Employee feedback received during the June 2021 Intuit Town Hall

 
23

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Our Response to India’s Pandemic Crisis

At each of our offices globally, Intuit offered flexibility and 
timely support throughout the year. However, the resurgence 
of COVID-19 in India in Spring 2021 required an intentional and 
innovative response to further support employees experiencing 
unprecedented challenges. As many of our employees and their 
dependents did not have access to vaccines, we partnered with 
Columbia Asia Hospital and Parkmed Clinic to open a vaccination 
center at our office in Bangalore, India. In addition to covering 
vaccines for our employees and their dependents, Intuit extended 
vaccine access to interns located in Bangalore, as well as front-
line essential workers and contingent workers employed by our 
service partners. Employees and their dependents who were 
already vaccinated or unable to participate in the sponsored event 
received reimbursement for vaccine costs. 

We also made a donation to GiveIndia, a nonprofit organization 
helping non-government healthcare organizations to create 
COVID care centers, fill gaps in oxygen supply and provide 
personal protective equipment to health workers. We offered a 2:1 
match for any employee donations to GiveIndia and Happiness 
Kit. As COVID-19 continues to be a global health issue, we are 
dedicated to providing support to all of our employees in the 
months ahead.

Vaccination center at an Intuit office, 
Bangalore, India

24

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Remote Career Possibilities for Underserved Communities

One of the biggest challenges facing our millions of customers 
around the globe is having confidence in the financial 
decisions they make. Intuit is solving this problem with our 
worldwide network of experts who provide one-on-one 
support for customers and help them make decisions with 
complete confidence. This growing network of remote experts 
and support teams, employed both by Intuit and trusted 
partners, is a key way we deliver on our mission of powering 
prosperity while also creating new career possibilities in 
underserved communities.

As we continued to grow this network in FY 2021, we leaned into 
the historic success we found in a remote model where talent 
could live and work from their homes or whatever location best 
fit their unique needs and circumstances. We ramped up our 
efforts to build a dispersed expert network and invested $32 
million in labor income to create remote jobs in underserved 
communities. The evolution to reach more individuals in 
underserved communities through these jobs was inspired by 
the successful career development programs at our Prosperity 
Hubs, communities suffering from economic disparity where we 
have created a concentrated number of jobs and economic 
impact across eight sites (see page 29). Our expert network is 
expansive, and within the network we’ve created 4,260 seasonal 
and year-round remote jobs that touch more than 900 
underserved communities globally. These roles contribute to 
our overall FY 2024 goal of creating jobs for 10,000 individuals 
in underserved communities, including those located in 
Prosperity Hub communities. 

Prosperity Hub 
Morristown, Tennessee

25

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Innovative Solutions for our Customers

Since the founding of the company, we’ve always put customers at the center of 
everything we do. Our customers have a universal set of needs. They’re trying 
to make ends meet, get out of debt and save money. We’re working to develop 
innovative solutions to help our customers meet these challenges, as well as 
respond to unexpected hardship and address inequalities.

The pandemic triggered an economic shock that destabilized consumers and 
small businesses around the world, creating an urgent situation for many. We 
acted with speed and urgency to develop Intuit Aid Assist in FY 2020 and 
continued to update and evolve the tool throughout FY 2021. Built using our 
platform technology and artificial intelligence (AI), this innovative, free tool 
allowed anyone in the U.S. to cut through the maze of requirements and quickly 
understand their eligibility for federal small business funding. 

In Canada, we launched the Intuit Prosperity Accelerator program, in 
partnership with Highline Beta, to support startups focused on solving the 
financial challenges facing Canadian consumers and small businesses. The 
six-month program paired eight participating startups with Intuit Innovation 
Catalysts, dedicated coaches and experts in Intuit’s design thinking process, 
Design for Delight, to execute focused pilots. The program helped the 
companies better understand their customers, enhance their product offerings 
and expand their reach. Of the startups that participated in the program, 
75 percent have gone on to accelerate growth by closing funding rounds 
and partnerships. Following the success of the inaugural year, we launched 
the Intuit Prosperity Accelerator: AI to leverage the power of AI to advance 
prosperity across North America. 

Jenna, Mint and 
TurboTax customer

26

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Increased Access to Create Opportunity for Small Business

Intuit QuickBooks is a global platform of interconnected financial 
tools that serves as a source of truth for more than 7 million small 
business and self-employed customers globally. Since 2017, 
QuickBooks Capital has made it easier for disadvantaged small 
businesses in the U.S. to obtain funding by automating much 
of the process to access loans. Many of the customers served 
by QuickBooks Capital do not qualify for a loan elsewhere. The 
program’s sophisticated analysis and machine learning are able 
to assess a business’s health and credit worthiness in a way that 
gives us an advantage over the traditional processes employed 
by banks and other lenders. Throughout FY 2021, refinements 
to the risk models enabled the company to expand eligibility to 
more than 1.3 million small businesses, and those who applied 
through QuickBooks Capital experienced a three-time increase in 
approval rates. 

Additionally, during the pandemic, eligible QuickBooks 
customers in the U.S. were able to apply for the Paycheck 
Protection Program (PPP) loans through QuickBooks Capital. To 
date, QuickBooks Capital has helped facilitate $1.5 billion in Small 
Business Administration-approved PPP loans, helping more than 
40,000 of our small business customers, and keeping thousands 
of employees on payroll.

“I was always very shocked to see that finding money 
was really difficult when you were bringing money in.” 

Dana Donofree 
Founder of Anaono and QuickBooks customer, attendee of 
QuickBooks Town Hall: Accessing capital, grants, and affordable loans

Zachary, QuickBooks Online 
and Credit Karma customer

 
27

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Connect Customers to Services at Tax Time

Tax preparation is a critical part of our mission to 
serve the complete financial health of individuals 
and their families and power their prosperity. We 
extend our commitment to financial empowerment 
at tax time through tools we develop pro-bono 
for the government and through our Tax Time 
Allies campaign presented by the Intuit Financial 
Freedom Foundation. For example, at the request 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS), we 
developed the non-filer sign-up tool to help 
families with the lowest income levels register for 
monthly Child Tax Credit payments, which began 
on July 15, 2021. Developed in partnership with the 
IRS and delivered through the Free File Alliance, 
this tool provides a free and easy way for eligible 
individuals and families who don’t meet the tax-
filing threshold and aren’t required to prepare a 
full tax return to register their essential information 
with the IRS. Taxpayers are able to file a minimal 
return to provide the IRS the required information 
needed to determine and issue their Advance 
Child Tax Credit payments for up to $300 a month 
per eligible child. This tool also allows families to 
register for Economic Impact Payments (commonly 
known as stimulus checks) and claim the Recovery 
Rebate Credit for any missed payments.    

Also in tax year 2020, for the fourth year in a 
row, the Foundation’s Tax Time Allies campaign 
invested in Facebook posts, as well as search and 
web banner ads to help eligible filers find and 
use the IRS Free File program to prepare and file 
their returns at no cost. The campaign drove 2.7 

million prospects to the IRS Free File web site and 
helped the program grow year-over-year. And, as 
the pandemic shuttered nonprofit community-
based taxpayer assistance programs for a second 
tax season in a row, Intuit Financial Freedom 
Foundation worked closely with and provided 
funding to Volunteer Income Tax Assistance 
programs (VITA) in the U.S. and Community 
Volunteer Income Tax Programs (CVITP) in 
Canada to expand and strengthen how they 
delivered virtual online services to the public. Intuit 
employees in both countries volunteered to assist 
taxpayers with these online programs inspired by 
our We Care and Give Back value.

We have delivered nearly 100 million free tax filings 
over the past eight years — more free tax filings 
than all other online tax preparation software 
providers combined. Nearly 90 percent of those 
free tax filings were through our commercial free 
tax preparation offering, TurboTax Free Edition, 
making it the nation’s most widely used free tax 
preparation method. In July 2021, we announced 
plans not to renew our participation in the IRS 
Free File program. Free offerings will still remain 
an important part of the company’s tax strategy, 
and we can provide more financial benefits and 
empower Americans of all income levels to take 
control of their finances at a time they need it most.

Zan and Tanja, Mint and 
TurboTax customers

28

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Communities

Support Communities in Crisis

Intuit is committed to supporting the communities 
where we work and live when faced with 
unexpected crises. Environmental disasters 
struck communities across the U.S., resulting 
in uncertainty and hardship for many. In FY 
2021, we provided direct donations, as well as 
We Care and Give Back employee donation 
matching campaigns, to the American Red Cross. 
Through these donations, we provided support 
to communities across the nation facing extreme 
environmental events, including wildfires across the 
West Coast of the U.S., the severe winter weather in 
Texas and dangerous flooding in Kentucky. 

Intuit has donated and matched 
employee giving towards devastating 
wildfires across the West Coast

29

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

Job Creation to Spark 
Economic Prosperity

Economic inequality continues to rise, exacerbated 
by the global pandemic that shut down economies 
around the world and drove consumers in and 
out of lockdowns. Many communities were 
disproportionately impacted and faced increased 
unemployment, food insecurity and healthcare 
challenges. We launched our first Prosperity Hub 
in 2016, with a mission to promote economic 
prosperity through job creation in underserved 
communities. We remained committed to 
supporting our employees and the employees of 
our Prosperity Hub partners, Alorica, Concentrix, 
Sitel and SYKES, who were serving Intuit customers 
during this unprecedented crisis. We focused on 
preserving the jobs created in these communities 
to help foster economic stability when it was 
needed most.

In FY 2021, Intuit opened its eighth Prosperity Hub 
in Newcastle, United Kingdom (U.K.), expanding 
the program’s global impact. Today we have eight 
Prosperity Hubs globally: Bluefield, West Virginia; 
Hazard, Kentucky; Johnstown, Pennsylvania; 

4. Includes remote jobs created (pg. 24) and jobs created in Prosperity      
     Hub communities. 
5. Economic impact does not include dispersed jobs. Source: Deloitte.

Lawton, Oklahoma; Morristown, Tennessee; 
and Wise, Virginia in the U.S., Corner Brook, 
Canada and Newcastle, U.K. We partner with 
each Prosperity Hub to increase the economic 
opportunities through concentrated job creation, 
resulting in an economic flywheel effect as 
opportunities throughout the communities grow. 
By the close of FY 2021, Intuit’s Prosperity Hubs 
created a total of 2,240 jobs across the eight 
communities, and we successfully preserved 100 
percent of these jobs throughout the pandemic. 

Intuit commissioned an economic study with 
Deloitte to assess the impact of the company’s 
investments in these communities. The study 
determined that Intuit’s investments have 
generated large societal returns in the form of 
hundreds of secondary jobs and approximately 
$102 million of augmented local economic activity. 
At the end of FY 2021, for every $1 we invested, 
these communities experienced as much as $2.02 
in positive economic impact through increased 
spend on local goods and services.

Goal: Create 10,000 jobs for people 
in underserved communities

The Impact
 (cumulative actuals)

Total Jobs 
Created4

FY 2020

Economic Impact 
(per $1 invested)5

FY 2020

2,200

as 
much 
as

$1.83

FY 2021

FY 2021

6,500

as 
much 
as

$2.02

FY 2024 Goal

10,000

30

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

This program will continue to expand through 
the dispersed, remote workforce as we continue 
to drive job growth in underserved communities 
around the world. Today, the combined effort 
between the remote jobs in underserved 
communities and those created across these 
eight Prosperity Hubs totals 6,500 jobs, making 
substantial progress to create a total of 10,000 jobs 
by FY 2024. We’re also looking at the additional 
expertise, scale and resources we can invest in 
these communities to accelerate prosperity and 
build resiliency. From continuing to create career 
pathways, to offering job readiness resources 
in local schools and small business support 
organizations, to connecting community members 
with sustainability solutions, there are many more 
ways we can support the long-term success of 
these communities. 

Prosperity Hub 
Morristown, Tennessee

31

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Empowering Prosperity Today

“I really feel that if it wasn’t for 
Intuit, all the opportunities I’ve 
had wouldn’t be there.” 

Jordan Stapleton 
Intuit Customer Success employee-
partner in Morristown, Tennessee7

Jordan, in Morristown, Tennessee, 
a Prosperity Hub location

7. “Prosperity Hubs are Helping Build Resilience in 
     Underserved Communities, New York Times, 2021

32

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

P
r
i
o
r
i
t
i
e
s

Investing in Communities 
for a Better Tomorrow

33 

Job Readiness to Build 

Future Prosperity

36

Our Climate-Positive 

Commitment

Tradewater, a partner of Intuit, 
working globally to collect and 
destroy refrigerants, a major 
contributor to climate change

 
33

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Investing in 
Communities 
for a Better Tomorrow

The challenges we are working to address will not 
be solved overnight. Real progress will take time 
and a continued commitment to driving change. 
Progress is a journey not a destination – and we are 
committed to doing all in our power to support 
those that follow us. That’s why we are making 
investments today to help build a better future for 
our employees, customers and the communities 
we serve.  

Job Readiness to Build 
Economic Prosperity

Students living in underserved communities 
have limited access to educational programs and 
resources that prepare them for the job market of 
the future and contribute to their financial success. 
According to the Association of American Colleges 
and Universities, approximately 70 percent of 
employers in 2015 indicated recent graduates don’t 
have the durable skills required to be job ready 

— including complex problem solving, critical 
thinking, communication and collaboration. Intuit 
is committed to leveling the playing field so that 
everyone has the opportunity to prosper. We are 
laying the groundwork to better prepare people 
for the job market by bringing real-world tools into 
classrooms to help students develop personal 
finance and entrepreneurial skills. We offer 
direct and partner-driven programs, like Design 
for Delight (D4D), a design thinking curriculum, 
personal finance simulations, entrepreneurship 
challenges and educator training to teach 
and assess the skills students need to build 
a successful career. Intuit is using its unique 
resources and assets to prepare people for jobs 
through the development of critical thinking, 
communication, teamwork, leadership and 
personal finance skills. In FY 2021, Intuit supported 
more than 360,000 students and educators, 
building on the 150,000 prepared in FY 2020 and 
helping us reach our goal of 3.6 million people by 
2024 through our job readiness programs.

Goal: Prepare 3.6 million 
individuals for jobs

The Impact
(cumulative actuals)

People Better Prepared for Jobs

FY 2020

150,000

FY 2021

510,000

FY 2024 Goal

3,600,000

34

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Investing in Educational Equity Through 
Prosperity Hub School Districts  

Today, 33 percent of children worldwide lack 
access to remote learning and 50 percent of low-
income students in the U.S. do not have the devices 
they need for distance education. Intuit expanded 
its Prosperity Hub School District program in FY 
2021 through the launch of our Digital Equity 
Initiative to address students’ unequal access 
to technology and resources to support remote 
learning during the pandemic. The program now 
includes 21 school districts across nine countries 
with a combined enrollment of more than 1.6 
million students. Each district was selected based 
on two key criteria: economic need and diversity of 
the student body. Nearly 80 percent of students in 
these districts identify as being underrepresented 
minorities. Through the Digital Equity Initiative, 
these districts received combined donations of $1.1 
million that have been used to purchase devices 
like laptops and hotspots, as well as hire additional 
teaching staff and IT management. The grants 
were also used to fund programs that support 
underrepresented minority students like the Centre 
for Black Student Excellence in the Toronto District 
School Board. Initial programming like the Social 
Entrepreneurship Challenge and Career Readiness 
Conference with San Diego Unified School District 
has led to promising results for the coming years 
including 74 percent of students feeling confident 
in using design thinking in the future.

“This is humbling and has never happened to us in our 
careers where an international company has reached out 
being eager to support us and assist us. When [Intuit] came 
around, you had so much to offer in the way of monetary 
support, design thinking, innovation and growing our team 
and bringing opportunities to our students.” 

Amy Arcurio
Superintendent of Schools, 
Greater Johnstown School District, Pennsylvania

 
35

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Educational Partnerships to Highlight Real-World Tools 

Only one in 13 students in underserved schools has access to 
personal finance curriculum in the U.S. Of those that do have 
access, the curriculum often found in many of today’s schools 
lacks access to the latest real-world, financial tools available 
for informed personal finance decision making. Intuit partners 
with a number of finance and entrepreneurial educational 
organizations around the world to offer its real-world tools and 
help them prepare students in schools across the country for the 
future. Two examples contributing to the overall success of our 
job readiness programs include:

•  Partnering with Virtual Enterprises on a year-long, in-

classroom small business simulation program that provides 
entrepreneurship and personal finance education for 
students using real-world tools like QuickBooks and our 
design thinking curriculum. In FY 2021, we extended this 
partnership to include the full suite of our job readiness tools, 
including Mint and TurboTax. Throughout the 2020-2021 
school year, more than 16,000 students used these tools as 
part of Virtual Enterprises. 

•  Using our design thinking curriculum, we partnered with 
Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) to launch the 
DEI Challenge. More than 1,500 students across 18 FBLA 
chapters participated in the challenge and developed unique 
and innovative solutions to address and promote DEI in their 
communities using our D4D curriculum.

36

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Our Climate-Positive Commitment

Our mission to power prosperity around the world includes 
taking care of our planet. If our planet does not prosper, none 
of us can. We’re moving toward solutions that help reverse the 
impact of climate change to take collective positive steps to 
mitigate the harm to our environment. 

It’s not enough to do less harm. We reached carbon neutrality 
first in 2015, and in FY 2020 we hit our goal of 100 percent 
renewable electricity for global operations, 10 years earlier than 
we had planned (see page 49 for more detail). We’ve now moved 
beyond minimizing harm toward maximizing our impact to be 
climate-positive. By surpassing carbon neutral, we’re ahead of 
our goals while helping others make progress. We’re working 
outside of our own operational footprint and using our scale 
and resources to empower our employees, customers and 
communities to join us in our commitment. In FY 2020, we made 
a decade-long goal to reduce global carbon emissions by 2 
million metric tonnes (MT) by 2030. 

This is 50 times greater than our 2018 operational footprint 
and equal to removing 430,000 cars off the road for one year. 
We’ve already made significant progress. In just one year, we’ve 
exceeded our goal of 80,000 MT and removed an additional 
105,000 MT of carbon from the atmosphere, above and beyond 
our operational footprint, by engaging our key stakeholders: 
employees, customers and communities.

Goal: Reduce carbon emissions by 50x 
our 2018 carbon footprint (2 million MT)

The Impact
(cumulative actuals)   

Progress to 50x 
Climate-Positive 

Metric Tonnes 
Reduced 

FY 2021

2x+ 

FY 2024 Goal

15x

FY 2021

105,000

FY 2024 Goal

600,000

FY 2030 Goal

FY 2030 Goal

50x

2 million

 
 
37

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Employees

Last year, Intuit ensured our employees were able 
to take advantage of climate-positive programs, 
adding sustainability-related expenses, including 
purchases like e-bikes, solar panels and more to 
its annual Well-Being for Life Program, providing 
reimbursements up to $1,000 for all related 
expenses. In July 2021, Intuit introduced a partner, 
YellowTin, to help U.S.-based employees take the 
next step on their sustainability journey. YellowTin, 
a national CleanTech company, educates and 
empowers homeowners and renters to make 
informed decisions about switching to more cost-
effective, electricity-based solutions. 

Intuit employees can now calculate their at-home 
carbon footprint and receive recommended 
solutions to reduce it, ranging from purchasing an 
e-bike for their commute to installing solar panels 
to supply their home electricity. In FY 2022, this 
benefit will increase to $1,300 for all employees to 
further invest in their well-being, in a manner that 
suits them best.

 
38

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Customers

Small businesses traditionally do not have the 
resources to invest in climate-positive business 
solutions, but know they are critical for a 
sustainable future. According to a 2020 Carbon 
Trust survey, 68 percent of small and medium-sized 
enterprises do not have a policy for improving 
energy efficiency and cite a lack of time and money 
as a key barrier. As one of the leading companies 
for small business accounting, we’re helping 
to connect our customer base and network to 
solutions they want, but don’t have easy access 
to. As our first step to providing climate solutions 
directly to our customers, Intuit partnered with 
Octopus Energy, the U.K.’s largest supplier of 
renewable energy, to help U.K. QuickBooks 
customers easily transition to clean energy 
for their businesses with solar, wind and water 
energy options. This partnership also extends to 
our U.K. employees to power their homes with 
sustainable energy.

At the close of FY 2021, we committed to 
helping 30,000 small businesses in the UK make 
a commitment to take climate action ahead of 
the November 2021 COP26 global conference 
on climate. Aligned with the U.K. government’s 
#TogetherForOurPlanet initiative, the SME 
Climate Hub and the United Nations Race to Zero 
campaign, we will leverage our platform to help our 
small business customers and non-customers make 
a measurable, positive impact on the environment, 
starting with a commitment to carbon reduction.

39

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  Investing in Communities for a Better Tomorrow

Communities

Intuit is identifying and serving as a catalyst for 
scalable climate solutions worldwide that can make 
accelerated progress toward reducing global 
carbon emissions. Through our partnership with 
global education nonprofit Enactus, students 
around the world have been participating in the 
Race for Climate Action by solving problems in 
their local communities to reduce greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions and create a positive social 
impact. Approximately 3,000 students representing 
23 countries developed climate projects to help 
their communities build resilience against climate 
change. Our D4D training is being used to ensure 
their climate solutions are built with empathy for 
the communities they serve. We’ve trained more 
than 150 students, and today, members of Intuit’s 
sustainability team are serving as mentors to the 
five finalist groups. The 175 projects submitted to 
the Race in Fall 2020 have reduced global carbon 
emissions by a total of 25,000 MT as of July 2021. 
Together, these projects also resulted in the 
creation of more than 1,350 new jobs and 159 new 
small businesses in communities worldwide.  

This year, Intuit became a founding member of 
Project Drawdown’s Drawdown Labs, a private 
sector testing ground for scaling bold climate 
solutions quickly, safely and equitably. Together 
with a dozen companies, we’re working to move 
beyond having a “net zero” impact to scale climate 
solutions that support both reduction within and 
outside of our own operational footprints, including 

working groups focused on topics like customer 
engagement in climate action. 

In May 2021, Intuit partnered with Tradewater, 
an international organization working to destroy 
refrigerants that have a large impact on the 
environment, to launch the Catalytic Coalition, 
bringing together leading companies to build a 
strategy to reduce their use of refrigerants within 
their portfolios of buildings. This coalition’s goal 
is to collect and destroy GHGs, permanently 
preventing their release into the atmosphere. 
At scale, the program can help offset carbon 
emissions for smaller businesses seeking to 
mitigate and reduce their emissions. 

“The training process, [Design for Delight], 
was all about creating solutions to 
problems, which taught us we should 
observe what is going on around us 
and how [the problem] was designed. 
Everything is made by man, so it can always 
be converted into something better.” 

Srijan Agarwal 
Enactus team from Netaji Subhas Institute 
of Technology in New Delhi, India

Project Vriddhi from Hans Raj 
College in India showcasing 
a biogas unit that reduces 
indoor air pollution

 
40

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

G
R
I
/
S
A
S
B

I

n
d
i
c
e
s

About This Report

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards. While many of the disclosures are in 
alignment with this framework at the Core level, this is a GRI-
referenced report.

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) is 
dedicated to improving the effectiveness and comparability of 
corporate disclosure on environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) factors. The disclosures to follow reference the SASB 
Standards for the Consumer Finance as well as Software & IT 
Services sectors, and can be found in conjunction with the 
related GRI disclosures throughout this report.

Intuit reports against the GRI framework because it focuses 
on topics and issues that are material to our business and key 
stakeholders. We are also seeing increased demand from 
shareholders to report on how we are addressing various ESG 
risks, impacts and opportunities. We responded by choosing to 
report against SASB, a framework designed by the investment 
community to provide investors and analysts with access to 
critical ESG information that informs investment decisions. 

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report 
41

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

General Disclosures 

Organizational Profile 
GRI 102-1
Name of the organization (Core) 

GRI 102-2
Activities, brands, products, and services (Core) 

GRI 102-3
Location of headquarters (Core) 

GRI 102-4
Location of operations (Core) 

GRI 102-5
Ownership and legal form (Core) 

GRI 102-7
Scale of the organization (Core)

Intuit Overview

2018

2019

2020

2021

Revenue

$6.0B

$6.8B

$7.7B

$9.6B

Employees

8,900

9,400

10,600

13,500*

*as of July 31, 2021

GRI 102-6
Markets served (Core)

Intuit is a global financial platform company with products 
including  TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint, and Credit Karma, 
designed to empower consumers, the self-employed and 
small businesses overcome their most important financial 
challenges. Intuit’s platform and products help customers get 
more money with the least amount of work, while giving them 
complete confidence in every financial decision they make. 
The company’s innovative ecosystem of financial management 
solutions serves approximately 100 million customers 
worldwide. Please visit the Intuit website for the latest news 
and in-depth information about the company and its brands 
and find Intuit on social.

Primary brands, products and services:  
QuickBooks, TurboTax, ProConnect, Mint and Credit Karma.

Headquarters:  
Intuit Inc. 
2700 Coast Avenue 
Mountain View, California 94043

You may see all of Intuit’s facility locations on the 
company website.

Founded in 1983, Intuit is publicly traded on the Nasdaq 
Global Select Market under the ticker “INTU” and its 
headquarters is in Mountain View, California. As of 
07/31/2021, Intuit had approximately 13,500 employees in 
major offices in the United States, Canada, India, the United 
Kingdom, Israel and Australia.

42

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Strategy
GRI 102-14
Statement from the senior decision maker (Core)

Please see the letter from Intuit’s President and CEO on  
pages 5 and 6

MISSION

Powering Prosperity Around the World

VALUES

Integrity Without Compromise

Courage

Customer Obsession

Stronger Together

We Care and Give Back

2025 
GOALS

Prosperity
Double household savings rate and improve SMB 
success rate > 10 pts vs. industry

Reputation
Best-in-class of Most 
Reputable Companies

Growth
>200M customers, accelerating
revenue growth

TRUE NORTH 
GOALS

Employees
Empower the world’s top talent 
to do the best work of their lives

Customers
Delight customers by solving 
the problems that matter most

Communities
Make a difference in the 
communities we serve

Shareholders
Drive long-term growth, 
increasing shareholder value

STRATEGY

AI-Driven Expert Platform
More Money. No Work. Complete Confidence.

BIG BETS

Revolutionize 
speed to benefit

Connect people 
to experts

Unlock smart 
money decisions

Be the center of 
small business growth

Disrupt the small 
business mid-market

METRICS

Self Service: Reduce unnecessary data work;  
City map domains with self-service access 
Data and AI: Increase acquisition of most 
important customer data/docs; Grow 
AI-enabled tasks in ML, NLP, and KE
Customer Benefit: Instrument top customer 
intents; Increase customer benefit for a 
set of experiences; Reduce time to insights; 
Increase number of experiments

Customers: TTL, QBL
Retention: TTL, QBL
PRS: TTL, QBL, Experts
ARPC: TTL, QBL
Revenue: TTL, QBL
Efficiency: Decrease services variable margin, 
Increase Customer to Expert ratio TTL 
US/CA, and QBL

Customers: CK Annual SDU, ACK NMM, 
CKM from TTO, CKM from Payroll, Mint 
MAU, MxQB Actives, MM monthly GPU
Retention: CK, Mint
PRS: Mint, MM Product Market Fit
ARPC: CK RpDAU, Mint RpS, MM loan 
per customer
Revenue: CK, ACK-CK, ACK-TTO, Mint

Customer: Omnichannel commerce
Retention: Omnichannel commerce
PRS: Omnichannel commerce
ARPC: Omnichannel commerce
Revenue: Omnichannel commerce

Customers: QBO Advanced
Retention: QBO Advanced
PRS: QBO Advanced
ARPC: QBO Advanced
Revenue: QBO Advanced

Intuit Confidential and Proprietary 1

43

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Ethics & Integrity 
GRI 102-16
Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior (Core) 

We are a purpose-driven company and our values define who 
we are as a company. They are our true north and the reason 
why we show up to work every single day to do incredible 
things for our customers.

•  Integrity Without Compromise: We speak the truth and 

assume best intent. We value trust above all else and we do 
the right thing, even when no one is looking.

•  Courage: We are bold and fearless in how we think and act. 
We relentlessly hold a high bar for performance. We value 
speed, a bias for learning and action.

•  Customer Obsession: We fall in love with our customers’ 

problems. We deliver unrivaled customer benefits to power 
their prosperity. We sweat every detail of the experience to 
deliver excellence.

•  Stronger Together: We champion diversity, inclusion, and 
a respectful environment. We thrive on diverse voices to 
challenge and inform decisions. We deliver exceptional 
results so others can count on us.

•  We Care and Give Back: We are stewards of the future. We 
strengthen the communities around us. We strive to give 
everyone the opportunity to prosper.

Intuit employees are expected to act with integrity, follow 
the law and Intuit’s policies, ask for help, and report concerns. 
Everyone at Intuit is also expected to use good judgment 
and be open, honest and transparent in all they do for the 
company. Intuit has a Code of Conduct & Ethics, applicable 
to all employees. In addition, Intuit has a separate Code of 
Ethics that applies to all of its Board of Directors (Board) 
members. The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board has 
oversight responsibility for Intuit’s ethics and compliance 
programs, including the Code of Conduct & Ethics and the 
Board Code of Ethics. Intuit’s General Counsel has operational 
responsibility for the ethics and compliance programs, which, 
for example, require Intuit’s workforce to take regular 
ethics training. 

GRI 102-17
Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

GRI 102-19
Delegating authority

Intuit’s workforce has many channels to receive ethics advice 
or report ethics concerns, including a 24-hour hotline, 
operated by an independent third party, that is available to the 
company’s U.S. and non-U.S. workforce. Intuit’s workforce is 
encouraged to seek ethics advice from company leadership, 
human resources, and the legal, compliance and policy 
organization. Intuit has a strict non-retaliation policy for the 
reporting of ethics violations or other concerns. 

Intuit also expects its business partners, suppliers, contractors 
and agents to abide by similar values and standards and to 
act with integrity and in accordance with applicable laws, rules 
and regulations. You can learn more about Intuit’s Supplier 
Responsibility here. 

Governance
GRI 102-18
Governance structure (Core) 

Intuit strives for excellence in its governance practices. Intuit’s 
Board of Directors believes that a diverse and experienced 
Board is critical for reaching sound decisions that drive 
shareholder value. Intuit’s Board is composed of 12 members 
of varying tenures, ages, genders, racial/ethnic backgrounds 
and professional experiences. The company is proud of its 
balanced and diverse Board composition, its ability to recruit 
new Board members, its robust annual Board and committee 
self-evaluation process, the transparency of its financial 
performance and strategy, and the two-way dialogue Intuit 
works to maintain with its shareholders. 

A majority of Intuit’s Board, and all members of the standing 
committees, are independent. The key practices and 
procedures of Intuit’s Board of Directors are outlined in the 
company’s Corporate Governance Principles and members of 
Intuit’s Board operate under Intuit’s Board Code of Ethics, both 
of which are reviewed annually by the Board and are publicly 
available. 

See “Board Oversight of Risk” on page 11 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20. Additionally, committee charters 
and members are noted here.

GRI 102-20
Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental 
and social topics

Corporate Responsibility is led by Lara Balazs, Executive Vice 
President, Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, 
Strategic Partner Group. Ms. Balazs reports directly to the 
President and Chief Executive Officer, Sasan Goodarzi. 

As set forth in its charter, the Nominating and Governance 
Committee of the Board has oversight of and reviews Intuit’s 
practices relating to corporate responsibility, including 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. This 
committee discusses with management periodic reports 
on Intuit’s progress on ESG-related matters and related 
communications with investors and other stakeholders. The 
Compensation and Organizational Development Committee 
of the Board, under its charter, has oversight of diversity, 
equity and inclusion initiatives in support of organizational 
development. Also see “Board Oversight of Risk” beginning 
on page 11 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11/25/20.

GRI 102-21
Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and 
social topics

See “Stockholder Engagement Process” on page 19 of Intuit’s 
Proxy Statement filed on 11/25/20.

GRI 102-22
Composition of the highest governance body and 
its committees

See “Board Highlights” on pages 5-6 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20 for the Board composition and 
“Our Board Nominees” on pages 23-29 of the Proxy Statement 
for Board biographies that include the number of each 
director’s other significant positions and commitments, and 
the nature of the commitments.

44

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

GRI 102-23
Chair of the highest governance body 

See “Board Leadership Structure” on pages 12-13 of Intuit’s 
Proxy Statement filed on 11/25/20. 

GRI 102-24
Nominating the highest governance body

See “Qualifications of Directors” on page 14 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20. 

GRI 102-25
Conflicts of interest

See “Transactions with Related Persons” on page 22 and 
“Director Independence” on page 14 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20. Intuit does not have a controlling 
shareholder. As of 07/31/21, no natural person owns more 
than 5%, and no institutional shareholder owns more than 10%.

GRI 102-26
Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, 
and strategy

See “The Board’s Role” on pages 11-12 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20. 

GRI 102-27
Collective knowledge of highest governance body

The Compensation and Organizational Development 
Committee receives updates on diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) at least annually. The Nominating and 
Governance Committee receives other ESG updates 
at least twice a year. The Audit and Risk Committee 
reviews our ESG-related disclosure practices and also, 
on a quarterly basis, receives updates on any significant 
potential conflicts of interest. These updates are provided 
by the senior executives that lead the areas, including  
the Chief People and Places Officer, the Chief Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion Officer, the Chief Marketing Officer 
and General Manager, Strategic Partner Group, who 
leads Corporate Responsibility, the General Counsel 
and the Vice President of Investor Relations. The General 
Counsel’s team, the independent compensation consultant 
to the Compensation and Organizational Development 

Committee and Intuit’s external investment relations 
advisor also provide the Board with updates and insights 
around external ESG trends. 

GRI 102-38
Annual total compensation ratio

GRI 102-39
Percentage increase in total compensation ratio

See “CEO Pay Ratio” on page 74 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement 
filed on 11/25/20. CEO pay ratio was 122:1 in 2020 and 114:1 
in 2019.

GRI 102-28 
Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance

See “Board Evaluation Process” on page 15 of Intuit’s Proxy 
Statement filed on 11/25/20.

GRI 102-31
Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

GRI 102-32
Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

The Compensation and Organizational Development 
Committee receives updates on DEI at least annually. The 
Nominating and Governance Committee receives ESG 
updates at least twice a year. The Audit and Risk Committee 
reviews our ESG-related disclosure practices and also, on 
a quarterly basis, receives updates on significant potential 
conflicts of interest quarterly.

The Nominating and Governance Committee is informed of 
the Corporate Responsibility Report topics. 

GRI 102-35
Remuneration policies

SASB 270a.1

Percentage of total employee remuneration that is variable 
and linked to the amount of products and services sold

See “Director Compensation” on pages 31-35 and 
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis” on pages 38-59 of 
Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11/25/20.

45

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Stakeholder Engagement
GRI 102-40
List of stakeholder groups (Core)

Intuit’s four key stakeholder groups:

•  Employees: Where the world’s top talent does the best work 

of their lives

•  Customers: Delight customers more than rivals in what 

matters most

•  Communities: Make a difference in the communities the 

company serves

•  Shareholders: Drive long-term growth, increasing 

shareholder value

GRI 102-42
Stakeholder identification (Core)

GRI 102-43
Approach to stakeholder engagement (Core)

Stakeholders are part of “True North,” the goals Intuit uses 
to run the company; Intuit uses True North Goals to solve for 
both short- and long-term success across Intuit’s stakeholders. 

True North Goals are grounded in two principles: stewardship 
and stakeholders. Stewardship is the accountability Intuit 
has for short and long – that is, delivering the best results the 
company can in the current 12-month period while making 
decisions today that leave the company stronger for the 
generation that follows. Stakeholders is our principle for  
being clear about who Intuit serves. Intuit serves employees, 
customers, communities and shareholders, and it has a clear 
definition of how we engage with each of these four key 
stakeholders. 

•  Employees: Intuit frequently engages with its employees 

and seeks their feedback. The primary methods of 
engagement include monthly check-ins, company-wide 
surveys and quarterly all-hands.

•  Customers: Intuit has a long history of engaging with its 

customers, both to understand their biggest needs and to 
measure the company’s success in addressing those needs 
with the products it provides.

•  Communities: Intuit is committed to supporting the world 
and the communities it serves beyond the benefits of its 

products. This is a core aspect of the total company strategy 
and includes identifying measurable targets which allow 
Intuit to measure progress.

•  Shareholders: Intuit regularly engages with stockholders 
to better understand their perspectives. During FY 2021, 
the company held discussions with many of its largest 
stockholders during scheduled events, including its 2020 
Annual Investor Day and Annual Meeting of Stockholders, 
as well as in regularly held private meetings throughout 
the year.

Reporting Practice
GRI 102-45
Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 
(Core)

See “Exhibit 21.01” of Intuit’s Form 10-K for the year ended 
7/31/21.

GRI 102-46
Defining report content and topic boundaries (Core)

The Corporate Responsibility (CR) leadership team sets 
the strategic agenda and develops specific programs and 
initiatives across the company and reports periodically to 
senior management about progress against philanthropic 
and CR goals. The CR team works across internal stakeholders 
and functions and connects external stakeholders with the 
company’s mission and purpose in ways that benefit its 
employees, its business and its global communities, and that 
we realize are important to its shareholders.

GRI 102-47
List of material topics (Core) 

In FY 2021, Intuit undertook an assessment to identify the CR 
topics that are most significant to the company:

•  Diversity and Inclusion

•  Job Creation

•  Job Readiness

•  Climate-Positive Commitment and Progress

•  Ethical Practices and Risk Management

Intuit worked with external experts and internal stakeholders 
to help define the issues, which formed the foundation for this 

Corporate Responsibility Report and the company’s overall CR 
strategy. Intuit plans to update this analysis periodically.

GRI 102-50
Reporting period (Core)

GRI 102-51
Date of most recent report (Core)

GRI 102-52
Reporting cycle (Core)

FY 2021 covers the period from 8/1/20 to 7/31/21. Intuit’s last 
Corporate Responsibility Report came out in October 2020.

GRI 102-53
Contact point for questions regarding the report (Core)

David Zasada, Vice President Corporate Responsibility: 
CR@intuit.com 

GRI 102-54
Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 
(Core)

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards. While many of the disclosures are in 
alignment with this framework at the Core level, this is a GRI-
referenced report. 

46

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Economic

Economic Performance 
GRI 201-1
Direct economic value generated and distributed

See “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in Intuit’s 
Form 10-K for the year ended 7/31/21.

GRI 201-2
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 
climate change

See Intuit’s Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) report submission 
(2020) here. 

Indirect Economic Impacts 
(Material topic: Financial education and inclusion)

GRI 203

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit is a global technology platform company with products 
including TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma, 
which are designed to empower consumers, self-employed 
individuals and small businesses to improve their financial 
lives. Intuit’s platform and products help customers get more 
money with the least amount of work, while giving them 
complete confidence in their actions and decisions. The 
company’s innovative ecosystem of financial management 
solutions serves approximately 100 million customers 
worldwide.

COVID-19 Response

Intuit is always working to harness and apply the collective 
strength of its products and its people to make the world a 
better place, especially for those who need it most. That is 
core to the company’s mission to Power Prosperity Around the 
World. Intuit demonstrated this commitment in its response 
to COVID-19, when it moved quickly to help consumers and 
small businesses access and navigate pandemic-related, U.S. 
government aid and relief programs. 

Intuit partnered with the U.S. government to launch the 
following products quickly:

•  Intuit Aid Assist, offering free, easy-to-use estimators 

for checking eligibility for federal relief programs, and 
estimating Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan 
forgiveness and stimulus eligibility.

•  Intuit TurboTax Stimulus Payment Registration, a free 
product designed to help millions of Americans not 
required to file a tax return to get their stimulus money fast. 

•  Intuit QuickBooks Capital for Paycheck Protection Program, 

an easy way for small business owners, self-employed 
individuals, and other eligible applicants to apply for a PPP 
loan. 

Intuit’s COVID-19 response page provides more information 
about these innovative products, along with details about the 
other ways the company is helping its employees, customers, 
partners and communities to meet unprecedented challenges 
during the pandemic.

GRI 203-1
Infrastructure investments and services supported

Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation

The Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation (IFFF) is Intuit’s 
charitable foundation dedicated to programs and 
public/private/not-for-profit partnerships that help bring 
opportunities to prosper to all, especially those with lower 

incomes. IFFF was created in 2002, with a focus on 
making tax time an empowering and confidence, building 
opportunity, which continues to be the cornerstone of the 
foundation’s work. 

Through IFFF, Intuit donates its software and resources to 
empower people, and the organizations and communities 
that serve them, to achieve better money outcomes. Intuit has 
long supported the empowerment of individual taxpayers to 
manage their own finances, including preparing their own tax 
returns, so that they receive every dollar they’ve earned and 
deserve. For those living with lower incomes, tax time, unlike 
any other point during the year, is a moment to help them 
improve their financial lives. 

TurboTax Donations and Free File Programs 

A priority of IFFF is to empower those who need it the most 
to prepare and file their tax returns with free Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS)-sponsored programs, like the IRS Free File 
program where they can use tax preparation software donated 
by Intuit and other companies, and to connect to programs 
that help them maximize their tax refund.

In 2021, Intuit entered its 23nd consecutive tax season of 
donating TurboTax to lower and middle-income taxpayers; 
the last 19 of those tax seasons have been through the IRS 
and state Free File programs. Free File, which is modeled 
after Intuit’s pioneering philanthropic efforts, gives taxpayers 
with the lowest Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) the option of 
choosing versions of online tax preparation software from 
multiple private companies that they can find on the IRS or 
State Departments of Revenue websites. A formal agreement 
between industry and the IRS ensures the tax software 
products are vetted, completely free to eligible taxpayers and 
provided at no cost to the government. 

47

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

In 2021, Intuit donated 5.4 million federal and state returns to 
lower-income taxpayers through the IRS and state Free File 
programs. That is a 45% increase from 2020.

Intuit’s support for lower-income taxpayers extends through 
IFFF partnerships and programs. Since 2010, IFFF has 
provided more than $33 million to industry trade groups, 
local IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) programs, 
community-based organizations and national tax assistance 
associations. Some of the 2021 initiatives with these valued 
partners are described below.

Free File Fillable Forms

In addition, Intuit has built and donated the Free File Fillable 
Forms (FFFF) product to the Free File Alliance and IRS.  This 
product allows all taxpayers the opportunity to prepare and 
electronically file their tax returns at no cost using a forms-
based preparation experience.  Instead of preparing a manual 
tax return with paper and pencil and then mailing the forms 
to the IRS, FFFF enables taxpayers to efficiently enter and file 
their information entirely electronically.

Tax Time Allies

IFFF founded and sponsors Tax Time Allies (TTA), a growing 
movement of public, private and nonprofit groups and 
organizations working to empower taxpayers to take control 
of their finances and save more of their hard-earned money. 
Allies are national, state and local organizations — including 
VITAs, Asset Building Coalitions, and the American Library 
Association — with a shared mission to help those who need 
it the most to access free, IRS-sponsored taxpayer assistance 
programs and opportunities to invest in their financial 
well-being.

portion of their tax refunds. 18,700 individuals took the Tax 
Time pledge to save $7.5 million of their tax refunds. Despite 
the shift in focus, week over week pledge numbers remained 
roughly the same as the previous year with 61% of pledges 
coming from existing members versus new ones, indicating a 
high level of engagement among members around the topic 
of taxes.

For the fourth year, IFFF drove a national TTA digital outreach 
campaign to help eligible taxpayers find and use Free File. The 
campaign, which used Facebook posts, as well as search and 
web banner ads, resulted in nearly 126 million impressions 
and over 2.7 million clicks directly to the IRS Free File website. 
The outreach campaign ran throughout the extended tax 
season, which ended on 5/17/21, instead of the traditional 
April 15 tax day.

Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, IFFF worked closely 
with VITA programs in the United States and Community 
Volunteer Income Tax Programs (CVITP) in Canada to help 
them transition from in-person taxpayer assistance to virtual 
taxpayer assistance. IFFF provided training, networking 
and video tools to help the programs test and perfect new 
volunteer training methods, technology to connect volunteers 
and taxpayers, and protocols for serving taxpayers who had 
never prepared their own returns. The lessons and resources 
developed in tax year 2019  enabled VITAs and CVITPs to 
accelerate and perfect their virtual services for the public as 
the pandemic continued to impact their in-person services 
during tax year 2020.

SaverLife as an employee benefit, receiving a dollar-to-dollar 
match of up to $40 per month, plus a $20 bonus to support 
the goal of building $500 in emergency savings. Alorica 
has reported that the program has been a key part of their 
culture and engagement building activities, especially for new 
employees.

Through these and other outreach efforts, including the use 
of regional media and nonprofit partnerships to build trust 
and awareness, SaverLife, with support from Intuit, has helped 
more than 11,460 households in these communities to boost 
their financial wellness. Over 50% of participants were able 
to deposit $500 or more in their accounts, despite COVID-
related hardships.

Product Donations (Number)

2018

2019

2020

2021

QuickBooks

124,462

105,341

131,921

182,532

TurboTax  
Freedom 
Edition

ProConnect

Lacerte

Product 
Value

2,315,743 2,256,580 3,710,707 5,374,708

65

11

65

11

32

12

65

11

$68. 

$68.2M 

$54.3M

$79.6M $120.0M

2M

Tax Time Savings 

Boosting financial wellness with a community-first approach

Cash Giving

Some Allies, like Intuit, create and donate software so people 
can confidently file their taxes on their own and receive every 
dollar they deserve. Other Allies, like VITAs, drive programs 
that connect people with trained volunteers who prepare their 
tax returns for them. And some Allies help families learn how 
to invest part of their tax refund so they can increase savings 
for financial stability. 

TTA and nonprofit organization SaverLife, for example, 
launched the Tax Time savings initiative in 2018, with the 
goal of encouraging Americans to save their tax refunds and 
boost their financial stability. In 2021, the program shifted to 
focusing on activating SaverLife members around improving 
their savings by pledging to use Free File and also saving a 

Intuit worked with SaverLife in FY 2021 to expand a 
technology-based savings solution to all six U.S.-based 
Prosperity Hub communities: Bluefield, West Virginia; 
Johnstown, Pennsylvania; Wise, Virginia; Hazard, Kentucky; 
Lawton, Oklahoma and Morristown, Tennessee. With Intuit’s 
support, SaverLife combined digital, traditional and grassroots 
advertising efforts in an eight-month program to help these 
communities leverage well-loved programs to build and 
expand a culture of savings.  

Increasing the financial stability of call center employees is 
a program goal. The regions’ largest employers, call center 
operators Alorica, Concentrix, Sykes and Sitel, are also 
Intuit business partners. Employees at all sites were offered 

Donation  
Matching & Grants

Intuit Financial 
Freedom 
Foundation

2018

2019

2020

2021

$2.7M

$2.5M

$3.4M

$3.4M

$3.8M

$4.0M

$4.3M

$4.3M

In addition to the above, Intuit donated $2.8M through 
the Prosperity Fund, a fund created to provide support to 
communities in need at critical times. 

Intuit also supports organizations that help prepare young 
people on their path to prosperity, such as the Jump$tart 

In 2020, Intuit sponsored the first ever virtual muster for 
Bunker Labs, a U.S.-based nonprofit that supports and 
convenes military-connected entrepreneurs and small 
business owners. Over 500 veteran-owned small businesses 
attended. 

Finally, to execute our share repurchase plan, one of the 
banks we utilize is Academy Securities, an investment bank 
owned and operated by military veterans. Academy leverages 
intensive past Military training, in depth current financial 
experience, geopolitical knowledge and broad networks.

See “Stock Repurchase Programs” in Note 11 to the financial 
statements in Item 8 of Form 10-K for the year ended 7/31/21.

48

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy, a coalition that seeks 
to advance the financial literacy of K-12 youth.

GRI 203-2
Significant indirect economic impacts

In 2021, Intuit donated more than 5.4 million federal and state 
tax return filings to lower income taxpayers through Free File 
programs. The company donated QuickBooks products to 
nonprofits and small business development centers in the 
United States and Canada and to educational institutions 
around the globe, valuing at $89.7M.

“We Care and Give Back”

We Care and Give Back is one of Intuit’s longest-standing 
values. It is deeply rooted in our culture. Our employee 
volunteer and giving program — also called We Care & Give 
Back, or WCGB — helps Intuit deliver on its commitment to 
serve the communities near our locations around the world. By 
supporting employees in the many ways they give generously 
of their time, talent and resources to the causes they care 
about, we are helping maximize the impact of doing good. 

Supported by the Intuit Foundation for U.S.-based activity, and 
Intuit Inc. globally, WCGB helps employees make a difference 
in the community through paid time off to volunteer (up to 
one week per year), donation matching  (up to $5,000 or 
local currency equivalent per year), and other programmatic 
elements designed to encourage and fund employee-led 
activities. We encourage our employees to take on leadership 
roles as well, by offering grants for employees serving on the 
board of a vetted nonprofit or NGO. During FY 2021, Intuit 
employees volunteered more than 20,000 hours and donated 
over $6.2 million to charitable organizations, including Intuit’s 
match.

In addition to supporting individual and team participation, 
Intuit hosts an annual global, signature event called Week of 
Service. While we believe that it is important for employees to 
support the causes and nonprofits they care about year-round, 
Week of Service is a time dedicated to helping employees 
everywhere get involved and connect with each other while 
collectively doing good in the communities where we live 
and work. In FY 2021, Intuit employees came together to 
participate in more than 100 global, local, team and individual 
opportunities, supporting communities around the world. 

2017

2018

2019

2020     

2021     

$2.5M $2.7M $2.5M $3.4M $3.4M

Donation  
Matching 
& Grants

Global Education Programs 

Intuit’s signature education initiative in India is the Educating 
Girl Child Project. Since 2017, this unique program has 
supported the education of approximately 300 girls in India. 
This program aims to sponsor the education of hundreds 
of girls through free education, after-school tutoring, career 
counseling and life skill lessons.

We have evolved the program from the earlier model of 1:1 
(one girl per Intuit female employee), providing a greater 
opportunity to empower more girls to create talent, resources 
and skill sets amongst them to meet our long-term goals. 
We are proud to share that our Girl Child Program has now 
expanded beyond Karnataka to help students across India.

Intuit Military and Veteran Initiative

The Intuit Military and Veteran Initiative (MAVI), established 
in October 2019, is Intuit’s commitment to help transform the 
lives of military families and veterans through community, 
jobs and financial empowerment. Like military families and 
veterans, Intuit is committed to excellence, motivated by 
mission and driven by a sense of purpose. 

Intuit believes that veterans and military spouses provide 
a source of unique skills and talent — and the company 
strives to compete for that talent, while honoring those who 
served. MAVI exists to present a cohesive cross-company 
representation of Intuit’s job opportunities and financial 
empowerment programs for veterans and military families.

Intuit’s mission through the MAVI program is to set a new gold 
standard for powering prosperity in the military community 
by embracing the value of and creating opportunity for those 
with the diverse skills and experiences developed through 
military service. Intuit’s goal for the program is to create a 
robust and industry precedent-setting military program that 
becomes woven into the fabric of the company.

49

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Environmental1

Energy 
(Material topic: Energy management)

SASB 130a.1
Total energy consumed, percentage grid electricity, 
percentage renewable

GRI 302

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Consistent with its operating values, Intuit has charted an 
ambitious path toward becoming the most environmentally 
sustainable company it can be. In FY 2020, it achieved its goal 
of 100% renewable electricity for our global operations, ten 
years earlier than planned. In addition, the company achieved 
carbon neutrality for its worldwide operations first in 2015, and 
continues to mitigate its footprint year over year and achieve 
carbon neutrality to-date. 

Based on its positive environmental impact in 2019, Intuit 
earned validation for its core sustainability targets from the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a collaboration among 
CDP, World Resources Institute, the Worldwide Fund for 
Nature and the UN Global Compact. The SBTi also verifies 
and vets each of Intuit’s targets to ensure alignment to the 
latest research and understanding of climate science, thus 
maximizing impact. 

Building on that success, Intuit announced in FY 2020 a 
new commitment to surpassing carbon neutrality: the 50x 
by 30 climate-positive goal. Using its 2018 carbon footprint 
metric as a baseline, Intuit is committed to reducing carbon 
emissions by 50 times greater than its 2018 carbon footprint 
over the next decade. See page 36 for more details on specific 
initiatives. 

GRI 302-1
Energy consumption within the organization 

GRI 302-2
Energy consumption outside the organization 

Energy Use
(kWh)

2018

2019

2020

Scope 1

19,505,000

10,494,000

7,137,920

Scope 2

71,927,000

31,804,000

29,894,530 

Total

91,432,000

42,298,000

37,032,450

Renewables

Electricity from 
renewable sources

Progress toward 
100% goal

2018

2019

2020

2021

76%

76%

100%

100%

76%

76%

100%

100%

reach its 100% renewable electricity goal. The project became 
operational in FY 2020.

In 2019, Intuit was the first buyer of carbon offsets from 
Tradewater, an international organization that works to collect 
and destroy refrigerants that have a large negative impact on 
the environment. Today, Intuit is providing guidance and scale 
to accelerate the company’s positive impact together. The two 
companies partnered to launch the Catalytic Coalition in May 
2021, bringing together leading companies to build a strategy 
to reduce their use of refrigerants within their portfolios 
of buildings. This coalition’s goal is to collect and destroy 
greenhouse gases, permanently preventing their release into 
the atmosphere. At scale, the program can help offset carbon 
emissions for smaller businesses seeking to mitigate and 
reduce their emissions. In July, we introduced Tradewater to 
our Prosperity Hub in Bluefield, VA to collect refrigerants from 
small businesses and individuals for cash in order to properly 
dispose of them, reducing more than 700 metric tonnes of 
carbon from being released into the atmosphere.

As of April 2020, Intuit reached its goal of achieving 100% 
renewable electricity for its global operations. It accomplished 
this 10 years earlier than its 2030 goal.

GRI 302-3
Energy intensity

Intuit has invested in on-site solar installations in Mountain 
View and San Diego, California, and in Tucson, Arizona. 
The company’s Plano, Texas, campus purchases 100% of its 
electricity from an off-site wind farm. And, as of January 2017, 
Intuit’s global headquarters in Mountain View purchases 100% 
of its electricity from an off-site wind farm.

Intuit also solidified its long-term commitment to renewable 
energy by signing a 12-year commitment with Clearway 
Energy in November 2018. Intuit partnered with multiple 
companies on an aggregated Virtual Power Purchase 
Agreement (VPPA) to develop 419 MW of new wind-
generation capacity at Mesquite Star Wind Farm in Fisher 
County, Texas. Intuit committed 10 MW from the project to 

Energy Intensity

2018

2019

2020

Revenue ($)

6 billion

6.8 billion

7.7 billion

Energy use (kWh)

91,432,000 42,298,000 37,032,450

Energy intensity 
(kWh/revenue)

0.0152

0.0063

0.0048

See Intuit’s CDP report submission (2020) here.  

1. Totals exclude Credit Karma data.

 
50

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Emissions 
(Material topic: Greenhouse gas emissions)

GRI 305

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Waste Reduction

Goal

Metric 

% Waste 
Diverted

Divert 90% of our annual waste by 2020

2017

2018

2019

2020

Effluents & Waste 
GRI 306-2
Waste by type and disposal method

70%

72%

76%

77%

Waste Reduction

Progress to Goal

78%

80%

84%

86%

All Operations

Goal

Metric

% GHG Emission 
Reduction from 
2012 Baseline

Reduce Intuit’s carbon footprint 
throughout all operations by 50% 
by 2025, as compared to 2012

2017

2018

2019

2020

GRI 305-1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

GRI 305-2
Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

43%

47%

48%

67%

GRI 305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Progress to Goal

86%

94%

96% 134%

Intuit’s Buildings

Reduce Intuit’s buildings’ carbon 
footprint by 80% by 2025, as compared 
to 2012

2017

2018

2019

2020

GRI 305-4
GHG emissions intensity

GRI 305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions

Greenhouse Gas Emissions (MT CO2e)
2019
2017

2018

64%

73%

80%

88%

Scope 1

Scope 2

3,176

2,045

1,912

9,682

7,622

5,136 

2,460 

2020

1,770

Progress to Goal

80%

91% 100% 110%

Scope 3

28,346

28,459

30,476

19,251

Total

41,204

38,126

37,524

23,481

Renewable Energy

100% renewable electricity by 2030

GHG Intensity

2017

2018

2019

2020

2017

2018

2019

2020

Revenue ($)

5.2 billion

6 billion

6.8 billion

7.7 billion

70%

76%

76% 100%

Goal

Metric

% GHG Emission 
Reduction from 
2012 Baseline

Goal

Metric

% Used Electricity 
Generated from 
Renewable 
Sources

Progress to Goal

70%

76%

76% 100%

Total GHGs 
(MT CO2e)

GHG 

intensity 
(MT CO2/
Revenue)

12,858

9,630

7,048

4,230

0.000002473 0.000001605 0.000001036

.0000005494

See Intuit’s CDP report submission (2020) here. 

COVID-19 continues to have a direct impact on Intuit’s 
waste diversion efforts in FY 2021. The total amount of waste 
generated for the year was 1,015,842 lbs. The company’s 
waste diversion rate was 83% for the year, with its fourth 
quarter reaching 83%.

Intuit recognizes that this improvement was not due solely 
to its actions as a company. So, it is committed to continuing 
to drive initiatives to become zero-waste. Also, Intuit will 
need to rethink some of its efforts, as it recognizes that the 
pandemic will impact how the company uses real estate and 
its corporate campuses in the future due to future plans to 
implement a hybrid work environment.

Waste

% Waste 
Diverted

Progress 
to Goal

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

70%

72%

76%

77%

83%

78%

80%

84%

86%

92%

51

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Social

Employment 
(Material topic: Recruitment and retention)

Training & Education
(Material topic: Recruitment and retention)

GRI 401

GRI 404

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

The greatest strength of Intuit is its people. Its employees are 
fueled by a passion to serve Intuit’s global customers and 
communities. As a company, Intuit strives to create a culture 
where employees are inspired to take action and make a 
positive difference.

GRI 401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 
to temporary or part-time employees

GRI 401-3
Parental leave

See Intuit’s benefits here.

Occupational Health  
and Safety
GRI 403-6 
Promotion of worker health

COVID-19 response

Intuit prioritized protecting our employees and extended 
workforce and slowing the spread of COVID-19 as the virus 
continued to impact the world. After our initial response 
outlined in the FY 2020 report, and as it became clear this new 
way of working would last longer than expected, we continue 
to reevaluate our benefits to ensure employees and our 
extended workforce receive the support they need. 

GRI 404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs

Learning Technology to Support Employee 
Development

In service to employee learning and growth, craft skills are 
identified, documented and communicated across Intuit. 
In FY 2021, Intuit launched a companywide effort to ensure 
that all craft areas have updated craft skills, and employees 
understand how to develop those skills through continuous 
learning. Intuit also recently launched a suite of modern 
learning tools where employees can access thousands of 
internal and external courses, videos, articles, books and  
more — all in one place on the Degreed learning platform. 
This new learning tech stack makes it easier than ever for 
employees to grow personally and professionally.

Employees also have the opportunity to set personal 
development goals using the Betterworks goal-setting 
platform. This tool is also integrated with a leading learning 
platform, and enables employees to set career and 
skill-development goals and link learning plans to them, 
further empowering employees to streamline their learning 
and development.  

Tech Women @ Intuit

Tech Women @ Intuit, or TWI, is Intuit’s strategic global 
initiative to recruit, engage and develop technical women 
at all career stages. TWI offers a full lineup of events and 

professional development programs to give prospective 
employees an insight into Intuit’s corporate culture, and 
existing employees opportunities to grow their careers. 

As an example, Intuit always has a significant presence at the 
Grace Hopper Celebration, the world’s largest gathering of 
women technologists. The company sends more than 100 
employees to attend the conference annually. Intuit had 20 
presenters at the 2020 conference and more than 4,200 
people visited its virtual booth during the event.

Design for Delight

Intuit’s “secret sauce” for innovation is Design for Delight 
(D4D), which is the company’s way of looking at design 
thinking. This system starts with deep customer empathy,  
goes broad in lots of solutions before narrowing, and uses 
rapid experimentation to test solutions. To develop empathy,  
Intuit encourages its employees to know the company’s 
customers — watch them, listen to them, visit their homes 
and workplaces — so they can discover and solve important 
customer problems. 

D4D is vital because it provides the entire company with 
a common framework for building great products and to 
be customer-obsessed. Intuit has an Innovation Catalyst 
community of about 400 employees driving D4D around the 
world, who support projects ranging from product design to 
social impact in underserved communities. 

One Intuit Learning Community

Across Intuit, the One Intuit Learning Community is a 
federated model of learning and development professionals 
dedicated to supporting employees with customized 
programs based on department and organizational 
learning goals, craft skills and other learning priorities and 
requirements. This community works together to ensure their 
offerings are cutting edge and best-in-class, so that employees 
are learning the most relevant and impactful subject matter 
and developing their skills for their current and future career 
goals. 

 
52

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Leadership Development 
At Intuit, we believe that when we have strong leadership, 
everyone wins. During FY 2021, we launched a new 
Leadership Playbook to help executives and managers 
understand what’s expected of them and how they can add 
value to their team and the company. It outlines three pillars 
that guide Intuit leaders: 1) Lead with a clear vision; 2) Build 
a high-performance culture; and 3) Drive winning results. To 
make the Playbook actionable, we created a learning module 
in Degreed that unpacks the teachings and includes examples 
of how to demonstrate specific, value-adding behaviors in 
day-to-day activities and interactions. We also created the 
VP Leadership Lab, an interactive program that gives VP 
leaders a deep sense of ownership for and commitment to the 
Playbook, lets them practice the three pillars and helps them 
define their own teachable point of view to bring the Playbook 
to life. This program is being rolled out to Directors across 
Intuit in FY 2022. 

In addition, we have a robust executive and manager 
development program, along with dozens of point-of-need 
resources to support managers — new and seasoned — in 
developing their people leader skills so that they can support 
their team in both day-to-day management and long-term 
career growth and development. 

GRI 404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 
career development reviews

Intuit believes that timely, relevant feedback fosters trust 
and growth in the workplace. Employees have monthly 
check-ins with their managers to align their business goals, 
share feedback and provide direction for their professional 
development. This monthly feedback mechanism enables 
Intuit’s employees and managers to track progress 
toward their goals and to grow and develop. In addition, 
all employees receive annual performance and pay 
reviews, where they are recognized and rewarded for their 
contributions throughout the year.

Diversity & Equal Opportunity
(Material topics: Employee and board diversity; Pay equity)

GRI 405

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit continues to focus on attracting and retaining a talented 
and diverse workforce that creates inclusion, inspiration and 
innovation.

Recruitment 

Intuit continues to build a truly diverse workforce. The 
company has a dedicated talent team that seeks to find a 
talented and diverse set of professional candidates around 
the world. Intuit also partners with a wide range of external 
organizations that help the company to recruit new hires, 
develop early career talent and convert internships into 
full-time positions within the company. Intuit is creating 
a pipeline of diverse talent through partnerships with 
groups such as Girls Who Code, the National Center for 
Women & Information Technology, AnitaB.org, YesWeCode, 
Management Leadership for Tomorrow, AfroTech, Blacks in 
Technology, Latinas in Tech and Techqueria, as well as with 
multiple institutions of higher education, such as historically 
black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic-serving 
institutions (HSIs). 

Product Accessibility 
Accessibility and Inclusive Design at Intuit 

As the world recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic, 
there’s a greater recognition that a person’s disability is 
defined by the mismatch of their ability and their environment. 
Elements previously considered accommodations are now 
routine: remote work, video conferencing, closed captioning, 
mental health, ergonomics, flexible work hours and 
readable documentation. Over the past year, Intuit’s 
Accessibility and Inclusive Design team has transformed 
how we build products, support customers and develop an 
inclusive workplace. 

True inclusion embraces the intersectionality of ability, race, 
gender, socio-economic, education, sexual orientation, 
family and housing, and age. Intuit Design System provides 

leadership for design ethics and diverse representation within 
product development and hiring. Our customer research 
platform ensures a diverse set of customer interviews. We 
developed techniques to highlight accessibility-related 
comments within customer feedback. Intuit’s Abilities 
Network has worked closely with other employee resource 
groups to spotlight diverse small businesses, expanded 
accommodations, mental health awareness and family support 
benefits. 

Investing in Leader Capability 

Intuit believes that building a diverse team is critical, but is 
only one aspect of creating an inclusive culture. As part of 
its ongoing effort to invest in its people, in April 2019 Intuit 
rolled out a workshop for leaders around Leading Inclusively, 
that in September 2020 was turned into an e-learning module 
too, meant for all employees. As of July 2021, 1,320 people 
managers have attended the Leading Inclusively @ Intuit 
workshop, and over 1,230 employees have completed the 
Leading Inclusively e-learning. 

In the last year we have continued to invest in managers’ 
capabilities, providing them with training and resources 
needed to foster an environment of inclusion, to 
empathetically engage with teams, and to create a safe space 
for difficult conversations.

Racial Equity Advancement Leadership (REAL) Team 

Diversity and inclusion are core to who we are at Intuit, 
but we are too often silent on the racial injustice and 
discrimination that our Black colleagues face every day. 
We must continue to improve, especially when it comes to 
having a greater percentage of underrepresented minorities 
within our employee population, in particular increasing our 
representation of Black employees. We have been guided in 
this work by a team of employees within our African Ancestry 
Network called the REAL Team. The REAL Team is helping 
us drive durable change as we strive toward creating racial 
equity and equality. The team is helping us work toward 
tangible goals: expanding our traditional talent pipelines 
to generate a more diverse pool of candidates; helping to 
ensure representation at all levels of the company; ensuring 
Black representation is present as we develop new products; 
ensuring our philanthropy work supports communities in 
need; and investing in the education of our Black employees.

 
 
53

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Equality 

Intuit strives to create and maintain an environment where 
differences are valued and respected — differences in 
experience, background and opinion. It strives to provide 
equal employment opportunities for all employees and seeks 
to maintain a workplace free from discrimination, harassment 
and retaliation. Intuit expects its partners to adhere to its 
standards of business conduct and safe workplaces.

In 2021 the Human Rights Campaign Foundation (HRC) 
named Intuit one of the “Best Places to Work for LGBT 
Equality.” Since 2005, Intuit has earned a perfect score on the 
HRC Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index. The company 
continues to learn from its employees about what is going 
well, and the areas of opportunities to continuously evolve its 
diversity and inclusion practices. In 2021, Intuit was rated #8 
Best Employer for Women by Forbes. 

Intuit has created a dashboard that lets all Intuit employees 
see the company’s diversity and inclusion data (gender, 
ethnicity in the United States, pay equity and belonging 
scores), which is updated on a monthly basis. Intuit also 
provides its senior leaders (Director and above) with real-time 
diversity and inclusion data for all hires, promotions, mobility 
and attrition by different demographic factors (e.g., gender 
and ethnicity).

For information on Intuit’s Military support initiatives, see 
GRI 203-2. For information on Intuit’s programs supporting 
Women in Tech, see GRI 404-2.

GRI 405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Board Overview

20181

20192

20203

Tenure

0–5

6–10

10+

50%

20%

30%

55%

9%

36%

50%

17%

33%

Age

50 and 
under

51-60

61+

Gender

Male

Female

30%

30%

40%

70%

30%

27%

27%

45%

73%

27%

33%

25%

42%

67%

33%

Percentages may not total 100 due to rounding 
1 Board composition as of the publication date of Intuit’s FY18 
  Proxy Statement 
2 Board composition as of the publication date of Intuit’s FY19 
  Proxy Statement 
3 Board composition as of the publication date of Intuit’s FY20 
  Proxy Statement  

See “Board Highlights” and “Experience and Expertise” on 
page 5 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11/25/20. 

SASB 330a.3
Gender and racial/ethnic group representation for 
management, technical staff, and all other employees

Employee Gender Diversity (Global)

2019

2020

20211

Overall

Male

Female

Undisclosed

Tech

Male

Female

Undisclosed

Non-Tech

Male

61% 

39% 

0% 

61% 

39% 

0% 

59% 

40% 

0% 

2019

2020

20211

73% 

27%

0% 

71%

28%

0%

69%

30%

0%

49% 

45% 

44% 

Female

Undisclosed

Executives 
(Directors and above)

Male

Female

Undisclosed

51% 

0% 

69% 

31% 

0% 

55%

0%

67%

33%

0%

56%

0%

64%

35%

0%

Employee Ethnicity (U.S.)

2019

2020

20211

Overall

White

Asian

Hispanic or Latinx

Black or African 
American

Native American, 
Alaska Native or 
Hawaiian Native

Two or more races

Undisclosed

Tech

White

Asian

Hispanic or Latinx

Black or African 
American

Native American, 
Alaska Native or 
Hawaiian Native

Two or more races

Undisclosed

46% 

30% 

8% 

3% 

45%

32%

8% 

3%

0% 

0%

2% 

10% 

33% 

47% 

4% 

1% 

2% 

9%

33%

47% 

5%

1%

0% 

0%

2% 

14% 

2%

11%

43%

34%

8%

4%

1%

3%

8%

31%

50%

5%

2%

0%

2%

10%

2019

2020

20211

and refocus its efforts with the goal of reducing and ultimately 
eliminating the need to make salary adjustments.

Local Communities 
(Material topic: Financial education and inclusion)

At Intuit, as of August 1, 2021, women in the U.S. earn on 
average $1.02 for every $1.00 men earn. Minority employees 
(consisting of Asian, Black, Latinx and U.S. Indigenous based 
on governmental definitions) in the U.S. earn on average $1.03 
for every $1.00 white employees earn. Underrepresented 
minority employees at Intuit (consisting of Black, Latinx, U.S. 
Indigenous) earn on average $1.00 for every $1.00 white 
employees earn in the U.S. In India, women earn on average 
$1.00 for every $1.00 men earn. In all other countries, women 
earn on average $1.00 for every $1.00 that men earn. 

Non-Discrimination 
(Material topic: Diversity and Inclusion)

GRI 406

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit is an equal opportunity employer. The company hires, 
promotes and rewards the most qualified employees no 
matter what protected categories they happen to fall into. 
Intuit does not tolerate discrimination based on race, color, 
national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, 
religion or religious dress or grooming practices, age, sex, 
pregnancy or childbirth or breastfeeding status, gender 
identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental 
disability, veteran or military status, marital or registered 
domestic partnership or civil union status, housing status, 
medical condition, genetics, criminal record history or 
any other protected categories. That’s true for all aspects 
of employment, including recruiting, hiring, promotion, 
demotion, transfer, termination, compensation, benefits 
and training.

GRI 413

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

GRI 413-1
Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments, and development programs

In FY 2021, Intuit opened its eighth Prosperity Hub in 
Newcastle, United Kingdom, expanding the program’s 
global impact with eight sites globally. We partner with 
each Prosperity Hub to increase the economic opportunities 
through concentrated job creation, resulting in an economic 
flywheel effect as opportunities throughout the communities 
grow. By the close of FY 2021, Intuit’s Prosperity Hubs created 
a total of 2,240 jobs across the eight communities and we 
successfully protected 100 percent of these jobs throughout 
the pandemic. 

Intuit is committed to leveling the playing field so that 
everyone has the opportunity to prosper. We are laying the 
groundwork to better prepare people for the job market by 
bringing real-world tools into classrooms to help students 
develop personal finance and entrepreneurial skills. In FY 
2021, Intuit supported over 360,000 students and educators, 
building on the 150,000 prepared in FY 2020 and helping us 
reach our goal of 3.6 million people by 2024 through our job 
readiness programs. 

54

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Non-Tech

White

Asian

Hispanic or Latinx

Black or African 
American

Native American, 
Alaska Native or 
Hawaiian Native

Two or more races

Undisclosed

Executives 
(Directors and above)

White

Asian

Hispanic or Latinx

Black or African 
American

Native American, 
Alaska Native or 
Hawaiian Native

Two or more races

Undisclosed

58% 

14% 

12% 

60%

12%

13%

5% 

6%

1% 

3% 

7% 

56% 

26% 

5% 

2% 

1%

3%

6%

56% 

25% 

5%

2%

0% 

1%

1% 

10% 

1%

10%

59%

12%

12%

6%

1%

3%

6%

55% 

24% 

5%

2%

0%

1%

11%

Percentages may not total 100 due to rounding

1 Totals exclude Credit Karma employee data. 

Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion here. 

GRI 405-2
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

As a result of its July 2021 global analysis, Intuit made salary 
adjustments across seven job codes to 172 employees. As of 
August 1, 2021, after giving effect to the adjustments, none of 
the analyzed job codes had statistically significant differences 
in pay based on gender or ethnicity. Intuit continues to refine 

 
55

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Public Policy

GRI 415

Management Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy. 

Intuit transparently participates in the public policy process, 
including educating agencies and elected officials on its policy 
positions and their impact on consumers, small businesses and 
the company’s employees, and supporting candidates whose 
positions on public policy align with Intuit’s corporate policy 
interests. Intuit is nonpartisan; it participates across the political 
spectrum and believes the best policies that serve the public 
interest and common good usually represent a thoughtful 
balance and tend to be forged in the political center through 
a bipartisan, collaborative political process. Intuit complies 
with federal and state laws governing political contributions 
and their reporting and disclosure requirements. You can learn 
more about Intuit’s Political Accountability philosophy and 
approach here. Intuit’s Political Accountability Policy can be 
accessed here. 

GRI 415-1
Political contributions

In the U.S., Intuit’s PAC contributions are publicly disclosed 
to the Federal Election Commission (www.fec.gov), and state 
contributions are publicly disclosed on corresponding state 
websites; all contributions are aggregated and published on 
the company’s website (www.intuit.com) semiannually. See 
Intuit Political Contributions – August 2020 – January 2021 for 
more information. 

Customer Privacy 
(Material topic: Privacy and data security)

GRI 418

Management Approach
Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit is committed to providing its customers with choices 
about their data. For over 10 years, the company has adhered 
to a set of global data stewardship principles that not only 
governs how it operates, but also empowers its customers 
to share their data where and how they want. This means 
providing transparency about when Intuit shares data 
with third-party partners and developers, such as financial 
institutions, and upholding a sense of accountability to 
safeguard its customers’ most sensitive financial information. 
Intuit designs its products and services with privacy and 
governance considerations. Regardless of what Intuit builds, 
maintaining Integrity Without Compromise to its customers is 
at the core of how the company operates. Learn more about 
Intuit’s Data Stewardship Principles and review the latest 
Privacy and Security statements on the company’s website.

A top priority for Intuit is the security of its products. The 
company uses security safeguards to help protect the systems 
and the information customers and employees give to the 
company from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration. 
Intuit uses technical, logical and procedural measures, such 
as multi-factor authentication, which are designed to help 
detect and prevent fraud and misuse of customer information. 
Intuit routinely patches its systems with security updates, and 
it works to protect its systems from unauthorized internal 
or external access using numerous commercially available 
computer security products, as well as internally developed 
security procedures and practices. 

Intuit joins more than 30 global technology and security 
companies as a signatory to the Cybersecurity Tech Accord, a 
publicly shared commitment to collaborate on cybersecurity 
efforts. Additionally, Intuit has been an active participant 
in the IRS Security Summit since its establishment in 2015. 
The summit represents a unique collaboration between the 
tax industry, the states and the IRS to protect taxpayers and 
reduce fraud in the tax system. According to the IRS, as a result 
of actions taken in connection with the IRS Security Summit, 
tax fraud due to identity theft has decreased significantly  
since 2015.

 
 
Description

Page

Description

Page

56

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

GRI Index

General Disclosures

Employee Ethnicity (U.S.)

Description

GRI 102: Organizational Profile

102-1

Name of organization

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

Activities, brands, products,  
and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organization

102-22

Composition of the highest governance 
body and its committees

Page

102-23

Chair of the highest governance body

41

41

41

41

41

41

41

102-24

Nominating and selecting the highest 
governance body

102-25

Conflicts of interest

102-26

102-27

102-28

102-31

102-32

Role of highest governance body in 
setting purpose, values, and strategy

Collective knowledge of highest 
governance body

Evaluating the highest governance 
body’s performance

Review of economic, environmental, 
and social topics

Highest governance body’s role in 
sustainability reporting

GRI 102: Strategy

102-14

Statement from senior decision-maker

42

GRI 102: Ethics & Integrity

102-35

Remuneration policies

102-16

102-17

Values, principles, standards, and 
norms of behavior 

Mechanisms for advice and concerns 
about ethics

GRI 102: Governance

102-18

102-19

102-20

102-21

Governance structure 

Delegating authority

Executive-level responsibility for 
economic, environmental and social 
topics

Consulting stakeholders on economic, 
environmental, and social topics

43

43

43

43

43

43

102-38

Annual total compensation ratio

102-39

Percentage increase in annual total 
compensation ratio

GRI 102: Stakeholder Engagement

102-40

List of stakeholder groups

102-42

Stakeholder identification

102-43

Approach to stakeholder engagement

GRI 102: Reporting Practice

102-45

102-46

Entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements

Defining report content and topic 
boundaries

102-47

List of material topics

102-50

Reporting period

102-51

Date of most recent report

102-52

Reporting cycle 

102-53

102-54

Contact point for questions regarding 
the report

Claims of reporting in accordance with 
the GRI Standards

45

45

45

45

45

45

Economic

Description

Page

GRI 201: Economic Performance

201-1

201-2

Direct economic value generated  
and distributed

Financial implications and other  
risks and opportunities due to c 
limate change

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the material topic, 
its boundary, how the topic is 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the 
company’s strategy.

203-1

Infrastructure investments and  
services supported

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

46

46

46

46

48

43

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

45

45

45

45

45

57

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

Environmental

Social

Description

Page

Description

Page

GRI 302: Energy

GRI 401: Employment

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of  
the company’s strategy.

302-1

302-2

Energy consumption within  
the organization 

Energy consumption outside the 
organization 

302-3

Energy intensity

GRI 305: Emissions

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the 
company’s strategy.

305-1

305-2

305-3

305-4

305-5

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 

Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 

Other (Scope 3) indirect  
GHG emissions 

GHG emissions intensity

Reduction of GHG emissions

GRI 306: Effluents & Waste

49

49

49

49

50

50

50

50

50

50

306-2

Waste by type and disposal method

50

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of  
the company’s strategy.

401-2

Benefits provided to full-time 
employees that are not provided to 
temporary or part-time employees

401-3

Parental leave

GRI 403: Occupational Health & Safety

403-6

Promotion of worker health

GRI 404: Training & Education

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the 
company’s strategy.

404-2

404-3

Programs for upgrading employee 
skills and transition assistance 
programs

Percentage of employees receiving 
regular performance reviews

GRI 405: Diversity & Equal Opportunity

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the 
company’s strategy.

405-1

405-2

Diversity of governance bodies  
and employees

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration 
of women to men

51

51

51

51

51

51

52

52

53

54

Description

Page

GRI 406: Non-Discrimination

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of  
the company’s strategy.

GRI 413: Local Communities

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the 
company’s strategy.

413-1

Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assessment,  
and development programs

GRI 415: Public Policy

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of  
the company’s strategy.

415-1

Political contributions

GRI 418: Customer Privacy

Management 
Approach

Explanation of the topic, how it’s 
managed, and mechanisms for 
evaluating the effectiveness of  
the company’s strategy

54

54

54

55

55

55

58

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report  |  GRI/SASB Indices

SASB Indices

SASB Industry Standard: 
Software & IT Services

Topic/code

Description

Page

Environmental Footprint of Hardware Infrastructure

130a.1

Total energy consumed, percentage 
grid electricity, percentage 
renewable

Recruiting & Managing a Global, Diverse  
& Skilled Workforce

330a.3

Percentage of gender and racial/
ethnic group representation for 
management, technical staff, and all 
other employees

N/A: Not applicable to Intuit’s operations.

SASB Industry Standard: 
Consumer Finance

Topic/code

Description

Selling Practices

270a.1

Percentage of total remuneration 
for covered employees that is 
variable and linked to the amount  
of products and services sold

49

53

Page

44

At Intuit, everything we do starts with the fundamental belief that everyone deserves the opportunity to prosper.

Serving millions of customers worldwide with TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma, Intuit never stops working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible.

That means helping put more money in their pockets, eliminating work and drudgery so they can focus on their lives and what matters to them, and ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make.

With 13,500 employees as of July 31, 2021, and approximately 100 million customers worldwide, delivering on our mission extends beyond our products.

Corporate responsibility (CR) has been part of our DNA since our early days, when we declared We Care and Give Back as one of our core values.

From day one, we have been committed to finding opportunities to use our expertise and scale to invest in people and help solve the challenges they face because when people thrive, their communities thrive.

We measure success by focusing on positively impacting our employees, customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders.

One of our core company goals is to make a difference in the communities we serve, reflecting our unwavering commitment to helping people prosper today and in the future.

Our corporate responsibility approach is aligned to: 1) Intuit’s mission to Power Prosperity Around the World, 2) our company values, and 3) supporting our True North Goals, Big Bets and Bold Goals (see page 42 for more detail).

Our acquisition of Credit Karma has accelerated our mission and impact on customers, and although its data will not be reflected in our fiscal year (FY) 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, its contributions will have a lasting impact on the communities around us.

We remain committed to making sustainable impact at scale through initiatives across the organization.

In addition to a fundamental commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), we focus on three key areas against which we are uniquely positioned to deliver: job creation, job readiness and having a positive impact on climate.

Much of this work is concentrated in underserved communities globally, communities defined by low income metrics , to impact people who can benefit most.

Our updated, Intuit wide FY 2024 goals, as defined in this report, are designed to challenge all of us at Intuit to make progress in these areas and hold ourselves accountable through regularly reporting to our stakeholders.

Communities defined by their zip code or county (or international equiv alent) that meet various low income indicators including the Distressed Community Index, percent of students receiving free and reduced lunch, low income status as defined by the U.S. Census, etc.

Unless otherwise stated, this report relates to Intuit’s fiscal year ending July 31, 2021 and all data (other than consolidated financial statement, customer and total employee data), and the term Intuit wide, excludes Credit Karma, which Intuit acquired in December 2020.

All references to dollars are United States (U.S.) dollars.

Intuit, QuickBooks, TurboTax, Mint and Credit Karma, among others, are registered trademarks and or registered service marks of Intuit Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the U.S. and other countries.

Other parties’ marks are the property of their respective owners.

Stated goals for FY 2024 are not inclusive of Credit Karma employee data or additional impact data.

This report is structured to provide highlights from FY 2021, supported by GRI and SASB for IT and Software Services and Consumer Finance sector indices disclosures starting on page 40.

Communities defined by their ZIP code or county (or international equivalent) that meet various low income indicators including the Distressed Community Index, percent of students receiving free and reduced lunch, low income status as defined by the U.S. Census, etc.

We support the United Nations’ (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

We are committed to taking global action and working collaboratively with nonprofits, non governmental organizations (NGOs) and others in the private sector to address the SDGs that focus on protecting the planet, education and equality for all.

We are excited to face the challenges of our time and play our part in building a better future.

This past year was one of both challenges and opp ortunities.

Around the world, people were forced to face daunting challenges to their physical and mental health, their economic well being, and deep rooted societal inequities.

At the same time, we’ve all been part of shaping a new path that highlights our collective capacity for resilience and innovation when faced with adversity and that gives me great hope for the future.

At Intuit, the challenges of the past year have served as a powerful call to action to reaffirm and reimag ine our enduring commitment to making a positive impact on the world around us.

I believe we now have an opportunity to build a new and better normal, both inside and outside the company, for our employees, customers, communities and shareholders.

We are embracing this opportunity and come to work every day passionate about finding new ways to power prosperity, especially for those who need it most.

That work starts with our platform and products, TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma, putting technology on the side of customers to empower them to overcome their most important financial challenges.

We are proud of the speed we were able to move at to deliver new innovations to help our customers this year when they needed us the most.

We were also excited to add Credit Karma to the Intuit family.

Like Intuit, Credit Karma is a mission based company fueled by a values driven culture dedicated to creating an inclusive workplace for its employees.

Intuit 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Letter from our CEO pockets and helping them access the financial expertise and advice they need to make better decisions about their money.

While we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to solve customer problems, we also know that the work of powering prosperity goes beyond our products.

To truly deliver on our mission of powering prosperity, we must also look for other ways to live our values and help the communities around us overcome the challenges they face.

We must make investments of both our time and resources to meet the challenges of today as well as setting up these communities for future success.

We believe this work starts with a fundamental commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI).

Diversity is a fact, but inclusion and equity are choic es we make and we believe choosing to embrace and embed DEI into how we operate is critical to driving innovation and growth in the future.

This year we revised our approach to advancing DEI, inside and outside of the company, and publicly detailed how we will hold ourselves accountable.

I am proud of the progress we made as we continue to drive systemic and durable change to help build a more equitable and inclusive world.

This report highlights how our mission of powering prosperity inspires our corporate responsibility efforts.

In addition to our commitment to DEI, we have declared three key priorities: job creation, job readiness and having a positive impact on climate.

We also continue to champion public policies that create more equitable and inclusive economies and empower consumers and small businesses.

As you will see, corporate responsibility is embedded throughout Intuit as an essential part of our unwav ering commitment to our employees, customers, communities and shareholders.

We are proud of the work described in this report.

The challenges will continue and real progress will take time.

Yet I remain optimistic of what we can accom plish together.

We look forward to sharing more information as we continue to hold ourselves, and others, accountable.

Guided by our mission to power prosperity, and our values, we are excited to face the challenges of our time and play our part in building a better future.

Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) is foundational to our culture and explicit in our values as we create an environment where employees can do the best work of their lives.

Our value of Stronger Together emphasizes the importance of diverse voices to deliver awesome results for our customers and fulfill our mission of powering prosperity for all.

Diverse perspectives, backgrounds and opinions help us grow and innovate, making DEI critical to the success of our business.

Diverse companies have nearly 20 percent higher revenue coming from innovation, are 45 percent more likely to improve their market share and are 70 percent more likely to capture a new market.

The more diverse we are, the better we can reflect our approximately 100 million customers, build empathy and create products and services that solve their unique problems.

From employee representation, to ensuring our products are fair and inclusive, to our impact on the communities around us, DEI is a business imperative and fundamental to our corporate responsibility strategy.

We have invested in programs and initiatives to foster DEI within our company.

We declared True North Goals related to employee representation focused on increasing the percentage of women in technology roles as well as the percentage of our total workforce composed of underrepresented minorities.

We set a goal to increase representation of women in technology roles at Intuit to 37 percent globally by FY 2024.

We also set a goal to increase representation of underrepresented minorities, those who identify as Black African American, Hispanic Latinx and Native American, Native Alaskan and Native Hawaiian, to 18 percent of our U.S. based workforce by FY 2024.

Tackling deep rooted, systemic challenges in our society has to occur within companies’ own walls.

Diversity, equity and inclusion must be embedded in the company and addressed as a high priority business imperative.

Real progress will not happen if it is just a mindset or a grassroots effort.

Over the last year, DEI has become even more important given the extraordinary challenges we’ve been facing, from public displays of systemic racism to the inequalities exacerbated by the global pandemic.

While DEI has been a fundamental piece of our business since our founding, these current events have accelerated our efforts to ensure we’re delivering on our commitment to diversity.

We’ve established new leadership roles and resources, created new listening forums and invested in building new capabilities all in service of supporting our employees, customers and communities.

In January 2021, we appointed Sheldon Cummings, a commercial executive at Intuit, to the role of Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer (CDEIO).

For the first time, we incorporated equity as an explicit priority for our DEI work and restructured the DEI team to include cross functional expertise that better reflects the work ahead.

On our Board of Directors, we increased gender and ethnic diversity, as well as broadened the expertise, with the addition of Tekedra Mawakana, Co CEO of Waymo and a recognized leader in public policy related to commerce and advanced applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning.

We also evolved our Racial Equity Advancement Leadership (REAL) Team, which was created in 2020 to understand the nuance of the Black employee experience and provide meaningful counsel to our DEI strategy.

We then expanded the team to include Hispanic Latinx, Native American, Native Alaskan, Native Hawaiian and Asian employees to ensure the voices of underrepresented employees across the company are heard.

The team will continue to influence our DEI direction and efforts going forward and inspire accretive change.

We introduced the first company wide DEI survey to build a baseline understanding of our employee experience.

The responses reflected how our employees identify themselves, shed light on the employee experience across different demographics, and identified the company’s strengths and areas of opportunity.

Intuit’s Pride Network and CDEIO, in partnership with The GenderCool Project, hosted its second Transgender Summit on Transgender Day of Visibility, attended by more than 500 employees, partners and external audiences.

The summit fostered allyship and a sense of belonging for those who identify as transgender or non binary, parents of transgender and non binary children and their family members.

In the midst of increased violence against Asian Americans, Intuit’s CDEIO hosted a fireside chat attended by 210 members of the Asia Pacific Network employee resource group (ERG) and broader Intuit community to share their experiences and build community.

The DEI team also hosted subsequent Anti Asian Racism Empathy Sessions to support teams by building empathy and visibility among allies and peers, as well as provide resources for employees in crisis.

We kept our employees informed on our progress and learnings through key touch points including the first DEI Town Hall, hosted by CEO, Sasan Goodarzi Chief People Places Officer, Laura Fennell and CDEIO, Sheldon Cummings.

The Town Hall was attended live by more than 3,600 employees globally and attracted more than 1,200 visits to our DEI resource pages.

We also invested in building manager capability to help them engage with their employees on these important topics.

Through training, online resources and tools, managers are learning how to create space for difficult and meaningful conversations that foster a diverse and inclusive environment.

It was the most emotional conversation I will have at work in a year, and you the DEI team do it regularly to create the spaces for teams to explore and feel.

I am thrilled I get to work for a company that prioritizes these conversations and emphasizes the importance of being an ally.

Our comprehensive and company wide DEI strategy strongly aligns with our True North Goals by focusing on three key stakeholder groups: employees, customers and communities.

We all have a role to play in creating a more equitable and inclusive world, and look forward to building on the momentum we created in FY 2021 with our stakeholders at the center.

Representation is a key step in creating an inclusive and equitable environment where all employees can do the best work of their lives.

While we have made progress in improving representation in our workforce, we must do more.

Without represen tation, we cannot deliver for customers and achieve our mission.

In FY 2021, we met our goal for the representation of women in technology, reaching 30 percent of our technology organization.

We saw positive momentum in our strategy, but trailed slightly behind our target of 13 percent represen tation of underrepresented minorities in our U.S. workforce.

We are proud of the continued progress we made in increasing the representation of women in technology roles at Intuit by two percentage points in FY 2021.

This is due in large part to the supportive structure we’ve cultivated through Tech Women Intuit.

It is a strategic initiative that offers women in technology programs to support their success throughout their career lifecycle, from just starting out to excelling in their craft.

Intuit Again is our returnship program for technologists in India and the U.S. who took an extended leave from the workforce for caregiving purposes and return with a supportive on ramp.

To date, Intuit Again has reached more than 80 individuals with a global conversion rate to full time roles of 68 percent, which in turn have an average retention rate of 82 percent.

We provide growth and development opportunities through mentorship and coaching internally as well as through partnerships with external organizations, including AnitaB.org, which seeks to support women in technical fields.

We partner with Girls Who Code through a summer program to increase the number of girls interested in technology at an early age, ensuring female representation continues to grow within the industry.

Intuit launched a six month software development apprenticeship program, the Apprenticeship Pathway Program.

In partnership with AnitaB.org and Treehouse, an online coding learning platform, the program increases the representation of historically excluded individuals in technology.

The pilot cohort of 11 apprentices new to software development was comprised of women, 82 percent of whom identify as members of an underrepresented minority group.

In June 2021, 100 percent of apprentices passed the three month coursework phase of the program.

They then trained alongside Intuit technologists where, in addition to working on critical company programs, they were supported and mentored by a team of technologists, leaders and peers.

Upon program completion, participants were evaluated for conversion to full time roles at Intuit.

Intuit is leading by example and is at the forefront of driving real change across the tech industry today.

Through the apprenticeship program that we established in partnership with both Intuit and Treehouse, we are working to increase representation of historically excluded individuals in tech.

Together, we are doing the hard work and going the extra mile to get to know candidates by providing them with the tools and support that they need to succeed.

I’m developing the technical skills and capabilities to be a full stack developer, including new programming languages: Javascript, Typescript and React.

I’ve also gained experience program solving with my team, collaborating with other teams, and, with mentorship and coaching, I feel supported and able to be successful as I make this career transition.

Millions of women left the workforce due to the pandemic over the last year.

To attract and retain more women, we invested in initiatives that have resulted in greater representation of women overall at Intuit, within our Technology organization and at the leadership level.

Representation metrics are not inclusive of Credit Karma employees.

While we dedicated resources to increase representation of underrepresented minorities at all levels, we acknowledge that we did not meet our annual target and have more work to do.

In partnership with the REAL Team, our Talent Acquisition Team, people managers and with input from our 13 ERGs, we are reexamining our hiring, retention, promotion and pay policies and practices to continue to attract talent from these underrepresented minority groups and foster more positive employee experiences once they are part of the Intuit family.

The company added racial equity training to our existing diversity training and engaged more than 600 senior leaders and employees in key cross functional organizations in the first year.

We plan to roll out the training company wide in the first half of FY 2022.

Intuit’s African Ancestry Network hosted a four part Black Resilience.

Workshop Series that covered topics such as common language for racial equity, structures of privilege, anti Blackness at work, building skills for resiliency, and strategies for managing up and owning the performance review process.

Each session was attended by nearly 60 Black employees across the U.S., Canada and the U.K.

Juneteenth was observed as a company holiday for the first time in 2020 and was added to our list of annual company holidays in 2021.

We built an Anti Racism Employee Resource Center to drive awareness and allyship around anti racist principles, which will be updated periodically to help guide all employees in their racial equity journey.

Our teams have conducted more than 60 stay interviews with 20 percent of our Black employees to understand what keeps our employees engaged, feeling supported in their roles and thriving in their careers.

The Black Resilience Workshop Series really provided a safe space for Black employees to be vulnerable and process some of our experiences.

We supported managers by creating a guide to having difficult, yet important, conversations about topics like race in the workplace.

The evolved DEI strategy encompasses engage ment across the organization, while remaining diligent to meet our True North Goals for women in technology and underrepresented minorities.

This year, we introduced an approach with three levers to make durable progress.

To make meaningful strides in representation, we’re widening the aperture for recruiting to ensure we’re employing diverse talent across every level of the organization.

We’ve expanded our external talent acquisition network to include more than 40 universities and student organizations, key annual conferences, partner associations and more to gain access to top underrepresented minority talent for all functions and levels of roles.

We are also looking closely at our interview process to increase the diversity of our hiring panels and the use of written rubrics to ensure a fair and consistent experience for candidates.

We’re engaging employees throughout the company to listen, learn and build capabilities that will enhance the employee experience and create an inclusive working environment.

While our Belonging score exceeds industry standards, we are focused on continuous improvement and have identified areas of opportunity through our DEI survey, including creating more opportunities for employees to freely speak their minds.

This year, we created safe spaces and forums to foster discussion and build empathy, in addition to training our leaders on building a safe environment and equipping employees and managers with tools to use day to day.

We have a team dedicated to ensuring all of our employees have an equal opportunity to thrive in their careers.

From looking at the performance and pay data across employee groups and levels, to sponsoring underrepresented talent and offering specialized training, we invest in creating equitable opportunities.

Without a sustained focus on pay equity, women and underrepresented groups in our society would have to play catch up on income and the gap would widen.

We perform an ongoing pay equity analysis, conducted twice a year by an independent outside company.

Specifically, we review all job codes in which we have a sufficient number of employees for analysis, and those employees have the same or similar job duties and compensation mix.

We compare base pay by gender and ethnicity, while factoring in location and time spent in the role, and make adjustments when there are unexplained statistical differences.

As of August 1, 2021, none of those job codes had statistically significant differences between employees of different gender or ethnicity.

For more information, please see page 53 for details.

Nearly 25 percent of Intuit’s employees globally participate in ERGs to drive high impact programs, contribute to our DEI strategy and create an inclusive culture.

These ERGs create community among those who identify as a specific demographic and or their allies.

They play an important role in building awareness of cultural diversity, identifying unconscious biases and initiating important conversations to drive meaningful change.

Our ERGs played a leading role in creating key opportunities to cultivate an inclusive environment.

From hosting the Asia Pacific Network fireside chat and the second annual Trans Summit, to participating in recruiting efforts and the interview process while encouraging continued dialogue among managers and colleagues, these groups are critical to our strategy.

This year, employees also launched the 13th ERG, the Indigenous Peoples Network, to create a space for community among Indigenous employees and allies.

The network has more than 100 inaugural members and continues to grow.

With a strong commitment to ensuring our products are fair and inclusive, employees across Intuit are working together to create equity across the company.

This spans from our products and services to our marketing and communications activities, where we’ve created principles to ensure the diversity of our content reflects our unique customers.

Over the past year, Intuit’s Accessibility and Inclusive Design team transformed how we build products, support customers and develop an inclusive workplace.

Intuit’s Accessibility Champion program, which builds accessibility knowledge and disability etiquette capabilities within a cross functional group of volunteer employees, grew to include more than 1,000 champions and 24 product leaders.

They continued the important work of embedding accessibility into our design requirements and code reviews, driving more than 550 product improvements in FY 2021.

These champions also shared their knowledge externally, teaching workshops, providing expertise at events and volunteering with nearly 40 organizations to give back to communities with their accessibility knowledge.

Prompted by the need to ensure our products do not include or perpetuate societal bias, Intuit’s Content Systems Team, cross functional content design teams and members of our REAL Team came together to develop a set of anti discriminatory and anti racist language guidelines and principles to apply across our platform.

The team worked to identify, eliminate and replace widely used words and terms used internally and externally that have the ability to inflict harm.

By driving adoption and inspiring engineering and product leaders to prioritize language updates, nearly 800 product and content changes have been made to date.

These changes include renaming the QuickBooks Live customer setup feature from white glove to the more accurate and inclusive alternative, expert setup, and updating instances of master admin to primary admin across QuickBooks Online.

To advocate for further, systemic change, the team created a public content webpage to outline the steps our content teams are taking today for others to adopt.

Diversity, equity and inclusion is a part of our DNA, and we will work to make sure we’re able to eliminate racist language wherever it exists in our ecosystem.

Beyond our employees and customers, we have a responsibility to advocate for inclusive communities to truly power prosperity for all regardless of gender, race, religion or other characteristics.

We’re committed to using our voice and resources as a company to support the social issues that are aligned with our values, as well as areas where we can positively impact the lives of our employees.

Intuit became a founding corporate partner of the Congressional Award Foundation’s (CAF) Diversity Inclusion Initiative, resulting in an online Financial Literacy Program to support promoting financial health for students of diverse economic and social backgrounds.

The program helps young people take ownership of their financial futures through education, real life applications and giving back to their community by volunteering.

The online program launched with a webinar with more than 900 student attendees and featured speakers from Congress, the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and Intuit.

We took a stand on multiple societal issues in FY 2021, including signing the Business Statement Opposing Anti LGBTQ State Legislation and contributing to Stop AAPI Hate in response to increased violence against Asian Americans.

Additionally, our CEO joined more than 90 CEOs to sign a letter in support for finding a path to citizenship for Dreamers as part of the Coalition for the American Dream.

There are many important steps we’ve taken this year to identify and address inequities that can impact our employees, customers and communities.

We recognize that lasting change comes through long term commitment and consistency.

We are committed to building on the progress to date by leaning into our values and powering prosperity for all.

I have been so impressed by the Intuit team, and I believe the Financial Literacy Program is meaningful and works to address our goal of social and economic mobility for students in underserved communities.

The ability to co create a significant curriculum that is measurable and attainable for these students has been so rewarding.

Today, the customers and communities we serve face a myriad of challenges.

In communities all across the world, people worry about the financial challenges they face and what it means for them, their families and the people that depend on them.

These challenges have only been exacerbated by a global pandemic that has fundamentally shifted the way we work and live.

The challenges are clear and the time to act is now.

That’s why Intuit is committed to taking action to make a difference today.

We are actively utilizing our products, services, unique expertise and scale to have a positive impact on our employees, customers and communities today.

Intuit prioritized protecting our employees and extended workforce and slowing the spread of COVID 19 as the virus continued to impact the world.

With continued remote working, Intuit added a number of temporary benefits to ease this transition and create a safe and inclusive working environment beginning in March 2020.

After our initial response outlined in the FY 2020 report, and as it became clear this new way of working would last longer than expected, we continued to reevaluate our benefits to ensure employees and our extended workforce received the support they needed.

We refreshed our time off policy to grant employees a full two weeks of supplemental sick days, through December 2021.

We introduced the first Recharge Days, pausing work and giving employees paid time off for an extended time in November and December 2020 and July 2021.

This coordinated, company wide time off allowed employees to unplug from work, rest and recharge.

Throughout the year, we expanded resources to support employee mental well being, including monthly newsletters, mindfulness tools, trainings and webinars, and guidance on creating flexible work schedules.

We also supported their ability to do their best work from their homes by providing equipment and home office supplies.

In addition, we assisted our extended workforce, including our janitorial staff, cafe workers, bus drivers, security guards and more, through continued pay to our partners throughout the course of the pandemic.

I want to express how enormously grateful I am for Intuit’s continued recognition of the ongoing challenges of COVID’s impact.

The Recharge Days are such an amazing expression of how deeply you care about employees.

At each of our offices globally, Intuit offered flexibility and timely support throughout the year.

However, the resurgence of COVID 19 in India in Spring 2021 required an intentional and innovative response to further support employees experiencing unprecedented challenges.

As many of our employees and their dependents did not have access to vaccines, we partnered with Columbia Asia Hospital and Parkmed Clinic to open a vaccination center at our office in Bangalore, India.

In addition to covering vaccines for our employees and their dependents, Intuit extended vaccine access to interns located in Bangalore, as well as front line essential workers and contingent workers employed by our service partners.

Employees and their dependents who were already vaccinated or unable to participate in the sponsored event received reimbursement for vaccine costs.

We also made a donation to GiveIndia, a nonprofit organization helping non government healthcare organizations to create COVID care centers, fill gaps in oxygen supply and provide personal protective equipment to health workers.

We offered a 2:1 match for any employee donations to GiveIndia and Happiness Kit.

As COVID 19 continues to be a global health issue, we are dedicated to providing support to all of our employees in the months ahead.

One of the biggest challenges facing our millions of customers around the globe is having confidence in the financial decisions they make.

Intuit is solving this problem with our worldwide network of experts who provide one on one support for customers and help them make decisions with complete confidence.

This growing network of remote experts and support teams, employed both by Intuit and trusted partners, is a key way we deliver on our mission of powering prosperity while also creating new career possibilities in underserved communities.

As we continued to grow this network in FY 2021, we leaned into the historic success we found in a remote model where talent could live and work from their homes or whatever location best fit their unique needs and circumstances.

We ramped up our efforts to build a dispersed expert network and invested 32 million in labor income to create remote jobs in underserved communities.

The evolution to reach more individuals in underserved communities through these jobs was inspired by the successful career development programs at our Prosperity Hubs, communities suffering from economic disparity where we have created a concentrated number of jobs and economic impact across eight sites (see page 29).

Our expert network is expansive, and within the network we’ve created 4,260 seasonal and year round remote jobs that touch more than 900 underserved communities globally.

These roles contribute to our overall FY 2024 goal of creating jobs for 10,000 individuals in underserved communities, including those located in Prosperity Hub communities.

Since the founding of the company, we’ve always put customers at the center of everything we do.

They’re trying to make ends meet, get out of debt and save money.

We’re working to develop innovative solutions to help our customers meet these challenges, as well as respond to unexpected hardship and address inequalities.

The pandemic triggered an economic shock that destabilized consumers and small businesses around the world, creating an urgent situation for many.

We acted with speed and urgency to develop Intuit Aid Assist in FY 2020 and continued to update and evolve the tool throughout FY 2021.

Built using our platform technology and artificial intelligence (AI), this innovative, free tool allowed anyone in the U.S. to cut through the maze of requirements and quickly understand their eligibility for federal small business funding.

In Canada, we launched the Intuit Prosperity Accelerator program, in partnership with Highline Beta, to support startups focused on solving the financial challenges facing Canadian consumers and small businesses.

The six month program paired eight participating startups with Intuit Innovation Catalysts, dedicated coaches and experts in Intuit’s design thinking process, Design for Delight, to execute focused pilots.

The program helped the companies better understand their customers, enhance their product offerings and expand their reach.

Of the startups that participated in the program, 75 percent have gone on to accelerate growth by closing funding rounds and partnerships.

Following the success of the inaugural year, we launched the Intuit Prosperity Accelerator: AI to leverage the power of AI to advance prosperity across North America.

Intuit QuickBooks is a global platform of interconnected financial tools that serves as a source of truth for more than 7 million small business and self employed customers globally.

Since 2017, QuickBooks Capital has made it easier for disadvantaged small businesses in the U.S. to obtain funding by automating much of the process to access loans.

Many of the customers served by QuickBooks Capital do not qualify for a loan elsewhere.

The program’s sophisticated analysis and machine learning are able to assess a business’s health and credit worthiness in a way that gives us an advantage over the traditional processes employed by banks and other lenders.

Throughout FY 2021, refinements to the risk models enabled the company to expand eligibility to more than 1.3 million small businesses, and those who applied through QuickBooks Capital experienced a three time increase in approval rates.

Additionally, during the pandemic, eligible QuickBooks customers in the U.S. were able to apply for the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans through QuickBooks Capital.

To date, QuickBooks Capital has helped facilitate 1.5 billion in Small Business Administration approved PPP loans, helping more than 40,000 of our small business customers, and keeping thousands of employees on payroll.

I was always very shocked to see that finding money was really difficult when you were bringing money in.

Tax preparation is a critical part of our mission to serve the complete financial health of individuals and their families and power their prosperity.

We extend our commitment to financial empowerment at tax time through tools we develop pro bono for the government and through our Tax Time Allies campaign presented by the Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation.

For example, at the request of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS), we developed the non filer sign up tool to help families with the lowest income levels register for monthly Child Tax Credit payments, which began on July 15, 2021.

Developed in partnership with the IRS and delivered through the Free File Alliance, this tool provides a free and easy way for eligible individuals and families who don’t meet the tax filing threshold and aren’t required to prepare a full tax return to register their essential information with the IRS.

Taxpayers are able to file a minimal return to provide the IRS the required information needed to determine and issue their Advance Child Tax Credit payments for up to 300 a month per eligible child.

This tool also allows families to register for Economic Impact Payments (commonly known as stimulus checks) and claim the Recovery Rebate Credit for any missed payments.

Also in tax year 2020, for the fourth year in a row, the Foundation’s Tax Time Allies campaign invested in Facebook posts, as well as search and web banner ads to help eligible filers find and use the IRS Free File program to prepare and file their returns at no cost.

The campaign drove 2.7 million prospects to the IRS Free File web site and helped the program grow year over year.

And, as the pandemic shuttered nonprofit community based taxpayer assistance programs for a second tax season in a row, Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation worked closely with and provided funding to Volunteer Income Tax Assistance programs (VITA) in the U.S. and Community Volunteer Income Tax Programs (CVITP) in Canada to expand and strengthen how they delivered virtual online services to the public.

Intuit employees in both countries volunteered to assist taxpayers with these online programs inspired by our We Care and Give Back value.

We have delivered nearly 100 million free tax filings over the past eight years more free tax filings than all other online tax preparation software providers combined.

Nearly 90 percent of those free tax filings were through our commercial free tax preparation offering, TurboTax Free Edition, making it the nation’s most widely used free tax preparation method.

In July 2021, we announced plans not to renew our participation in the IRS Free File program.

Free offerings will still remain an important part of the company’s tax strategy, and we can provide more financial benefits and empower Americans of all income levels to take control of their finances at a time they need it most.

Intuit is committed to supporting the communities where we work and live when faced with unexpected crises.

Environmental disasters struck communities across the U.S., resulting in uncertainty and hardship for many.

In FY 2021, we provided direct donations, as well as We Care and Give Back employee donation matching campaigns, to the American Red Cross.

Through these donations, we provided support to communities across the nation facing extreme environmental events, including wildfires across the West Coast of the U.S., the severe winter weather in Texas and dangerous flooding in Kentucky.

Economic inequality continues to rise, exacerbated by the global pandemic that shut down economies around the world and drove consumers in and out of lockdowns.

Many communities were disproportionately impacted and faced increased unemployment, food insecurity and healthcare challenges.

We launched our first Prosperity Hub in 2016, with a mission to promote economic prosperity through job creation in underserved communities.

We remained committed to supporting our employees and the employees of our Prosperity Hub partners, Alorica, Concentrix, Sitel and SYKES, who were serving Intuit customers during this unprecedented crisis.

We focused on preserving the jobs created in these communities to help foster economic stability when it was needed most.

In FY 2021, Intuit opened its eighth Prosperity Hub in Newcastle, United Kingdom (U.K.), expanding the program’s global impact.

Lawton, Oklahoma Morristown, Tennessee and Wise, Virginia in the U.S., Corner Brook, Canada and Newcastle, U.K. We partner with each Prosperity Hub to increase the economic opportunities through concentrated job creation, resulting in an economic flywheel effect as opportunities throughout the communities grow.

By the close of FY 2021, Intuit’s Prosperity Hubs created a total of 2,240 jobs across the eight communities, and we successfully preserved 100 percent of these jobs throughout the pandemic.

Intuit commissioned an economic study with Deloitte to assess the impact of the company’s investments in these communities.

The study determined that Intuit’s investments have generated large societal returns in the form of hundreds of secondary jobs and approximately 102 million of augmented local economic activity.

At the end of FY 2021, for every 1 we invested, these communities experienced as much as 2.02 in positive economic impact through increased spend on local goods and services.

This program will continue to expand through the dispersed, remote workforce as we continue to drive job growth in underserved communities around the world.

Today, the combined effort between the remote jobs in underserved communities and those created across these eight Prosperity Hubs totals 6,500 jobs, making substantial progress to create a total of 10,000 jobs by FY 2024.

We’re also looking at the additional expertise, scale and resources we can invest in these communities to accelerate prosperity and build resiliency.

From continuing to create career pathways, to offering job readiness resources in local schools and small business support organizations, to connecting community members with sustainability solutions, there are many more ways we can support the long term success of these communities.

I really feel that if it wasn’t for Intuit, all the opportunities I’ve had wouldn’t be there.

The challenges we are working to address will not be solved overnight.

Real progress will take time and a continued commitment to driving change.

Progress is a journey not a destination and we are committed to doing all in our power to support those that follow us.

That’s why we are making investments today to help build a better future for our employees, customers and the communities we serve.

Students living in underserved communities have limited access to educational programs and resources that prepare them for the job market of the future and contribute to their financial success.

Intuit is committed to leveling the playing field so that everyone has the opportunity to prosper.

We are laying the groundwork to better prepare people for the job market by bringing real world tools into classrooms to help students develop personal finance and entrepreneurial skills.

We offer direct and partner driven programs, like Design for Delight (D4D), a design thinking curriculum, personal finance simulations, entrepreneurship challenges and educator training to teach and assess the skills students need to build a successful career.

Intuit is using its unique resources and assets to prepare people for jobs through the development of critical thinking, communication, teamwork, leadership and personal finance skills.

In FY 2021, Intuit supported more than 360,000 students and educators, building on the 150,000 prepared in FY 2020 and helping us reach our goal of 3.6 million people by 2024 through our job readiness programs.

Today, 33 percent of children worldwide lack access to remote learning and 50 percent of low income students in the U.S. do not have the devices they need for distance education.

Intuit expanded its Prosperity Hub School District program in FY 2021 through the launch of our Digital Equity Initiative to address students’ unequal access to technology and resources to support remote learning during the pandemic.

The program now includes 21 school districts across nine countries with a combined enrollment of more than 1.6 million students.

Each district was selected based on two key criteria: economic need and diversity of the student body.

Nearly 80 percent of students in these districts identify as being underrepresented minorities.

Through the Digital Equity Initiative, these districts received combined donations of 1.1 million that have been used to purchase devices like laptops and hotspots, as well as hire additional teaching staff and IT management.

The grants were also used to fund programs that support underrepresented minority students like the Centre for Black Student Excellence in the Toronto District School Board.

Initial programming like the Social Entrepreneurship Challenge and Career Readiness Conference with San Diego Unified School District has led to promising results for the coming years including 74 percent of students feeling confident in using design thinking in the future.

This is humbling and has never happened to us in our careers where an international company has reached out being eager to support us and assist us.

When Intuit came around, you had so much to offer in the way of monetary support, design thinking, innovation and growing our team and bringing opportunities to our students.

Only one in 13 students in underserved schools has access to personal finance curriculum in the U.S. Of those that do have access, the curriculum often found in many of today’s schools lacks access to the latest real world, financial tools available for informed personal finance decision making.

Intuit partners with a number of finance and entrepreneurial educational organizations around the world to offer its real world tools and help them prepare students in schools across the country for the future.

Partnering with Virtual Enterprises on a year long, in classroom small business simulation program that provides entrepreneurship and personal finance education for students using real world tools like QuickBooks and our design thinking curriculum.

In FY 2021, we extended this partnership to include the full suite of our job readiness tools, including Mint and TurboTax.

Throughout the 2020 2021 school year, more than 16,000 students used these tools as part of Virtual Enterprises.

Using our design thinking curriculum, we partnered with Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) to launch the DEI Challenge.

More than 1,500 students across 18 FBLA chapters participated in the challenge and developed unique and innovative solutions to address and promote DEI in their communities using our D4D curriculum.

Our mission to power prosperity around the world includes taking care of our planet.

We’re moving toward solutions that help reverse the impact of climate change to take collective positive steps to mitigate the harm to our environment.

We reached carbon neutrality first in 2015, and in FY 2020 we hit our goal of 100 percent renewable electricity for global operations, 10 years earlier than we had planned (see page 49 for more detail).

We’ve now moved beyond minimizing harm toward maximizing our impact to be climate positive.

By surpassing carbon neutral, we’re ahead of our goals while helping others make progress.

We’re working outside of our own operational footprint and using our scale and resources to empower our employees, customers and communities to join us in our commitment.

In FY 2020, we made a decade long goal to reduce global carbon emissions by 2 million metric tonnes (MT) by 2030.

This is 50 times greater than our 2018 operational footprint and equal to removing 430,000 cars off the road for one year.

In just one year, we’ve exceeded our goal of 80,000 MT and removed an additional 105,000 MT of carbon from the atmosphere, above and beyond our operational footprint, by engaging our key stakeholders: employees, customers and communities.

Last year, Intuit ensured our employees were able to take advantage of climate positive programs, adding sustainability related expenses, including purchases like e bikes, solar panels and more to its annual Well Being for Life Program, providing reimbursements up to 1,000 for all related expenses.

In July 2021, Intuit introduced a partner, YellowTin, to help U.S. based employees take the next step on their sustainability journey.

YellowTin, a national CleanTech company, educates and empowers homeowners and renters to make informed decisions about switching to more cost effective, electricity based solutions.

Intuit employees can now calculate their at home carbon footprint and receive recommended solutions to reduce it, ranging from purchasing an e bike for their commute to installing solar panels to supply their home electricity.

In FY 2022, this benefit will increase to 1,300 for all employees to further invest in their well being, in a manner that suits them best.

Small businesses traditionally do not have the resources to invest in climate positive business solutions, but know they are critical for a sustainable future.

According to a 2020 Carbon Trust survey, 68 percent of small and medium sized enterprises do not have a policy for improving energy efficiency and cite a lack of time and money as a key barrier.

As one of the leading companies for small business accounting, we’re helping to connect our customer base and network to solutions they want, but don’t have easy access to.

As our first step to providing climate solutions directly to our customers, Intuit partnered with Octopus Energy, the U.K.’s largest supplier of renewable energy, to help U.K. QuickBooks customers easily transition to clean energy for their businesses with solar, wind and water energy options.

This partnership also extends to our U.K. employees to power their homes with sustainable energy.

At the close of FY 2021, we committed to helping 30,000 small businesses in the UK make a commitment to take climate action ahead of the November 2021 COP26 global conference on climate.

Aligned with the U.K. government’s TogetherForOurPlanet initiative, the SME Climate Hub and the United Nations Race to Zero campaign, we will leverage our platform to help our small business customers and non customers make a measurable, positive impact on the environment, starting with a commitment to carbon reduction.

Intuit is identifying and serving as a catalyst for scalable climate solutions worldwide that can make accelerated progress toward reducing global carbon emissions.

Through our partnership with global education nonprofit Enactus, students around the world have been participating in the Race for Climate Action by solving problems in their local communities to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and create a positive social impact.

Approximately 3,000 students representing 23 countries developed climate projects to help their communities build resilience against climate change.

Our D4D training is being used to ensure their climate solutions are built with empathy for the communities they serve.

We’ve trained more than 150 students, and today, members of Intuit’s sustainability team are serving as mentors to the five finalist groups.

The 175 projects submitted to the Race in Fall 2020 have reduced global carbon emissions by a total of 25,000 MT as of July 2021.

Together, these projects also resulted in the creation of more than 1,350 new jobs and 159 new small businesses in communities worldwide.

This year, Intuit became a founding member of Project Drawdown’s Drawdown Labs, a private sector testing ground for scaling bold climate solutions quickly, safely and equitably.

Together with a dozen companies, we’re working to move beyond having a net zero impact to scale climate solutions that support both reduction within and outside of our own operational footprints, including working groups focused on topics like customer engagement in climate action.

In May 2021, Intuit partnered with Tradewater, an international organization working to destroy refrigerants that have a large impact on the environment, to launch the Catalytic Coalition, bringing together leading companies to build a strategy to reduce their use of refrigerants within their portfolios of buildings.

This coalition’s goal is to collect and destroy GHGs, permanently preventing their release into the atmosphere.

At scale, the program can help offset carbon emissions for smaller businesses seeking to mitigate and reduce their emissions.

The training process, Design for Delight , was all about creating solutions to problems, which taught us we should observe what is going on around us and how the problem was designed.

Everything is made by man, so it can always be converted into something better.

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

While many of the disclosures are in alignment with this framework at the Core level, this is a GRI referenced report.

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) is dedicated to improving the effectiveness and comparability of corporate disclosure on environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors.

The disclosures to follow reference the SASB Standards for the Consumer Finance as well as Software IT Services sectors, and can be found in conjunction with the related GRI disclosures throughout this report.

Intuit reports against the GRI framework because it focuses on topics and issues that are material to our business and key stakeholders.

We are also seeing increased demand from shareholders to report on how we are addressing various ESG risks, impacts and opportunities.

We responded by choosing to report against SASB, a framework designed by the investment community to provide investors and analysts with access to critical ESG information that informs investment decisions.

Intuit is a global financial platform company with products including TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint, and Credit Karma, designed to empower consumers, the self employed and small businesses overcome their most important financial challenges.

Intuit’s platform and products help customers get more money with the least amount of work, while giving them complete confidence in every financial decision they make.

The company’s innovative ecosystem of financial management solutions serves approximately 100 million customers worldwide.

Please visit the Intuit website for the latest news and in depth information about the company and its brands and find Intuit on social.

Primary brands, products and services: QuickBooks, TurboTax, ProConnect, Mint and Credit Karma.

You may see all of Intuit’s facility locations on the company website.

Founded in 1983, Intuit is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker INTU and its headquarters is in Mountain View, California.

As of 07 31 2021, Intuit had approximately 13,500 employees in major offices in the United States, Canada, India, the United Kingdom, Israel and Australia.

Growth 200M customers, accelerating revenue growth.

We are a purpose driven company and our values define who we are as a company.

They are our true north and the reason why we show up to work every single day to do incredible things for our customers.

Integrity Without Compromise: We speak the truth and assume best intent.

We value trust above all else and we do the right thing, even when no one is looking.

Courage: We are bold and fearless in how we think and act.

Customer Obsession: We fall in love with our customers’ problems.

We deliver unrivaled customer benefits to power their prosperity.

We sweat every detail of the experience to deliver excellence.

Stronger Together: We champion diversity, inclusion, and a respectful environment.

We thrive on diverse voices to challenge and inform decisions.

We deliver exceptional results so others can count on us.

We Care and Give Back: We are stewards of the future.

We strive to give everyone the opportunity to prosper.

Intuit employees are expected to act with integrity, follow the law and Intuit’s policies, ask for help, and report concerns.

Everyone at Intuit is also expected to use good judgment and be open, honest and transparent in all they do for the company.

Intuit has a Code of Conduct Ethics, applicable to all employees.

In addition, Intuit has a separate Code of Ethics that applies to all of its Board of Directors (Board) members.

The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board has oversight responsibility for Intuit’s ethics and compliance programs, including the Code of Conduct Ethics and the Board Code of Ethics.

Intuit’s General Counsel has operational responsibility for the ethics and compliance programs, which, for example, require Intuit’s workforce to take regular ethics training.

Intuit’s workforce has many channels to receive ethics advice or report ethics concerns, including a 24 hour hotline, operated by an independent third party, that is available to the company’s U.S. and non U.S. workforce.

Intuit’s workforce is encouraged to seek ethics advice from company leadership, human resources, and the legal, compliance and policy organization.

Intuit has a strict non retaliation policy for the reporting of ethics violations or other concerns.

Intuit also expects its business partners, suppliers, contractors and agents to abide by similar values and standards and to act with integrity and in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

You can learn more about Intuit’s Supplier Responsibility here.

Intuit strives for excellence in its governance practices.

Intuit’s Board of Directors believes that a diverse and experienced Board is critical for reaching sound decisions that drive shareholder value.

Intuit’s Board is composed of 12 members of varying tenures, ages, genders, racial ethnic backgrounds and professional experiences.

The company is proud of its balanced and diverse Board composition, its ability to recruit new Board members, its robust annual Board and committee self evaluation process, the transparency of its financial performance and strategy, and the two way dialogue Intuit works to maintain with its shareholders.

A majority of Intuit’s Board, and all members of the standing committees, are independent.

The key practices and procedures of Intuit’s Board of Directors are outlined in the company’s Corporate Governance Principles and members of Intuit’s Board operate under Intuit’s Board Code of Ethics, both of which are reviewed annually by the Board and are publicly available.

See Board Oversight of Risk on page 11 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

Additionally, committee charters and members are noted here.

Corporate Responsibility is led by Lara Balazs, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, Strategic Partner Group.

Ms. Balazs reports directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer, Sasan Goodarzi.

As set forth in its charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board has oversight of and reviews Intuit’s practices relating to corporate responsibility, including environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

This committee discusses with management periodic reports on Intuit’s progress on ESG related matters and related communications with investors and other stakeholders.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board, under its charter, has oversight of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives in support of organizational development.

Also see Board Oversight of Risk beginning on page 11 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

See Stockholder Engagement Process on page 19 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

See Board Highlights on pages 5 6 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20 for the Board composition and Our Board Nominees on pages 23 29 of the Proxy Statement for Board biographies that include the number of each director’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments.

See Board Leadership Structure on pages 12 13 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

See Qualifications of Directors on page 14 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

See Transactions with Related Persons on page 22 and Director Independence on page 14 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

As of 07 31 21, no natural person owns more than 5%, and no institutional shareholder owns more than 10%.

See The Board’s Role on pages 11 12 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee receives updates on diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) at least annually.

The Nominating and Governance Committee receives other ESG updates at least twice a year.

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews our ESG related disclosure practices and also, on a quarterly basis, receives updates on any significant potential conflicts of interest.

These updates are provided by the senior executives that lead the areas, including the Chief People and Places Officer, the Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, the Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager, Strategic Partner Group, who leads Corporate Responsibility, the General Counsel and the Vice President of Investor Relations.

Committee and Intuit’s external investment relations advisor also provide the Board with updates and insights around external ESG trends.

See CEO Pay Ratio on page 74 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

CEO pay ratio was 122:1 in 2020 and 114:1 in 2019.

See Board Evaluation Process on page 15 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee receives updates on DEI at least annually.

The Nominating and Governance Committee receives ESG updates at least twice a year.

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews our ESG related disclosure practices and also, on a quarterly basis, receives updates on significant potential conflicts of interest quarterly.

The Nominating and Governance Committee is informed of the Corporate Responsibility Report topics.

See Director Compensation on pages 31 35 and Compensation Discussion and Analysis on pages 38 59 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

Employees: Where the world’s top talent does the best work of their lives.

Customers: Delight customers more than rivals in what matters most.

Communities: Make a difference in the communities the company serves.

Shareholders: Drive long term growth, increasing shareholder value.

Stakeholders are part of True North, the goals Intuit uses to run the company Intuit uses True North Goals to solve for both short and long term success across Intuit’s stakeholders.

True North Goals are grounded in two principles: stewardship and stakeholders.

Stewardship is the accountability Intuit has for short and long that is, delivering the best results the company can in the current 12 month period while making decisions today that leave the company stronger for the generation that follows.

Stakeholders is our principle for being clear about who Intuit serves.

Intuit serves employees, customers, communities and shareholders, and it has a clear definition of how we engage with each of these four key stakeholders.

Employees: Intuit frequently engages with its employees and seeks their feedback.

The primary methods of engagement include monthly check ins, company wide surveys and quarterly all hands.

Customers: Intuit has a long history of engaging with its customers, both to understand their biggest needs and to measure the company’s success in addressing those needs with the products it provides.

Communities: Intuit is committed to supporting the world and the communities it serves beyond the benefits of its products.

This is a core aspect of the total company strategy and includes identifying measurable targets which allow Intuit to measure progress.

Shareholders: Intuit regularly engages with stockholders to better understand their perspectives.

During FY 2021, the company held discussions with many of its largest stockholders during scheduled events, including its 2020 Annual Investor Day and Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as well as in regularly held private meetings throughout the year.

See Exhibit 21.01 of Intuit’s Form 10 K for the year ended 7 31 21.

The Corporate Responsibility (CR) leadership team sets the strategic agenda and develops specific programs and initiatives across the company and reports periodically to senior management about progress against philanthropic and CR goals.

The CR team works across internal stakeholders and functions and connects external stakeholders with the company’s mission and purpose in ways that benefit its employees, its business and its global communities, and that we realize are important to its shareholders.

Corporate Responsibility Report and the company’s overall CR strategy.

Intuit plans to update this analysis periodically.

Intuit’s last Corporate Responsibility Report came out in October 2020.

This report has been produced using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

While many of the disclosures are in alignment with this framework at the Core level, this is a GRI referenced report.

See Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Intuit’s Form 10 K for the year ended 7 31 21.

See Intuit’s Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) report submission (2020) here.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit is a global technology platform company with products including TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma, which are designed to empower consumers, self employed individuals and small businesses to improve their financial lives.

Intuit’s platform and products help customers get more money with the least amount of work, while giving them complete confidence in their actions and decisions.

The company’s innovative ecosystem of financial management solutions serves approximately 100 million customers worldwide.

Intuit is always working to harness and apply the collective strength of its products and its people to make the world a better place, especially for those who need it most.

That is core to the company’s mission to Power Prosperity Around the World.

Intuit demonstrated this commitment in its response to COVID 19, when it moved quickly to help consumers and small businesses access and navigate pandemic related, U.S. government aid and relief programs.

Intuit Aid Assist, offering free, easy to use estimators for checking eligibility for federal relief programs, and estimating Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan forgiveness and stimulus eligibility.

Intuit TurboTax Stimulus Payment Registration, a free product designed to help millions of Americans not required to file a tax return to get their stimulus money fast.

Intuit QuickBooks Capital for Paycheck Protection Program, an easy way for small business owners, self employed individuals, and other eligible applicants to apply for a PPP loan.

Intuit’s COVID 19 response page provides more information about these innovative products, along with details about the other ways the company is helping its employees, customers, partners and communities to meet unprecedented challenges during the pandemic.

The Intuit Financial Freedom Foundation (IFFF) is Intuit’s charitable foundation dedicated to programs and public private not for profit partnerships that help bring opportunities to prosper to all, especially those with lower incomes.

IFFF was created in 2002, with a focus on making tax time an empowering and confidence, building opportunity, which continues to be the cornerstone of the foundation’s work.

Through IFFF, Intuit donates its software and resources to empower people, and the organizations and communities that serve them, to achieve better money outcomes.

Intuit has long supported the empowerment of individual taxpayers to manage their own finances, including preparing their own tax returns, so that they receive every dollar they’ve earned and deserve.

For those living with lower incomes, tax time, unlike any other point during the year, is a moment to help them improve their financial lives.

A priority of IFFF is to empower those who need it the most to prepare and file their tax returns with free Internal Revenue Service (IRS) sponsored programs, like the IRS Free File program where they can use tax preparation software donated by Intuit and other companies, and to connect to programs that help them maximize their tax refund.

In 2021, Intuit entered its 23nd consecutive tax season of donating TurboTax to lower and middle income taxpayers the last 19 of those tax seasons have been through the IRS and state Free File programs.

Free File, which is modeled after Intuit’s pioneering philanthropic efforts, gives taxpayers with the lowest Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) the option of choosing versions of online tax preparation software from multiple private companies that they can find on the IRS or State Departments of Revenue websites.

A formal agreement between industry and the IRS ensures the tax software products are vetted, completely free to eligible taxpayers and provided at no cost to the government.

In 2021, Intuit donated 5.4 million federal and state returns to lower income taxpayers through the IRS and state Free File programs.

Intuit’s support for lower income taxpayers extends through IFFF partnerships and programs.

Since 2010, IFFF has provided more than 33 million to industry trade groups, local IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) programs, community based organizations and national tax assistance associations.

Some of the 2021 initiatives with these valued partners are described below.

In addition, Intuit has built and donated the Free File Fillable Forms (FFFF) product to the Free File Alliance and IRS.

This product allows all taxpayers the opportunity to prepare and electronically file their tax returns at no cost using a forms based preparation experience.

Instead of preparing a manual tax return with paper and pencil and then mailing the forms to the IRS, FFFF enables taxpayers to efficiently enter and file their information entirely electronically.

IFFF founded and sponsors Tax Time Allies (TTA), a growing movement of public, private and nonprofit groups and organizations working to empower taxpayers to take control of their finances and save more of their hard earned money.

Allies are national, state and local organizations including VITAs, Asset Building Coalitions, and the American Library Association with a shared mission to help those who need it the most to access free, IRS sponsored taxpayer assistance programs and opportunities to invest in their financial well being.

Despite the shift in focus, week over week pledge numbers remained roughly the same as the previous year with 61% of pledges coming from existing members versus new ones, indicating a high level of engagement among members around the topic of taxes.

For the fourth year, IFFF drove a national TTA digital outreach campaign to help eligible taxpayers find and use Free File.

The campaign, which used Facebook posts, as well as search and web banner ads, resulted in nearly 126 million impressions and over 2.7 million clicks directly to the IRS Free File website.

The outreach campaign ran throughout the extended tax season, which ended on 5 17 21, instead of the traditional April 15 tax day.

Throughout the COVID 19 pandemic, IFFF worked closely with VITA programs in the United States and Community Volunteer Income Tax Programs (CVITP) in Canada to help them transition from in person taxpayer assistance to virtual taxpayer assistance.

IFFF provided training, networking and video tools to help the programs test and perfect new volunteer training methods, technology to connect volunteers and taxpayers, and protocols for serving taxpayers who had never prepared their own returns.

The lessons and resources developed in tax year 2019 enabled VITAs and CVITPs to accelerate and perfect their virtual services for the public as the pandemic continued to impact their in person services during tax year 2020.

SaverLife as an employee benefit, receiving a dollar to dollar match of up to 40 per month, plus a 20 bonus to support the goal of building 500 in emergency savings.

Alorica has reported that the program has been a key part of their culture and engagement building activities, especially for new employees.

Through these and other outreach efforts, including the use of regional media and nonprofit partnerships to build trust and awareness, SaverLife, with support from Intuit, has helped more than 11,460 households in these communities to boost their financial wellness.

Over 50% of participants were able to deposit 500 or more in their accounts, despite COVID related hardships.

Some Allies, like Intuit, create and donate software so people can confidently file their taxes on their own and receive every dollar they deserve.

Other Allies, like VITAs, drive programs that connect people with trained volunteers who prepare their tax returns for them.

And some Allies help families learn how to invest part of their tax refund so they can increase savings for financial stability.

TTA and nonprofit organization SaverLife, for example, launched the Tax Time savings initiative in 2018, with the goal of encouraging Americans to save their tax refunds and boost their financial stability.

Intuit worked with SaverLife in FY 2021 to expand a technology based savings solution to all six U.S. based Prosperity Hub communities: Bluefield, West Virginia Johnstown, Pennsylvania Wise, Virginia Hazard, Kentucky Lawton, Oklahoma and Morristown, Tennessee.

With Intuit’s support, SaverLife combined digital, traditional and grassroots advertising efforts in an eight month program to help these communities leverage well loved programs to build and expand a culture of savings.

Increasing the financial stability of call center employees is a program goal.

The regions’ largest employers, call center operators Alorica, Concentrix, Sykes and Sitel, are also Intuit business partners.

In addition to the above, Intuit donated 2.8M through the Prosperity Fund, a fund created to provide support to communities in need at critical times.

In 2020, Intuit sponsored the first ever virtual muster for Bunker Labs, a U.S. based nonprofit that supports and convenes military connected entrepreneurs and small business owners.

Finally, to execute our share repurchase plan, one of the banks we utilize is Academy Securities, an investment bank owned and operated by military veterans.

Academy leverages intensive past Military training, in depth current financial experience, geopolitical knowledge and broad networks.

See Stock Repurchase Programs in Note 11 to the financial statements in Item 8 of Form 10 K for the year ended 7 31 21.

Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy, a coalition that seeks to advance the financial literacy of K 12 youth.

In 2021, Intuit donated more than 5.4 million federal and state tax return filings to lower income taxpayers through Free File programs.

The company donated QuickBooks products to nonprofits and small business development centers in the United States and Canada and to educational institutions around the globe, valuing at 89.7M.

We Care and Give Back is one of Intuit’s longest standing values.

Our employee volunteer and giving program also called We Care Give Back, or WCGB helps Intuit deliver on its commitment to serve the communities near our locations around the world.

By supporting employees in the many ways they give generously of their time, talent and resources to the causes they care about, we are helping maximize the impact of doing good.

Supported by the Intuit Foundation for U.S. based activity, and Intuit Inc. globally, WCGB helps employees make a difference in the community through paid time off to volunteer (up to one week per year), donation matching (up to 5,000 or local currency equivalent per year), and other programmatic elements designed to encourage and fund employee led activities.

We encourage our employees to take on leadership roles as well, by offering grants for employees serving on the board of a vetted nonprofit or NGO.

During FY 2021, Intuit employees volunteered more than 20,000 hours and donated over 6.2 million to charitable organizations, including Intuit’s match.

In addition to supporting individual and team participation, Intuit hosts an annual global, signature event called Week of Service.

While we believe that it is important for employees to support the causes and nonprofits they care about year round, Week of Service is a time dedicated to helping employees everywhere get involved and connect with each other while collectively doing good in the communities where we live and work.

In FY 2021, Intuit employees came together to participate in more than 100 global, local, team and individual opportunities, supporting communities around the world.

Intuit’s signature education initiative in India is the Educating Girl Child Project.

Since 2017, this unique program has supported the education of approximately 300 girls in India.

This program aims to sponsor the education of hundreds of girls through free education, after school tutoring, career counseling and life skill lessons.

We have evolved the program from the earlier model of 1:1 (one girl per Intuit female employee), providing a greater opportunity to empower more girls to create talent, resources and skill sets amongst them to meet our long term goals.

We are proud to share that our Girl Child Program has now expanded beyond Karnataka to help students across India.

The Intuit Military and Veteran Initiative (MAVI), established in October 2019, is Intuit’s commitment to help transform the lives of military families and veterans through community, jobs and financial empowerment.

Like military families and veterans, Intuit is committed to excellence, motivated by mission and driven by a sense of purpose.

Intuit believes that veterans and military spouses provide a source of unique skills and talent and the company strives to compete for that talent, while honoring those who served.

MAVI exists to present a cohesive cross company representation of Intuit’s job opportunities and financial empowerment programs for veterans and military families.

Intuit’s mission through the MAVI program is to set a new gold standard for powering prosperity in the military community by embracing the value of and creating opportunity for those with the diverse skills and experiences developed through military service.

Intuit’s goal for the program is to create a robust and industry precedent setting military program that becomes woven into the fabric of the company.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Consistent with its operating values, Intuit has charted an ambitious path toward becoming the most environmentally sustainable company it can be.

In FY 2020, it achieved its goal of 100% renewable electricity for our global operations, ten years earlier than planned.

In addition, the company achieved carbon neutrality for its worldwide operations first in 2015, and continues to mitigate its footprint year over year and achieve carbon neutrality to date.

Based on its positive environmental impact in 2019, Intuit earned validation for its core sustainability targets from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a collaboration among CDP, World Resources Institute, the Worldwide Fund for Nature and the UN Global Compact.

The SBTi also verifies and vets each of Intuit’s targets to ensure alignment to the latest research and understanding of climate science, thus maximizing impact.

Building on that success, Intuit announced in FY 2020 a new commitment to surpassing carbon neutrality: the 50x by 30 climate positive goal.

Using its 2018 carbon footprint metric as a baseline, Intuit is committed to reducing carbon emissions by 50 times greater than its 2018 carbon footprint over the next decade.

See page 36 for more details on specific initiatives.

In 2019, Intuit was the first buyer of carbon offsets from Tradewater, an international organization that works to collect and destroy refrigerants that have a large negative impact on the environment.

Today, Intuit is providing guidance and scale to accelerate the company’s positive impact together.

The two companies partnered to launch the Catalytic Coalition in May 2021, bringing together leading companies to build a strategy to reduce their use of refrigerants within their portfolios of buildings.

This coalition’s goal is to collect and destroy greenhouse gases, permanently preventing their release into the atmosphere.

At scale, the program can help offset carbon emissions for smaller businesses seeking to mitigate and reduce their emissions.

In July, we introduced Tradewater to our Prosperity Hub in Bluefield, VA to collect refrigerants from small businesses and individuals for cash in order to properly dispose of them, reducing more than 700 metric tonnes of carbon from being released into the atmosphere.

As of April 2020, Intuit reached its goal of achieving 100% renewable electricity for its global operations.

It accomplished this 10 years earlier than its 2030 goal.

Intuit has invested in on site solar installations in Mountain View and San Diego, California, and in Tucson, Arizona.

The company’s Plano, Texas, campus purchases 100% of its electricity from an off site wind farm.

And, as of January 2017, Intuit’s global headquarters in Mountain View purchases 100% of its electricity from an off site wind farm.

Intuit also solidified its long term commitment to renewable energy by signing a 12 year commitment with Clearway Energy in November 2018.

Intuit partnered with multiple companies on an aggregated Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) to develop 419 MW of new wind generation capacity at Mesquite Star Wind Farm in Fisher County, Texas.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

COVID 19 continues to have a direct impact on Intuit’s waste diversion efforts in FY 2021.

The total amount of waste generated for the year was 1,015,842 lbs.

The company’s waste diversion rate was 83% for the year, with its fourth quarter reaching 83%.

Intuit recognizes that this improvement was not due solely to its actions as a company.

So, it is committed to continuing to drive initiatives to become zero waste.

Also, Intuit will need to rethink some of its efforts, as it recognizes that the pandemic will impact how the company uses real estate and its corporate campuses in the future due to future plans to implement a hybrid work environment.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Its employees are fueled by a passion to serve Intuit’s global customers and communities.

As a company, Intuit strives to create a culture where employees are inspired to take action and make a positive difference.

Intuit prioritized protecting our employees and extended workforce and slowing the spread of COVID 19 as the virus continued to impact the world.

After our initial response outlined in the FY 2020 report, and as it became clear this new way of working would last longer than expected, we continue to reevaluate our benefits to ensure employees and our extended workforce receive the support they need.

In service to employee learning and growth, craft skills are identified, documented and communicated across Intuit.

In FY 2021, Intuit launched a companywide effort to ensure that all craft areas have updated craft skills, and employees understand how to develop those skills through continuous learning.

Intuit also recently launched a suite of modern learning tools where employees can access thousands of internal and external courses, videos, articles, books and more all in one place on the Degreed learning platform.

This new learning tech stack makes it easier than ever for employees to grow personally and professionally.

Employees also have the opportunity to set personal development goals using the Betterworks goal setting platform.

This tool is also integrated with a leading learning platform, and enables employees to set career and skill development goals and link learning plans to them, further empowering employees to streamline their learning and development.

Tech Women Intuit, or TWI, is Intuit’s strategic global initiative to recruit, engage and develop technical women at all career stages.

TWI offers a full lineup of events and professional development programs to give prospective employees an insight into Intuit’s corporate culture, and existing employees opportunities to grow their careers.

As an example, Intuit always has a significant presence at the Grace Hopper Celebration, the world’s largest gathering of women technologists.

The company sends more than 100 employees to attend the conference annually.

Intuit had 20 presenters at the 2020 conference and more than 4,200 people visited its virtual booth during the event.

Intuit’s secret sauce for innovation is Design for Delight (D4D), which is the company’s way of looking at design thinking.

This system starts with deep customer empathy, goes broad in lots of solutions before narrowing, and uses rapid experimentation to test solutions.

To develop empathy, Intuit encourages its employees to know the company’s customers watch them, listen to them, visit their homes and workplaces so they can discover and solve important customer problems.

D4D is vital because it provides the entire company with a common framework for building great products and to be customer obsessed.

Intuit has an Innovation Catalyst community of about 400 employees driving D4D around the world, who support projects ranging from product design to social impact in underserved communities.

Across Intuit, the One Intuit Learning Community is a federated model of learning and development professionals dedicated to supporting employees with customized programs based on department and organizational learning goals, craft skills and other learning priorities and requirements.

This community works together to ensure their offerings are cutting edge and best in class, so that employees are learning the most relevant and impactful subject matter and developing their skills for their current and future career goals.

Leadership Development At Intuit, we believe that when we have strong leadership, everyone wins.

During FY 2021, we launched a new Leadership Playbook to help executives and managers understand what’s expected of them and how they can add value to their team and the company.

It outlines three pillars that guide Intuit leaders: 1) Lead with a clear vision 2) Build a high performance culture and 3) Drive winning results.

To make the Playbook actionable, we created a learning module in Degreed that unpacks the teachings and includes examples of how to demonstrate specific, value adding behaviors in day to day activities and interactions.

We also created the VP Leadership Lab, an interactive program that gives VP leaders a deep sense of ownership for and commitment to the Playbook, lets them practice the three pillars and helps them define their own teachable point of view to bring the Playbook to life.

This program is being rolled out to Directors across Intuit in FY 2022.

In addition, we have a robust executive and manager development program, along with dozens of point of need resources to support managers new and seasoned in developing their people leader skills so that they can support their team in both day to day management and long term career growth and development.

Intuit believes that timely, relevant feedback fosters trust and growth in the workplace.

Employees have monthly check ins with their managers to align their business goals, share feedback and provide direction for their professional development.

This monthly feedback mechanism enables Intuit’s employees and managers to track progress toward their goals and to grow and develop.

In addition, all employees receive annual performance and pay reviews, where they are recognized and rewarded for their contributions throughout the year.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit continues to focus on attracting and retaining a talented and diverse workforce that creates inclusion, inspiration and innovation.

Intuit continues to build a truly diverse workforce.

The company has a dedicated talent team that seeks to find a talented and diverse set of professional candidates around the world.

Intuit also partners with a wide range of external organizations that help the company to recruit new hires, develop early career talent and convert internships into full time positions within the company.

Intuit is creating a pipeline of diverse talent through partnerships with groups such as Girls Who Code, the National Center for Women Information Technology, AnitaB.org, YesWeCode, Management Leadership for Tomorrow, AfroTech, Blacks in Technology, Latinas in Tech and Techqueria, as well as with multiple institutions of higher education, such as historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic serving institutions (HSIs).

As the world recovers from the COVID 19 pandemic, there’s a greater recognition that a person’s disability is defined by the mismatch of their ability and their environment.

Elements previously considered accommodations are now routine: remote work, video conferencing, closed captioning, mental health, ergonomics, flexible work hours and readable documentation.

Over the past year, Intuit’s Accessibility and Inclusive Design team has transformed how we build products, support customers and develop an inclusive workplace.

True inclusion embraces the intersectionality of ability, race, gender, socio economic, education, sexual orientation, family and housing, and age.

Intuit Design System provides leadership for design ethics and diverse representation within product development and hiring.

Our customer research platform ensures a diverse set of customer interviews.

We developed techniques to highlight accessibility related comments within customer feedback.

Intuit’s Abilities Network has worked closely with other employee resource groups to spotlight diverse small businesses, expanded accommodations, mental health awareness and family support benefits.

Intuit believes that building a diverse team is critical, but is only one aspect of creating an inclusive culture.

As part of its ongoing effort to invest in its people, in April 2019 Intuit rolled out a workshop for leaders around Leading Inclusively, that in September 2020 was turned into an e learning module too, meant for all employees.

As of July 2021, 1,320 people managers have attended the Leading Inclusively Intuit workshop, and over 1,230 employees have completed the Leading Inclusively e learning.

In the last year we have continued to invest in managers’ capabilities, providing them with training and resources needed to foster an environment of inclusion, to empathetically engage with teams, and to create a safe space for difficult conversations.

Diversity and inclusion are core to who we are at Intuit, but we are too often silent on the racial injustice and discrimination that our Black colleagues face every day.

We must continue to improve, especially when it comes to having a greater percentage of underrepresented minorities within our employee population, in particular increasing our representation of Black employees.

We have been guided in this work by a team of employees within our African Ancestry Network called the REAL Team.

The REAL Team is helping us drive durable change as we strive toward creating racial equity and equality.

The team is helping us work toward tangible goals: expanding our traditional talent pipelines to generate a more diverse pool of candidates helping to ensure representation at all levels of the company ensuring Black representation is present as we develop new products ensuring our philanthropy work supports communities in need and investing in the education of our Black employees.

Intuit strives to create and maintain an environment where differences are valued and respected differences in experience, background and opinion.

It strives to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees and seeks to maintain a workplace free from discrimination, harassment and retaliation.

Intuit expects its partners to adhere to its standards of business conduct and safe workplaces.

In 2021 the Human Rights Campaign Foundation (HRC) named Intuit one of the Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality.

Since 2005, Intuit has earned a perfect score on the HRC Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index.

The company continues to learn from its employees about what is going well, and the areas of opportunities to continuously evolve its diversity and inclusion practices.

In 2021, Intuit was rated 8 Best Employer for Women by Forbes.

Intuit has created a dashboard that lets all Intuit employees see the company’s diversity and inclusion data (gender, ethnicity in the United States, pay equity and belonging scores), which is updated on a monthly basis.

Intuit also provides its senior leaders (Director and above) with real time diversity and inclusion data for all hires, promotions, mobility and attrition by different demographic factors (e.g., gender and ethnicity).

For information on Intuit’s Military support initiatives, see GRI 203 2.

For information on Intuit’s programs supporting Women in Tech, see GRI 404 2.

See Board Highlights and Experience and Expertise on page 5 of Intuit’s Proxy Statement filed on 11 25 20.

At Intuit, as of August 1, 2021, women in the U.S. earn on average 1.02 for every 1.00 men earn.

Minority employees (consisting of Asian, Black, Latinx and U.S. Indigenous based on governmental definitions) in the U.S. earn on average 1.03 for every 1.00 white employees earn.

Underrepresented minority employees at Intuit (consisting of Black, Latinx, U.S. Indigenous) earn on average 1.00 for every 1.00 white employees earn in the U.S.

In India, women earn on average 1.00 for every 1.00 men earn.

In all other countries, women earn on average 1.00 for every 1.00 that men earn.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

The company hires, promotes and rewards the most qualified employees no matter what protected categories they happen to fall into.

Intuit does not tolerate discrimination based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, religion or religious dress or grooming practices, age, sex, pregnancy or childbirth or breastfeeding status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, marital or registered domestic partnership or civil union status, housing status, medical condition, genetics, criminal record history or any other protected categories.

That’s true for all aspects of employment, including recruiting, hiring, promotion, demotion, transfer, termination, compensation, benefits and training.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

In FY 2021, Intuit opened its eighth Prosperity Hub in Newcastle, United Kingdom, expanding the program’s global impact with eight sites globally.

We partner with each Prosperity Hub to increase the economic opportunities through concentrated job creation, resulting in an economic flywheel effect as opportunities throughout the communities grow.

By the close of FY 2021, Intuit’s Prosperity Hubs created a total of 2,240 jobs across the eight communities and we successfully protected 100 percent of these jobs throughout the pandemic.

Intuit is committed to leveling the playing field so that everyone has the opportunity to prosper.

We are laying the groundwork to better prepare people for the job market by bringing real world tools into classrooms to help students develop personal finance and entrepreneurial skills.

In FY 2021, Intuit supported over 360,000 students and educators, building on the 150,000 prepared in FY 2020 and helping us reach our goal of 3.6 million people by 2024 through our job readiness programs.

As a result of its July 2021 global analysis, Intuit made salary adjustments across seven job codes to 172 employees.

As of August 1, 2021, after giving effect to the adjustments, none of the analyzed job codes had statistically significant differences in pay based on gender or ethnicity.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit transparently participates in the public policy process, including educating agencies and elected officials on its policy positions and their impact on consumers, small businesses and the company’s employees, and supporting candidates whose positions on public policy align with Intuit’s corporate policy interests.

Intuit is nonpartisan it participates across the political spectrum and believes the best policies that serve the public interest and common good usually represent a thoughtful balance and tend to be forged in the political center through a bipartisan, collaborative political process.

Intuit complies with federal and state laws governing political contributions and their reporting and disclosure requirements.

You can learn more about Intuit’s Political Accountability philosophy and approach here.

Intuit’s Political Accountability Policy can be accessed here.

In the U.S., Intuit’s PAC contributions are publicly disclosed to the Federal Election Commission (www.fec.gov), and state contributions are publicly disclosed on corresponding state websites all contributions are aggregated and published on the company’s website (www.intuit.com) semiannually.

See Intuit Political Contributions August 2020 January 2021 for more information.

Management Approach Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Intuit is committed to providing its customers with choices about their data.

For over 10 years, the company has adhered to a set of global data stewardship principles that not only governs how it operates, but also empowers its customers to share their data where and how they want.

This means providing transparency about when Intuit shares data with third party partners and developers, such as financial institutions, and upholding a sense of accountability to safeguard its customers’ most sensitive financial information.

Intuit designs its products and services with privacy and governance considerations.

Regardless of what Intuit builds, maintaining Integrity Without Compromise to its customers is at the core of how the company operates.

Learn more about Intuit’s Data Stewardship Principles and review the latest Privacy and Security statements on the company’s website.

A top priority for Intuit is the security of its products.

The company uses security safeguards to help protect the systems and the information customers and employees give to the company from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration.

Intuit uses technical, logical and procedural measures, such as multi factor authentication, which are designed to help detect and prevent fraud and misuse of customer information.

Intuit routinely patches its systems with security updates, and it works to protect its systems from unauthorized internal or external access using numerous commercially available computer security products, as well as internally developed security procedures and practices.

Intuit joins more than 30 global technology and security companies as a signatory to the Cybersecurity Tech Accord, a publicly shared commitment to collaborate on cybersecurity efforts.

Additionally, Intuit has been an active participant in the IRS Security Summit since its establishment in 2015.

The summit represents a unique collaboration between the tax industry, the states and the IRS to protect taxpayers and reduce fraud in the tax system.

According to the IRS, as a result of actions taken in connection with the IRS Security Summit, tax fraud due to identity theft has decreased significantly since 2015.

Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.

Explanation of the topic, how it’s managed, and mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the company’s strategy.