Environmental,  
Social, and Governance 
Report 2023

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction

03  CEO message

04  About Intuitive 

05   Our numbers 

Social Responsibility

Environmental Sustainability

Governance and Transparency

Appendices

15  Our customers 

19  Our people 

28   Climate change and carbon stewardship

34  Corporate governance

31   Climate risk and resilience

35  ESG-related management forums

23  Our community impact

        Green construction and responsible growth

37  Ethical business conduct

 Awards and recognitions 

26  Social responsibility metrics

       Reducing waste, increasing recycling

       Managing accurate and compliant promotion 

06  ESG overview 

09  Feature areas 

  10   Maturing clinical evidence  

for meaningful outcomes

  11    Understanding the complete carbon 
impact: reduction and avoidance 

  12   Driving responsible growth 

13   Surgeon spotlight

       Water efficiency

32   Environmental considerations for our products

       Environmental regulatory compliance

       Environmental sustainability metrics 

of our products

38  Information security

        Clinical evidence programs  

and standards

         Governance and transparency metrics

40   Important safety information 

41   Taskforce for Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) report

43   Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) alignment

44   Training programs and collaborations

        Intuitive Employee Resources Groups (ERGs)

        Employee benefits

        Health and safety practices

45   Global community impact programs

         Intuitive Ventures and ESG investment fund

        Sustainability features in our built 

environment

46   Employee environmental sustainability 

education and awareness

         Corporate policies, statements,  

and certificates

2

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
 
 
 
INTRODUCTION

CEO message

I am pleased to introduce Intuitive’s 2023 Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Governance and 
Transparency (ESG) Report. Last year, we focused on refining our ESG infrastructure and establishing baselines 
against which we will measure progress. This year’s report builds on that foundation, measuring our progress against 
key identified metrics.

At Intuitive, we center our efforts on creating products and services that improve patient outcomes and their 
experiences. For the past several years, we have aligned ourselves around our customers’ framework of the 
Quadruple Aim—better outcomes, better patient experiences, better care team experiences, and lower total cost 
to treat per patient episode. In 2022, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article 
proposing the addition of a fifth aim, that of equitable access to care, and renaming the goal set the Quintuple Aim. 

Our platforms and services, employed systematically by health systems, have shown positive impact on the 
Quadruple Aim. Analyzing the experiences of some of our hospital customers, we’ve seen an ability to improve equity 
of access to high-quality minimally invasive surgery and advanced diagnostics while using our ecosystem. We believe 
we can make a difference to improving access to high quality care, and we will be adopting the Quintuple Aim as 
part of Intuitive’s guiding principles in 2024.

Our team has identified three feature areas that highlight our overall ESG approach, which are profiled in this report:

·   Maturing clinical evidence for meaningful outcomes  

Clinical and economic evidence continues to be the basis for understanding the value 
and differentiated benefit of our products. Intuitive continues to apply its clinical and 
scientific expertise to help surgeons and other key stakeholders understand and utilize 
data to optimize decision making for individuals, institutions, and healthcare systems.

·   Understanding the complete carbon impact: reduction and avoidance 

Intuitive is committed to understanding and reducing our carbon footprint and that of 
our customers. We continue to work to reduce our impact by measuring and limiting 
our footprint, and by helping quantify and reduce carbon usage in healthcare delivery.  

·   Driving responsible growth 

We remain committed to growing in a manner that responsibly manages 
resources and respects the communities where we live and work.

I am excited about our progress and our efforts to pursue our core mission and ESG initiatives—positioning  
us to accomplish our goal of supporting minimally invasive care to bring benefit to patients, customers, 
healthcare systems, and communities while being responsible stewards of the environment.

Gary Guthart, PhD

Chief Executive Officer 

 CONTENTS

3

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023About Intuitive 

We believe that minimally invasive care 
is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity 
and intelligent technology, we expand 
the potential of physicians to heal 
without constraints.

 CONTENTS
 CONTENTS

4

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ABOUT INTUITIVE 

Every Intuitive number has a unique story behind it,  

representing the minimally invasive care we deliver  

together to patients around the world.

Our numbers

Every Intuitive number has a unique story behind it,  
representing the minimally invasive care we deliver  
together to patients around the world.

29

years of innovating for minimally invasive care

>14.2M

procedures performed using da Vinci®  systems  
since inception

>8.6K

da Vinci systems in hospitals on 6 continents 
and in 71 countries

>530

Ion systems in hospitals

>76K

surgeons trained on the da Vinci platform

13.79 seconds

how often a surgeon starts a procedure  
using a da Vinci system

>13.6K

mission-driven employees

>38K

scientific articles referencing Intuitive technologies*

>4.8K

patents issued†

>2.2K

patents pending†

*  Through October 2023

†   The counts prior to 2022 included 
exclusively licensed patents and 
applications. 

Awards and recognitions 

2023 Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion

2023 Winner for Best Digital App Experience  

2023 Best Employer Brand—Silver

2023 Pro Patria Award

Top 250 Best-Managed Companies of 2023

2024 Best Companies to Work for Healthcare

2024 America’s Greenest Companies 
2024 America’s Most Responsible Companies

2024 Best Places to Work

 CONTENTS

5

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ESG overview

We strive to meaningfully improve patient 
care while being responsible stewards of 
the environment, our communities, and 
our governance values.

 CONTENTS
 CONTENTS

6

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ESG OVERVIEW

ESG strategy 

Our ESG strategy advances social 
responsibility, environmental sustainability, 
and governance and transparency through 
cross-functional programs that serve our 
company, customers, and communities. 

Social Responsibility 
Creating enduring value 
for our customers, our 
employees, and the 
communities where we  
live and work.   

Environmental  
Sustainability 
Reducing our impact  
and improving 
environmental  
sustainability for  
the planet.  

Governance and 
Transparency 
Upholding our values, 
managing risk  
intelligently, and  
maintaining 
shareholder trust.

Reporting Frameworks  
Intuitive reports in alignment with the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), and  
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard core option.

This report describes Intuitive’s ESG priorities and progress for 2023 and beyond. 
Unless stated otherwise, this report discloses information and data for the 2023 
calendar year (January 1–December 31, 2023). 

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

7

ESG OVERVIEW

Materiality and stakeholder engagement 
We periodically engage a broad range of internal and external 
stakeholders to gather feedback on important and relevant ESG 
topics with the greatest impact for Intuitive. This includes gathering 
information from key leaders, investors, customers, and other 
stakeholders to inform our work and ensure we are: 

•  Aligning with our mission of patient care and the aims  

of healthcare

•  Supporting business growth

•  Positively impacting customers and communities 

We focused this past year on building a scalable ESG program 
structure, setting practical goals, and refining our ESG assessment 
mechanisms. Our ESG work is data driven, evidence based, and 
guided by where and how we can add value.  

ESG governance  
The ESG review board oversees long-term company ESG initiatives. 
The ESG review board is comprised of cross-functional senior 
leadership across key business functions and the c-suite. The 
board includes our Chief Medical Officer, General Counsel, Chief 
Financial Officer, Vice President People Experience and Inclusion 
and Diversity, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and 
Corporate Operations Officer, Vice President Global Public Affairs, 
and Executive Vice President Global Business Services (GBS), who 
chairs the ESG Review Board. Our ESG management group reports 
to our Executive Vice President of GBS, a direct report to the CEO. 
The Executive Vice President of GBS and our General Counsel both 
have direct interactions with our board of directors. Intuitive’s board 
of directors governance and nominating committee reviews ESG 
progress and strategy twice a year.

2023 ESG Feature Areas 

Our three feature areas for our ESG work over this past year are:

Maturing clinical evidence for meaningful outcomes 
Intuitive continues to apply its clinical and scientific expertise to help 
surgeons and other key stakeholders understand and utilize data to 
optimize decision making for individuals, institutions, and healthcare 
systems. We are focused on: 

•  Unlocking value through clinical evidence

•  Expanding access to care

Understanding the complete carbon impact: reduction and avoidance 
We continue to work to reduce our environmental impact by measuring 
and limiting our footprint and by helping quantify and reduce carbon 
usage in healthcare delivery. We are focused on:

•  Comparing carbon avoidance for different types of surgery

Driving responsible growth  
We remain committed to growing in a manner that responsibly manages 
resources and respects the communities where we live and work. We are 
focused on:

•  Achieving certification of buildings across multiple regions globally

•  Connecting with local communities

 CONTENTS

8

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
Feature areas

Intuitive seeks to create enduring  
value for our customers, our 
employees, and the communities 
where we live and work. We have 
identified three feature areas that 
illustrate our collective ESG work.

 CONTENTS
 CONTENTS

9

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023FEATURE AREAS

Maturing clinical evidence for meaningful outcomes 

On average, 12 scientific peer-reviewed articles 
are published about da Vinci robotic-assisted 
surgery (RAS) and Intuitive technologies each 
day, with more than 38,000* articles published to 
date. The vast majority of these publications are 
the result of clinicians and institutions seeking to 
quantify the benefits of robotic-assisted surgery in 
their own settings or, more broadly, independent 
of involvement or funding from Intuitive.

Unlocking value through clinical evidence  
Globally, over 14 million patients have benefitted 
from minimally invasive care performed with 
Intuitive technologies through 2023. This includes 
more than two million patients receiving quality 
care with Intuitive technologies in 2023. 

With more patients receiving care with Intuitive 
technologies, there are expanded opportunities to 
explore the broader clinical and economic impact 
on patients, surgeons, hospitals, and healthcare 
systems. Notably, aggregated data for existing 
studies show that across a wide variety of procedure 
types, more access to da Vinci surgery equals fewer 
conversions to open procedures†, and shorter length 
of hospital stays, which can contribute to better, more 
efficient clinical and economic outcomes for patients, 
surgeons, hospitals, and healthcare systems.‡§||

Expanding access to care 
Clinical evidence is also used to inform healthcare 
policies and educate reimbursement decision 
makers as part of procurement processes (tenders) 
and health technology assessments around the 
world. For 35+ years, research has indicated that 
implementing evidence-based practices in minimally 
invasive surgery (MIS) has been challenging. 
Intuitive believes that RAS can help overcome these 
challenges and enable greater reach and fidelity. 

Initial investigative research reflects a trend toward 
inequities to appropriateness, accessibility, and 
availability of MIS solutions for patients. This 
analysis has sharpened our understanding of the 
extent of health inequities may be impacting 
patient availability and accessibility to MIS 
solutions in communities across the country.  

A recent collaboration with a regional hospital in 
the United States illustrated how da Vinci adoption 
effectively addressed implementation barriers, leading 
to greater access to MIS solutions. The case study also 
highlighted improved comparative patient health 
outcomes (reduced surgical site infections (SSIs), 
length of stay, and ICU admissions). Additionally, 
the adoption of da Vinci facilitated patients being 
treated at their local hospital, rather than travelling 

to a major city to have access to MIS solutions, 
furthering equitable access in the local communities. 

The case study indicates that after the introduction 
of da Vinci, facilities with high rates of open 
surgery experience a decrease in health inequities 
(open to MIS surgery) and improved comparative 
patient health outcomes. Additionally, underserved 
patient populations, who often face a higher risk 
for comorbidities, are more likely to benefit both 
clinically and economically from MIS. Where da Vinci 
is adopted, we hope to address implementation 
barriers that are fueling health inequities to occur.

Based on the surfacing evidence, Intuitive commits 
to collaborating with our customers to share analyses 
and methods that inform and address patient 
access barriers that impact the accessibility of 
high-quality minimally invasive care. Consequently, 
Intuitive has initiated a Center of Excellence to 
focus on health policy and patient access research, 
providing evidence-based insights into health equity, 
implementation sciences, and sustainability to 
improve global health and development worldwide.  

*  Through October 2023

†  Reducing conversions from minimally invasive 
surgery (MIS) to an open approach is crucial, 
not only for the patient and surgeon but also 
for alleviating strain on hospital resources. 
This effort to minimize conversions during MIS 
significantly enhances patient outcomes and 
overall value. 

‡ Patel et al, Annals of Surgery, 2023 

§ Shah et al, Surgical Endoscopy, 2022

||    Guerra et al, Langenbeck’s Archives 

of Surgery, 2022

 CONTENTS

“In some of the resource-constrained areas 
I’ve worked in around the world, there isn’t the 
infrastructure in place for optimal healthcare, so 
we looked for ways to overcome the barriers to 
surgery. It’s all about learning to do complex things 
as simply as you can. The learnings from these 
initiatives have led to a whole host of projects to 
improve sustainability and the carbon footprint of 
robotic surgery here in Leeds.“

Dr. Aaron Quyn 
Associate Professor of Colorectal Surgery  
University of Leeds 
Leeds, United Kingdom

10

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023FEATURE AREAS

Understanding the complete carbon impact: 
reduction and avoidance

Our approach to climate action is focused 
on minimizing carbon impact. We maintain 
a complete inventory of our carbon 
sources from our operations and product 
manufacturing, including purchased metals, 
plastics, and electronics used to build our 
da Vinci and Ion products. Understanding 
of our carbon footprint underpins our 
efforts to identify reduction opportunities 
and decrease our environmental impact. 
As described in this report, our carbon 
reduction initiatives are balanced with our 
long-term growth strategy. For example, 
we are implementing renewable energy 
sources and environmentally responsible 
building and design standards to increase 
natural resource efficiency and reduce 
our cost of operations in the long term.

surgery is the one that offers the quickest 
recovery and fewest re-interventions. When 
considering carbon avoidance, it’s crucial 
to consider the time spent in the site of 
care as a whole, both in the operating 
room (OR) and the recovery setting. 

Until now, the study of the carbon footprint 
from surgery hasn’t been examined 
beyond the OR. Length of hospital 
stay, postoperative complications, and 
readmissions—all proven to be reduced by 
using the da Vinci system—are important 
considerations in comparing open, 
laparoscopic, and robotic-assisted surgery. 
In 2023, Intuitive conducted the first study 
to quantify the carbon avoidance of the 
perioperative phase of patient care. 

calculator. The model looks at the 
resources used in open, laparoscopic, 
and robotic-assisted procedures across 
the patient journey. We use clinical 
data from a meta-analysis of seven 
surgical procedures and a literature 
review of energy use and material 
waste to calculate carbon avoidance. 

The internal findings, based on more than 
1.8 million procedures, show that in 2022 
alone, da Vinci procedures yielded a carbon 
avoidance of approximately 55,495 MT 
CO2e *† compared with laparoscopic surgery 
and approximately 179,207 MT CO2e*† 
compared with open surgery. This topic will 
continue to be explored in coming years. 

In addition, by expanding robotic-assisted 
surgery to improve patient outcomes, we 
seek to reduce the carbon footprint of  
the patient experience and hospital resource 
use. Put simply, the most environmentally 
sustainable and low-carbon method of 

A comparison of carbon avoidance  
of different types of surgery 
By using a combination of clinical evidence 
and peer-reviewed, published data on 
the carbon footprint of a hospital room, 
Intuitive created a carbon avoidance 

“With robotic surgery, we can take care of patients 
and get them in and out the same day, minimizing 
the need for them to be in the hospital going 
through consumables. When you start to look at 
that over the course of a year, it has a big impact.“

Dr. Arnold Advincula 
Chief of Gynecologic Surgery  
Columbia University Medical Center  
New York City, United States

*  This calculation is based on our verified 2022 

carbon inventory.

†   Estimates completed by the company and 

actual impacts could vary.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

11

FEATURE AREAS

Driving responsible growth

Adoption of robotic-assisted surgery (RAS) 
has been growing rapidly globally. As a 
market leader with our da Vinci platform, 
Intuitive has expanded its operations to meet 
global demand for RAS. From the expansion 
of our global headquarters in Sunnyvale, 
California, to our new facilities in Peachtree 
Corners, Georgia, Shanghai, China, Freiburg, 
Germany, and Plovdiv, Bulgaria, we 
are focused on ensuring our spaces are 
efficient, effective, and environmentally 
responsible. Our construction integrates 
resource-efficient designs, innovative 
technologies, and low carbon impact 
materials. In addition, we have implemented 
practices to recover, reuse, and recycle 
as much waste material as possible.

of electric vehicle charging stations. We’ve 
integrated renewable energy sources 
such as solar panels into some of our 
buildings, and optimized energy use for 
heating, ventilation, and air conditioning. 

Achieving certifications across multiple 
regions globally 
We apply green building standards to new 
construction efforts. For new buildings in 
the U.S., Mexico, and Bulgaria, we follow 
the global Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design (LEED) certification 
standard. At our European headquarters in 
Aubonne, Switzerland, we follow the Minergie 
standard, and at our German office in 
Freiburg, we follow the German Sustainable 
Building Council (DGNB) standard.

We have invested in renewable power 
sources, introduced green transportation 
options, and expanded implementation 

Connecting with local communities 
We work with residents to minimize 

the impact of our projects and provide 
job opportunities, support educational 
programs, and contribute to the 
communities where we live and work.  

In addition, we incorporate community-
minded design elements, including 
promoting biodiversity and using native 
vegetation on our campuses, avoiding 
the development of environmentally 
sensitive areas, using permeable 
surfaces, and reducing light pollution. 

“After introducing a da Vinci system to my hospital, my 
leadership quickly recognized its impact. I consistently 
share data with them, reinforcing the value, and as a 
result, we’ve expanded the system placements. Our 
program is now open for observation, allowing others  
to witness the success of our robotic program.”

Dr. Laila Rashidi 
Medical Director, Colon & Rectal Surgery  
MultiCare Health System 
Washington, United States

Assistant Professor, Colon & Rectal Surgery  
Washington State University 
Washington, United States

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

12

SURGEON SPOTLIGHT

Dr. Arnold Advincula

Chief of Gynecologic Surgery,  
Columbia University Medical Center  
New York City, United States

Dr. Laila Rashidi

Medical Director for Colon & Rectal Surgery  
MultiCare Health System 
Washington, United States

Assistant Professor, Colon & Rectal Surgery  
Washington State University 
Washington, United States

Dr. Aaron Quyn

Associate Professor of Surgery  
University of Leeds 
Leeds, United Kingdom

Dr. Advincula is a pioneer of minimally invasive robotic surgery. He first used the 
Intuitive da Vinci system 22 years ago and has helped develop its application 
across the gynecologic specialty.

Dr. Rashidi first fell in love with surgery while studying at Ross University on the 
beautiful island of Dominica. By her second year of medical school, she knew she 
wanted to become a colorectal surgeon.

When Dr. Quyn isn’t treating patients with advanced and recurrent pelvic disease, 
he works with a global surgical research collaborative to help improve surgical 
outcomes in low- and middle-income countries.

What makes you passionate about what you do? 
We see the impact on the patient. I never lose sight of the fact that it’s just a 
privilege that people entrust you with performing surgery—and that’s where 
da Vinci has been transformative. In all the years I’ve utilized the technology, it’s 
one of the most reliable pieces of equipment that I use in the operating room, 
and it works—I don’t know how else to say it.

What comes to mind when you think about sustainability in your practice? 
It’s about trying to decrease the footprint in the operating room. It’s amazing 
how much trash is generated in one case. I think Intuitive has done a really good 
job of trying to decrease that footprint. A lot of what we use on the platform is 
reusable, and beyond that, we’re getting access to extended use instrumentation.

Looking at the bigger picture, when you have patients that come into the 
hospital for surgery and they stay in the hospital for several days, the footprint 
that patient generates in terms of disposables and equipment is pretty 
significant.

With robotic surgery, we can take care of patients and get them in and out  
the same day, minimizing the need for them to be in the hospital going  
through consumables.

How can we help more hospitals expand access to minimally invasive care? 
After introducing a da Vinci system to my hospital, my leadership quickly 
recognized its impact. I consistently share data with them, reinforcing the 
value, and as a result, we’ve expanded the system placements. Our program is 
now open for observation, allowing others to witness the success of our robotic 
program.

How do you communicate the benefits of robotic surgery to your patients 
and colleagues? 
My theory is if you ever want to say something is better than the other, you 
always have to back it up. That’s why I utilize evidence, because you have to have 
your data to support the message. Whenever I meet referring physicians or talk 
to my patients, I always have data to support why I’m doing what I’m doing.

What comes to mind when you think about sustainability in your practice? 
You don’t use as many materials in a robotic case, and at our hospital we don’t 
need as much staff for robotic cases. Our care teams are trained on surgeon 
preferences in the OR—knowing what materials to open and what to leave in 
the packaging. We don’t use more than what is needed. And ultimately, we get 
patients back to their lives quicker.

What makes you passionate about what you do? 
We all have role models when we’re young, and one of mine happened to be 
a surgeon who developed my interest in surgery. That interest stayed with me 
through medical school, and I can honestly say, after all these years, I’m as 
interested now as I was back then.

Tell us about your work in Northeast India and Sierra Leone 
These are remote areas where there isn’t the infrastructure in place for optimal 
healthcare, so we look for ways to overcome the barriers to surgery. It’s all about 
learning to do complex things as simply as possible. The learnings from these 
initiatives have led to a whole host of projects to improve sustainability and the 
carbon footprint of surgery here in Leeds.

I think it’s important that we, as a robotic surgery community, continue to think 
about how we can be more sustainable, collect and recycle more waste, and utilize 
more multi-use items.

What surprises you most about what you do? 
What I’m most surprised by, and it’s magnified by using the da Vinci system, is that 
I’m still improving as a surgeon. Part of that is the operative view, and part is that 
developments keep evolving with da Vinci. I’d like to think most surgeons, when 
reflecting, will say that the robot gives them the platform to become better.

 CONTENTS

13

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Social responsibility

Intuitive seeks to create enduring value  
for our customers, our employees, and  
the communities where we live and work.    

 CONTENTS

14

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Our customers

Since our inception, we have focused on developing innovative 
technology validated by clinical evidence, which, when used by our 
customers, can help them achieve better outcomes, better care 
team experiences, better patient experiences, and lower cost of care. 
Intuitive’s recent Net Promoter Score (NPS)* ranking confirms the 
long-term value of our focus. 

value inspires additional research, and from 2010 to present, there 
has been a three-fold increase in high-level scholarly literature. By the 
end of 2022, high-level studies and reviews made up about 36% of 
the total 4,500+ articles published that year. The rise in this research 
both mirrors and reflects Intuitive’s broad clinical and economic 
impact on surgeons, patients, and healthcare systems.

Commitment to peer-reviewed clinical and scientific evidence  
Peer-reviewed clinical and scientific evidence informs our 
understanding of the value of Intuitive’s technologies. It helps us, 
our customers, and healthcare systems better understand how 
minimally invasive care can improve outcomes, patient and care 
team experience, and total cost of care.  

Customer training 
Delivering high-quality minimally invasive care requires more than 
a robotic system. It requires a full ecosystem, including multi-
faceted, long-term technology training, peer-to-peer education and 
interaction, data that provides clinicians with clinical insights, 24/7 
system support, and more.‡ 

Evidence that demonstrates value 
Since 1998, there have been more than 38,000† independent, peer-
reviewed publications on Intuitive technologies. These span the 
breadth of scholarly contributions from traditional clinical studies 
and outcomes research to real-world evidence from databases, 
expert commentary, and bench research, and the majority have 
been authored by scientists unaffiliated with Intuitive. From our 
inception to 2010, approximately 13% of the research articles were 
high-level comparative studies and reviews. Evidence demonstrating 

To ensure that surgeons and care teams receive the training they 
need, Intuitive has developed an innovative four-phase training 
program§ that combines skills and technology training with 
opportunities for healthcare professionals around the world to learn 
from peers. Surgeons, physicians, and care teams learn how to use 
our systems from experienced trainers and independent surgical 
educators at our training centers, supported by a library of virtual 
resources, including training modules, video instruction, lectures,  
and simulations.

High-level evidence on Intuitive products and procedures continues to grow

How our customers perceive us  
In 2023, Intuitive achieved a Net 
Promoter Score (NPS)* of 80 in the 
United States. This is the highest 
level achieved since Intuitive began 
measuring NPS in 2019. NPS is a 
metric used to measure customer 
perception and loyalty by asking 
one simple question: “On a scale 
from 0 to 10, how likely is it that 
you would recommend da Vinci 
to a friend or colleague.” Bain & 
Company, the creators of the 
Net Promoter System, suggest a 
score: above 0 is good, above 20 
is favorable, above 50 is excellent, 
and above 80 is world class.

r
a
e
y

r
e
p
s
n
o
i
t
a
c

i
l

b
u
P

)
l
a
t
o
t

f
o
%

(
e
r
u
t
a
r
e
t
i
l

l

e
v
e

l

h
g
H

i

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

All publications

High-level/total

Supporting collaborative 
research 
While the vast majority of the 
peer-reviewed publications 
on RAS are conducted by 
clinicians and institutions 
independent of Intuitive 
involvement or funding, we 
partner with surgeons and 
institutions to study emerging 
clinical procedures, advanced 
technologies, and techniques. 
We also have a research and 
educational grants program 
to support clinically relevant 
technology research and 
development. Additional 
details can be found here.

•  Intuitive’s training and education 

program is accredited by the 
Royal College of Surgeons of 
England. Additionally, Phase II of 
Intuitive’s training pathway has 
been validated by IRCAD.||

•  In 2023, more than 76,000 

surgeons and clinicians received 
training on Intuitive technologies, 
with over 9,000 training sessions 
conducted globally. 

•  Over 110 training centers in 

more than 26 countries support 
Intuitive’s hands-on lab courses 
and skills assessments for 
surgeons, physicians, and OR 
care teams.

*  The Net Promoter Score calculates customer 

† Through October 2023

loyalty and predicts business growth by 
subtracting the percentage of detractors 
from the percentage of promoters in 
a company. For details on how NPS is 
calculated, click here.

‡  See page 40 for important safety information, 

including our Product Training Disclaimer. 

§  See Appendix C for details on our four-phase 

training program

||  IRCAD stands for Institut de Recherche contre 
les Cancers de l’Appareil Digestif, which is 
French for Institute for Research into Cancer 
of the Digestive System.

 CONTENTS

15

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In 2023, more than 4,800 
surgeons were trained using 
Advanced Tissue Models 
across 62 training centers 
globally. 

Intuitive Learning Platform and SimNow 
Intuitive has developed a variety of tools to enhance surgeon and 
care team technology training. The SimNow Learning System helps 
surgeons focus on developing skills independently, at their own pace. 
Our goal is to provide the appropriate content and delivery approach 
to meet the needs of every learner. 

Our latest simulator technology focuses on the core components  
of a surgeon’s practice:

•  Through learning exercises, surgeons can enhance their skills with 
a variety of robotic-assisted surgical instruments, combination 
exercises, and robotic fundamental skills drills.

•  Guided virtual reality allows surgeons to practice and develop 

•  Surgeons can track their progress and identify areas  

for improvement. 

Our platform supports 17 languages, tailoring courses to individualized 
learning plans and product approvals in each country. In 2023, we 
achieved a 63% increase in users completing learning plans outside 
the U.S. compared with 2022. Through 2023, our SimNow Learning 
System has accumulated over 68,000 surgeon training hours.

Our Hospital Learning Management tool enables robotic 
coordinators to assign, track, and report on technology, procedure, 
and simulation learning specific to their hospital’s training needs. In 
2023, we doubled the number of available technology learning plans, 
enhancing self-led opportunities for the entire care team.

proficiency on specific procedural skills before performing surgery. 
Our library of virtual reality-based training is constantly updated  
so that surgeons have access to the most recent resources. 

Remote case observation and telementoring 
The ability for experts to remotely observe surgeries can increase 
surgeon and care team access to and uptake of mentoring 

opportunities. Our telepresence live-streaming feature allows 
surgeons, students, and proctors to remotely view da Vinci 
procedures in real time. With Intuitive Telepresence, surgeons can 
experience surgery as if they were viewing through a 2D console in 
the same room. 

Advanced Tissue Models 
Our Advanced Tissue Models (ATMs) offer a highly realistic training 
experience. ATMs use ex-vivo tissue harvested from the food 
chain, reducing waste and eliminating the use of anesthesia and 
other drugs. This contributes to a sustainable, standardized, and 
reproducible training experience. In 2023, we expanded training 
opportunities, especially in resource-constrained settings, and 
these models are now being used in 21 countries. In 2023, we also 
introduced new training models to expand access to technical and 
surgeon-led training courses that meet USDA Animal and Plant 
Health Inspection Service certification standards.  

 CONTENTS

16

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Collaboration with our customers, medical and surgical  
societies, and academia   
We are improving our training offerings by working with surgical  
and medical societies globally to:

•  Help develop educational pathways

•  Establish competency benchmarks and metrics

•  Support curriculum development

•  Host courses for fellows and residents 

•  Support Continuing Medical Education (CME) 

courses at society meetings

•  Support educational research initiatives  

We support a number of collaborations with training institutions 
around the world, some of which are detailed in Appendix C.

Genesis program 
Intuitive’s Genesis program helps enhance the efficiency and 
effectiveness of robotic-assisted surgical programs. Genesis includes 
best practice identification and implementation for identifying 
opportunities to optimize efficiencies. Through this, surgical teams 
can improve resource management while reducing process variability. 
This no-cost consulting program helps hospitals standardize their 
programs and optimize operational and clinical performance. 

Supporting surgeon communities 
We continue to be committed to helping the surgeons and care 
teams who use our systems connect with and learn from each other. 

Women in da Vinci Surgery 
Initiated by Intuitive five years ago, the Women in da Vinci Surgery 
Symposium is a platform to connect women who use the da Vinci 
system. In 2023, we brought together nearly 200 women surgeons 
and hospital executives for the annual symposium. Find out more 
about the symposium.  

My Intuitive for Peer Benchmarking  
My Intuitive* connects customers to insights that can enable better 
patient outcomes and a more efficient care team experience. My 
Intuitive platform gives surgeons and care teams access to case 
reports with a readout of procedure trends over time. My Intuitive 
also allows surgeons to see how their data compares to their peers. 

Supporting customers and solving problems using our  
global service offerings 
Our service and support offerings are focused on patient safety, 
customer experience, and economic value, and are driven by our 
customers’ needs, feedback, and insights.

Learn more about how we are 
helping to prepare the surgeons of 
tomorrow and the mentors of today. 

Discover how a growing community 
of surgeons support each other in 
using Intuitive systems.

*  Design and implementation for My 

Intuitive have been rigorously evaluated 
and awarded third-party certifications 
for privacy and security compliance with 
globally recognized HITRUST and NIST 
Cybersecurity and Privacy Frameworks.

Through Genesis, we are able 
to reduce waste through 
optimizing cleaning and 
sterilization training. From 
Q1–Q3 2023, our customers 
saved over $3M total in waste 
management costs in the U.S.  

In 2023, we introduced 
new virtual Sterile Process 
Department (SPD) 
retraining events, training 
395 participants from 
209 hospitals without 
the need for travel.

System uptime 
Our Global Services team ensures system safety, reliability, and 
uptime by capturing system performance data, generating insights, 
and taking action. We call this the virtuous loop—a cycle that 
enables continuous learning and reliability improvements in both 
software and hardware. This has enabled more than 99% uptime 
performance and increased customer portal engagement, advancing 
to 17,000+ global users in 2023, compared with 13,800+ in 2022. 

Remote software updates keep our technology current without the 
need for an on-site visit. Our 24/7 technical support is there when 
customers need it, backed by team members with an average of 
10-plus years of hands-on experience. We stage critical parts close 
to customers to ensure that service engineers can respond quickly. 
Sterile reprocessing training also helps maintain surgical instrument 
reprocessing quality. 

OnSite® 
Our OnSite® remote diagnostics enable real-time system diagnosis 
and hourly proactive system health reviews that minimize disruption 
and unplanned service events, maximizing system availability. 

 CONTENTS

17

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Supporting patient advocacy programs in the U.S. 
In 2022, we formed a U.S. Patient Advocacy Council with the goals  
of helping improve patients’ access to care and our understanding of 
key issues facing patients. The Council includes the following Patient 
Advocacy Groups (PAGs):

•  American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network 

•  American Lung Association

•  Fight Colorectal Cancer

•  HealthyWomen

•  Obesity Action Coalition

•  ZERO Prostate Cancer

In 2023, Intuitive supported these PAGs to raise awareness about 
specific diseases and minimally invasive care options. These efforts 
included public service announcements, educational materials, 
patient education events, promoting awareness of our clinical trials, 
webinars, and campaigns. In total, this work reached 1.9 million 
patients and counting.

In 2023, we also supported PAGs to help raise awareness and 
advocate for public policies to improve access to cancer screenings 
and related care, including:

•  The Fight Colorectal Cancer Advocacy Summit to improve disease 
awareness and educate members about colorectal cancer and the 
need for screenings.

•  The Zero Prostate Cancer Advocacy Summit to raise awareness 

about prostate cancer and advocate for early detection methods, 
screenings, access to care, and coverage.

•  American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network to advocate  
for policies facilitating government research, access to coverage, 
and screenings.

Since its launch in 2021, we’ve been 
proud supporters of the American 
Cancer Society’s Get Screened 
program. This initiative encourages 
regular cancer screening tests. In 
2023, this program resulted in 362,400 
screenings for breast, cervical, 
colorectal, and lung cancers, leading 
to the diagnosis of 6,881 cases. The 
program boosted cancer screening 
rates among patients by an average 
of seven percentage points.

Reduction of product waste 
Extended Use Program  
To help hospitals lower the total cost of care and reduce waste, in 
2020, we introduced the Extended Use Program for da Vinci X and 
Xi instruments in the U.S. and Europe. The program increases the 
number of times certain system instruments can be used. Product 
teams enhanced instrument design, materials, manufacturing 
processes, and testing protocols to help improve instrument reliability. 
Extended Use Program instruments underwent rigorous electrical, 
mechanical, and reprocessing testing to validate that they could 
meet our performance and reliability standards at a greater number 
of uses. In 2021, most of our European and all U.S. customers 
migrated to using extended-use instruments. The program now 
operates globally. 

take back the system. The returned systems are then upgraded 
or refurbished for resale or are used to harvest parts for re-use. 
In all cases, we recycle the material in parts and products that 
can no longer be used. Additionally, the material in unusable 
returned instruments is also recycled. We provide guidance to all 
our customers on how they can properly and responsibly dispose 
expired products.

Flexible acquisition models 
We have developed a range of financing models to help hospitals 
acquire the technology they need. Fifty-one percent of our 
customers use a flexible financing arrangement.* A growing 
number of these are usage-based arrangements, giving 
customers the flexibility to pay as they go.

System upgrades and unusable materials 
We offer customers the opportunity to upgrade their systems to the 
latest available technology. When they upgrade, we either assist the 
hospital in relocating the older system to a new point of care or we 

*  Based on Intuitive’s internal analysis of  

2023 global financing data.

 CONTENTS

18

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Our people

Inclusion and Diversity 
We integrate Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) principles throughout our 
work to build an inclusive, equitable, and diverse environment where 
every individual can belong and flourish.

I&D at Intuitive 
A four-part strategy guides our I&D progress:

•  Diverse workforce  

Increase leader and employee representation to better reflect 
the talent pools available through diverse talent sourcing, 
strengthening our hiring process rigor and training, and thoughtful 
succession and talent planning.

•  Inclusive experience 

Help employees from all backgrounds feel welcome, supported, 
and valued through our employee resource groups (ERGs), inclusion 
training and education, and employee support.

•  Fair practices 

Openly share progress and continuously improve our people 
practices in areas such as representation, pay equity, and 
promotions.

•  Industry engagement 

Engage with our customers and their patients, our employees, 
communities, suppliers, and other stakeholders to drive positive 
change.

Our strategy emphasizes that promoting I&D is a shared 
responsibility, both as an organization and among individual leaders 
and employees

Our progress 
We publish workforce diversity data to help our employees, 
shareholders, customers, and others better understand our 
workforce. While global and U.S. people of color metrics are a small 
fraction of the entire diversity landscape, we consider them an 
indicator of our I&D practices.

*   Reflects Intuitive’s regular employee self-

‡   Other groups category includes: Native 

identified data. 

†   Data as of December 31, 2023. Percentages 
may not add up to 100 due to rounding. 

American/Alaskan Native, Hawaiian/Pacific 
Islander, and two or more races.

Women representation globally*†

Women representation

35.6%

37.2%

37.7%

Women representation in manager and director levels

30.1%

32.1%

32%

Women representation at or above VP levels

22.9%

25%

25.7%

2021

2022

2023

U.S. ethnically diverse talent*†

People of color representation

52.7%

54.7%

56.4%

People of color representation in manager and director levels 43.9%

44.7%

46.2%

People of color representation at or above VP levels

20.4%

19.8%

21.3%

2021

2022

2023

I&D vision 
Empowering our employees and 
customers to fully contribute 
toward our shared purpose of 
healing without constraints.

I&D mission 
To build an inclusive, equitable 
and diverse environment where 
every individual can belong and 
flourish—in our company and 
the communities we serve.

U.S. race/ethnicity representation: overall*†

Asian

35.7%

Hispanic/Latino

11.5%

Black

5.3%

U.S. race/ethnicity representation: manager/director levels*†

Asian

30.9%

Hispanic/Latino

8.3%

Black

3.9%

White

43.6%

White

53.8%

Other groups ‡
3.8%

Other groups ‡
3%

U.S. race/ethnicity representation: at or above VP level*†

Asian

11.5%

Hispanic/Latino

4.9%

Black

2.5%

White

78.7%

Other groups ‡
2.5%

U.S. race/ethnicity representation: women at Intuitive*†

Asian

38.2%

Hispanic/Latino

11.8%

Black

5.8%

White

40.6%

Other groups ‡
3.6%

U.S. race/ethnicity representation: men at Intuitive*†

Asian

34.3%

Hispanic/Latino

Black

11.4%

5.1%

White

45.4%

Other groups ‡
3.9%

View Intuitive’s Equal Employment 
Opportunity (EEO-1) report which 
reflects U.S. government reporting 
requirements.

 CONTENTS

19

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Organizations we work with 
to source diverse talent 
In 2023, we invested in 
partnerships and events 
to engage candidates 
across underrepresented 
communities. Our ERGs 
and Talent Acquisition 
team attended conferences 
including: National Society of 
Black Engineers, National Sales 
Network, Society of Hispanic 
Professional Engineers, Society 
of Women Engineers, Lesbians 
Who Tech, Military Influencer 
Conference, and Disability:IN.

Leadership’s role in I&D 
Our senior leaders play an important role in building and supporting 
inclusion and fair practices within their teams. In 2023, we rolled 
out inclusive leadership training to VP and above employees. 
Approximately 91% of our VPs have participated in this live training 
program. 

Our I&D Council advises on I&D initiatives and milestones while 
monitoring program effectiveness. 

Employee resource groups 
Our employee resource groups (ERGs) provide community and 
support for employees who are members of a recognized minority 
group within the workforce, based on gender/gender identity,  
sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, disability, or military veteran status. 
This year, the I&D team focused on implementing our ERG excellence 
framework, which included providing dedicated I&D support, tools, 
and resources; connecting ERGs to key internal stakeholders; 
recognizing and rewarding ERG leaders, and investing the growth 
and development of the ERG community. Professional development 
opportunities for ERG members in 2023 included quarterly interactive 
virtual workshops and individual executive coaching. Read more 
about the  2023 initiatives our ERGs advanced in Appendix D.

Fair and equitable pay 
Fair and equitable pay is integral to our commitment to employees 
and is upheld by our executive leadership team and board of 
directors. Our policy is to employ, retain, promote, and otherwise 
treat all employees based on merit, qualifications, and competence, 
regardless of gender, race/ethnicity, or any other protected 
characteristic. 

In 2023, we conducted a comprehensive pay equity audit for our full-
time U.S. workforce, including adjustments for job roles and location, 
among other factors. The analysis included 100% of our global full-
time employees relative to gender and 100% of U.S. employees for 
race/ethnicity (61.5% of the global workforce). The results revealed 
that our adjusted pay gap based on U.S. self-identified gender 
showed female employees earning 99.3% of their male counterparts. 
Our adjusted pay gap based on U.S. self-identified race/ethnicity 
indicated that employees of color earn 100% of what white 
employees earn. Neither of these differences were statistically 
significant, given our population size. We are proud to have strong 
pay practices and policies that have helped maintain this level of pay 
equity and are committed to annual assessments of pay equity.

Intuitive receives Pro  
Patria award 
In 2023, Intuitive was honored 
to receive the Pro Patria 
award, recognizing us as 
a top military employer in 
California. This annual award 
from the Employer Support of 
the Guard and Reserve (ESGR), 
acknowledges our support for 
guard and reserve employees.

Intuitive named 2023  
Best Place to Work for 
Disability Inclusion  
Intuitive is proud to be named 
a 2023 Best Place to Work 
for Disability Inclusion for the 
second consecutive year on 
the Disability Equality Index. 

Read more about our 
commitment to pay equity.

In 2023, nearly 2,500 
employees in 20 countries 
participated in ERGs.

Talent acquisition 
Our workforce strategy is centered on building a world-class team 
to pursue our mission while improving representation to reflect the 
diverse talent pools available to us. This includes efforts to source 
diverse talent by using events, online communities, and sourcing 
partnerships to diversify candidate pools for open positions. 

We provide our talent acquisition team with custom diversity 
training to effectively promote inclusion and fairness throughout the 
hiring process. This training focuses on challenges associated with 
unconscious bias, inclusive hiring practices, how to attract a diverse 
pool of talent, and disability etiquette considerations. To mitigate 
bias in screening and interviews, we’ve introduced “License to Hire” 
global training for hiring managers.

Both Intuitive and the Intuitive Foundation* actively support 
nonprofit organizations working to promote awareness of and access 
to career and development resources in the communities where we 
seek talent. Read more about these initiatives here.

How we hire 
Our talent acquisition professionals are always looking for team 
members who want to make a difference and will enhance our 
inclusive culture. Read more about our hiring process here.

*  Created in 2018, the Intuitive Foundation 
is an independent 501(c)(3) charitable 
organization supported by Intuitive Surgical.

 CONTENTS

20

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Learning offerings 
We are intentional in program design to cater to individual employee 
learning preferences. Ranging from low commitment, on-demand 
learning with a focus on breadth of knowledge to high commitment, 
connected learning with a depth of knowledge, our offerings fit a 
variety of needs. 

Talent practices 
We actively invest to support employee growth and contributions, 
empowering them to set career and development goals. Our career 
growth paths are regularly reviewed to ensure that we maintain a 
scalable job framework that supports growth.  

Employee experience survey 
Our annual employee experience survey gauges the satisfaction, 
engagement, and well-being of our workforce. It provides insight 
into workplace dynamics, highlighting areas for improvement and 
change. 2023 survey findings include:  

•  87% response rate 

•  81% favorability 

•  90% of respondents stated their intent to stay 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Enhanced onboarding program  
In 2023, we created the new year one journey onboarding framework 
and program, which helps employees get integrated, engaged, up 
to speed, and productive more quickly and easily. We believe that 
onboarding needs to be a structured, consistent, engaging, and 
immersive journey that extends beyond the first few weeks and 
guides new hires throughout their entire first year at the company. 
At every stage of onboarding, employees gain new information and 
insights, learn new skills, and build relationships that increase their 
sense of connection and belonging.

University Hiring Program 
The University Hiring Program (UHP) is an early career pipeline 
strategy to attract and develop talent. Our summer program 
provides students with the opportunity to gain insight into the 
medical device industry, obtain valuable work experience, and  
benefit from guidance and mentoring. In 2023, 150 students 
participated in the program. The UHP also had ERG representation  
at campus career fairs including Georgia Tech University,  
Florida A&M University, and Howard University.

Employee development 
By implementing accessible design practices, scalable programs,  
and enduring practices, we seek to enable the growth of our 
employees, teams, and overall organization.

Our employee development framework focuses on learning  
in three key areas: 

•  Enabling employee growth internally 

Self-awareness, presence and personal brand, emotional 
intelligence, self-leadership, growth mindset, grit and resilience, 
well-being, creativity

•  Enabling employee growth in partnership with others 

Influencing skills, teamwork and collaboration, communication  
skills, motivating others, working cross-culturally, presentation skills

•  Enabling employee growth with respect to the business 

Strategic thinking, negotiation skills, time management, problem 
solving, goal setting/prioritization, Intuitive-specific business 
knowledge, decision-making, change management

To address employee 
feedback from our 2022 
employee experience survey, 
we improved our annual 
promotion process in 2023, 
including leadership training 
on consistent promotion 
criteria. We also rolled out 
our manager acceleration 
program (MAP) workshop, 
reaching more than 700 
people leaders. The workshop 
focused on key behaviors, 
skills, and processes for 
improved team leadership 
and management. 

 CONTENTS

21

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Total rewards 
We support our 13,600+ employees with a range of compensation, 
benefits, and wellness programs. We continuously seek ways to 
improve our benefits, wellness, and compensation offerings to 
adapt to the changing needs of our workforce. 

Employee compensation  
Our comprehensive compensation programs include base salary, 
short-term cash incentives based on individual performance 
measures, retirement contributions, an employee stock purchase 
plan, and longer-term incentives in the form of restricted stock 
units (RSUs) or cash-based bonus awards. We use multiple 
nationally and globally recognized market surveys to benchmark 
and inform pay targets. Our employee compensation programs 
regularly undergo robust global review, and senior executive 
pay decisions are reviewed and approved by the Compensation 
Committee of the Board. See Appendix E for details on our 
employee benefits program. 

Learn more about executive 
compensation in our Proxy 
Statement. 

Health, safety, and security  
A safe and healthy work environment is a requirement for a 
productive and engaged workforce.

Health and safety policy  
Our health and safety policy applies to all operations, including 
manufacturing, offices, and field employees worldwide. We aim 
to achieve growth while continuously improving our practices in 
accordance with applicable laws. The practices outlined in the 
policy serve to benefit our employees and customers, as well as the 
communities in which we operate.  

Supervisor expectations and responsibilities are documented in all 
operating procedures. During training, we ensure that staff clearly 
understand their roles and responsibilities. We also train our staff 
to follow specific procedures regarding our process for reporting 
health and safety incidents and have a defined injury and illness 
prevention program that ensures incidents are handled accurately by 
management. Additional aspects of our health and safety practices 
are detailed in Appendix F.

Workplace experience 
Accessibility 
Our accessibility policies prioritize seamless access for all 
employees to all facilities. We provide gender inclusive restrooms, 
dedicated lactation rooms, meditation spaces, and other 
accommodations and amenities.

Employee workplace experience portal and committee 
Our high-quality work environment and workplace experience  
is governed by our workplace experience portal and committee. 
These platforms enable us to harness employee insights, address 
productivity obstacles, and create an overall positive workplace 
experience. 

Employees are encouraged to submit ideas via our request 
portal, initiating a process of ideation and assessment. Ideas 
are reviewed by the workplace experience committee with 
considerations including the scope of influence, resource 
considerations, and alignment with our corporate culture. 
Approved ideas are then implemented.

 CONTENTS

22

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Our community impact

We aim to improve the communities where we live and work. 

Programs in collaboration with the Intuitive Foundation 
We work in collaboration with the Intuitive Foundation to reduce the 
global burden of disease and suffering through philanthropy, research, 
and education. The Intuitive Foundation’s approach includes surgical 
training, outreach program support, research grants, philanthropic 
contributions, and volunteer efforts in communities around the world. 

Volunteer efforts 
The Intuitive Foundation Volunteerism Committee fosters community 
engagement by offering local volunteer opportunities for Intuitive 
employees.

Volunteer matching program 
To amplify our impact, in 2022, Intuitive and the Intuitive Foundation 
launched a volunteer matching program. Through this program, 
the Intuitive Foundation provides monetary matching to eligible 
charities and nonprofit organizations. For every hour volunteered by 
an Intuitive employee, the Intuitive Foundation donates $25 (or local 
currency equivalent) to the designated nonprofit organization. In 
2023, our employees collectively volunteered 9,596 hours, resulting in 
$232,850 in donations distributed among 152 different organizations.

Volunteer time off policy 
At the start of 2024, Intuitive launched a volunteer program for our 
hourly U.S. employees. This program provides up to eight hours of 
paid volunteer time annually each year. 

Wellness challenges 
Through a group wellness challenge, Intuitive employees can 
participate in wellness activities to increase their personal wellbeing 
and build stronger ties with their coworkers while earning up to $100 
per week per participant for the group’s chosen nonprofit. At the end 
of the challenge, the Intuitive Foundation will donate the amount 
raised by the group to the chosen non-profit. In 2023, Intuitive 
employees participated in 25 wellness challenges, yielding $540,000 
in donations to 35 different organizations.

Philanthropic contributions 
Intuitive Foundation’s philanthropy committee aims to identify, 
cultivate, and manage financial, in-kind, and partnership resources 
to support philanthropic programs and operations of the Intuitive 
Foundation. The philanthropy committee supported several giving 
campaigns in 2023, resulting in over $3 million donated to 1,722 
different causes through its donation matching program.

Explore details on additional 
programs that the Intuitive 
Foundation supports. 

Community grants 
Intuitive Foundation’s community grants program funds 
capacity building projects driven by 501(c)(3) nonprofit 
organizations. In 2023, Intuitive Foundation granted nearly 
$300,000 in funding to eight organizations.

See Appendix G for examples of  
our community impact programs  
in progress.

See Appendix H for information on 
Intuitive Ventures and funds.

 CONTENTS

23

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Focus on innovation 
At Intuitive, we are relentless in our pursuit of improving healthcare—
from building leading-edge, integrated systems and software to 
providing education and support that aims to keep hospitals and 
their staff at the forefront of minimally invasive care. 

Innovative manufacturing practices 
At our locations around the globe, dedicated manufacturers know 
that everything they make lands in a hospital or other healthcare 
setting—and ultimately affects patients’ lives. Spurred on by this 
mission, we build robotic surgical equipment with meticulous 
attention to detail, and we’re constantly increasing productivity 
through quick but careful thinking and hard work. From those  
team members designing our manufacturing systems to those of  
us assembling them, we bring a variety of skills and experience to  
our work, collaborating on complex products that make Intuitive  
a market leader in minimally invasive care.

Celebrating design and engineering 
In August 2023, we celebrated our Design and Engineering Day,  
bringing together over 4,000 employees across the globe to 
experience system demos and exhibits, network with colleagues, 
celebrate progress, and hear from keynote speakers.

Design and Engineering Day also serves as a platform for 
announcing employee awards, including Inventor of the Year,  
Process Engineering Innovator of the Year, and our inaugural 
Leonardo Leadership awards:

•  Inventor of the Year  

Established in 2009, the Inventor of the Year is awarded based 
on the number and significance of patent applications filed in 
a single year. Another factor is the level of engagement in the 
patent process. Patents play a critical role in protecting Intuitive’s 
intellectual property. 

Intuitive owns or has 
exclusive rights to more than 
4,800+ patents* and 2,200+ 
active patent* applications 
worldwide, with the vast 
majority developed internally 
by our employees and teams.

Manufacturing tours  
At our manufacturing 
facilities, a team of 
knowledgeable training 
specialists regularly provide 
manufacturing tours to 
employees, suppliers, as 
well as guests like surgeons, 
hospital administrators, and 
government officials. We 
also have a manufacturing 
tour on our YouTube channel, 
providing a virtual “behind 
the scenes” look at how our 
people and processes come 
together to create da Vinci 
Surgical Systems.

Hear from the Manufacturing team 
about their impact.

•  Process Engineering Innovator of the Year  

•  Leonardo Leadership 

For the second year, Intuitive announced a Process Engineering 
Innovator of the Year award, recognizing non-patented innovations. 
Process engineering plays a vital role at Intuitive, partnering with 
new product development teams, collaborating on manufacturing 
design, developing component sourcing strategies, and creating 
or purchasing the manufacturing and automation equipment 
to produce products at scale. For products that have reached 
production, teams work to stabilize them through the final 
manufacturing review and provide sustained support throughout 
the product lifecycle.

The Leonardo Leadership awards were a new addition in 2023, and 
honor employees within the innovation and operations teams who 
bring new technology and ideas to life and who reflect our values 
and beliefs.

Analytics Fair  
The Analytics Fair is another venue for celebrating Intuitive innovation 
and teams. The Analytics Fair program includes a keynote speaker, 
executive panel discussion, an analytics expo, awards for top data 
projects, and networking.  

The 2023 award categories include:  
·  Best in Service to our Mission 
·  Best Local Impact 
·  Most Original  
·  Best Methods 
·  Best Data Utility 
·  Most Awesome 

Team presentations are the highlight of the Analytics Fair each year, 
with colleagues across Intuitive sharing innovative approaches to 
utilizing data to guide decision-making and strategy. 

*  The counts prior to 2022 included exclusively 

licensed patents and applications. 

 CONTENTS

24

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
Inclusion and diversity in our supply chain 
Engaging our suppliers on inclusion and diversity ensures our business 
practices at all levels to facilitate a safe, inclusive, and accessible 
working environment for everyone along our supply chain. We ask our 
suppliers to self-certify their size and diversity and report on small 
business spend annually.

In support of small 
businesses, we sourced 
over 48% of our U.S. supply 
chain spend on direct 
materials used in our 
products from U.S.-based 
small businesses in 2023.

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Key pillars of our Supplier 
Code of Conduct include:

•  Putting product quality 

and performance first with 
commitment to continuous 
improvement

•  Maintaining ethical 

business practices including 
confidentiality, integrity, 
and legal compliance

•  Commitment to social 

responsibility and 
environmental stewardship

•  Employee engagement 

practices including 
training and development, 
environmental health and 
safety, and human rights

In 2023, 81% of suppliers 
received scorecard 
assessments by total 
supply chain spend, 
rolling 12 months. 

Supplier engagement and standards  
A resilient supply chain community is integral to our mission of 
delivering products that enable life-enhancing care. With global 
operations, Intuitive is committed to the highest standards of 
business conduct and considers its suppliers an extension of our 
business. Intuitive expects the same demonstration of commitment 
to legal, ethical, environmental, and social responsibilities from 
external suppliers. 

Supplier selection criteria  
We assess potential suppliers extensively, considering quality, 
capacity, technical capability, performance, on-time delivery, 
financial stability, regulatory certifications, legal compliance, and 
business management. Once selected, suppliers undergo appropriate 
training, and their products undergo stringent quality evaluations. 
We conduct annual business reviews and issue scorecard ratings 
for key suppliers. We require our suppliers to maintain International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO) certifications, specifically ISO 
13485 for medical device quality management systems and ISO 9001 
for general quality management systems, in addition to complying 
with all applicable laws and regulations.

Suppliers must acknowledge and adhere to our Supplier Code of 
Conduct. We employ third-party screening to ensure that suppliers 
are aligned with the code of conduct criteria. To qualify for our new 
parts process, suppliers must submit compliance declarations for 
new components. This rigorous process works to ensure that all 
products we source from suppliers meet the highest compliance 
standards. To fulfill our commitment to patient care, we require 
suppliers to prioritize product quality and agree to standards  
through our Supplier Quality Agreement.

Supplier scorecard 
Once we establish a partnership with a supplier, we assess their 
performance using our internal supplier scorecard. This scorecard 
emphasizes operational key performance indicators like quality, 
delivery, and cost. In recent years, we’ve expanded the scorecard 
to include human rights and environmental sustainability. This 
includes monitoring suppliers to ensure they do not engage in forced 
labor and confirming their alignment with ISO 14001 certification or 
implementation of another environmental policy.

Workers rights and fair labor 
To uphold fair labor practices across our supply chain, Intuitive 
enforces comprehensive guidelines and policies through our Supplier 
Agreement, Quality Agreement, and Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Beyond the initial screening process, we engage our suppliers through 
surveys to monitor labor practices. Further, we employ SaaS tools to 
monitor updates related to our supply chain.

 CONTENTS

25

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Social responsibility metrics

Focus on our customers and  
their patients

Da Vinci systems globally

States and territories 

Countries

2019

5,582

50

67

2020

5,989

50

67

2021

6,730

52

69

2022

7,544

52

70

2023

8,606

52 

71

Procedures performed using da Vinci systems since inception 

7.2 million+ 

8.5 million+

10 million+

12 million+

14.2 million+

Procedures performed using da Vinci systems in specified year 

1.2 million+ 

1.2 million+

1.5 million+

1.8 million+

2.2 million+

How often a procedure using a da Vinci system begins (seconds) 

26

25.4

Ion systems placed at customer sites

Total number of peer-reviewed scientific articles that reference Intuitive technologies to date

New peer-reviewed articles in specified year

Total surgeons trained on the use of da Vinci systems

Surgeons trained on the use of da Vinci systems in the U.S. 

Surgeons trained on the use of da Vinci systems outside the U.S.

Training sessions performed in specified year globally

Active registered proctors globally 

Genesis total engagements in specified year 

Talent and workplace 
experience

Service uptime

Customer portal users (globally) 

Total number of employees 

Female representation (global)

Female representation in manager and director levels

Female representation at or above VP levels

People of color representation (U.S. only)

People of color representation in manager and director levels

People of color representation at or above VP levels

Annual turnover rate 

Employee engagement survey global participation rate 

Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work ranking 

Wall Street Journal Top 250 Best-Managed Companies 

Lost time incident rate (LTIR)

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)

Focus on innovation

Patents granted

Patents pending

Community impact

Total number of employee volunteer hours

Total donation amount for volunteer matching through the Intuitive Foundation

Number of organizations benefitting from volunteer hours and matching

Number of causes supported through giving campaigns

Total donation amount from giving campaigns (including donation matching)

Supplier engagement

Suppliers receiving scorecard assessments by total supply chain spend, rolling 12 months

Supplier symposium attendance (biennial event) 

Small Business Administration total spend with U.S. small businesses

 CONTENTS

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

21,000+

2,800+ 

32,800+

19,800+ 

2,400+

>98%

4,100+ 

7,100+

33.20%

29.00%

17.30%

49.70%

40.00%

16.70%

>88%

#7

#51

2,900+ 

1,900+ 

66%

165

74%

24,000+ 

3,000+ 

33,000+

22,000+

6,500+ 

1,100+

892

>99%

5,500+ 

8,000+

33.60%

28.10%

19.40%

50.70%

41.00%

17.80%

6.40%

#12

#72

0.09

1.27

3,400+ 

2,100+ 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

19.8

129

29,000+

3,700+

35,000+

25,000+

6,800+

1,000+

1,667

>99%

9,800+

9,700+

35.60%

30.10%

22.90%

52.70%

43.90%

20.40%

10.30%

>88%

#41

#109

0.08

1.19

4,200+

2,100+

-

-

-

-

-

-

16.82

321

34,000+

3,000+

66,000+

37,000+

28,000+

7,400+

1,200+

2,553

>99%

13,800+

12,100+

37.20%

32.10%

25%

54.70%

44.70%

19.80%

10.90%

89%

#29

#222

0.11

0.73

4,300+†

2,100+†

2,836

13.79

534

38,000+*

3,300+*

76,000+

40,400+

35,700+

9,000+

1,400+

3,363

>99%

17,000+

13,600+

37.70%

32%

25.70%

56.40%

46.20%

21.30%

9.10%

87%

#76

0.11

0.61

4,800+†

2,200+†

9,596

-

$70,700 

$232,850 

96

-

152

1,720+

$3.4 million

$3 million+

68%

N/A

81%

N/A

82%

N/A

81%

376

74.50%

76.20%

50.80%

48.60%

 * Through October 2023

†  The counts prior to 2022 included 
exclusively licensed patents and 
applications. 

26

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Environmental 
sustainability

We continue to focus on improving  
our environmental sustainability 
efforts and made progress in 2023, 
outlined within. 

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

27

ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

Climate change and carbon stewardship

We take a holistic view when assessing our carbon management 
responsibilities. Our core mission of improving the quality of 
surgery and minimally invasive care interventions can also help to 
improve the total carbon efficiency* involved in providing needed 
interventions for patients. 

Carbon efficiency contributed by our products and services is 
maximized through our ongoing efforts, while the absolute value of 
our carbon emissions may rise as more surgical and interventional 
procedures are performed. Taken together, we estimate that 
growth in Intuitive-supported procedures increases the total carbon 
efficiency per patient episode of care over time. 

Carbon footprint and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory 
We have conducted a thorough assessment of our carbon footprint, 
encompassing emissions from our operations, supply chain, and 
value-added activities. This assessment, following GHG protocol, is 
our foundation for setting reduction targets and tracking progress. 
Our combined scope 1, 2, and 3†  GHG emissions for FY22‡ amounted 
to approximately 491,645 MT CO2e.§ 

The slight decrease in our absolute emissions, 2.7% year over year, is 
due to a change in our calculation methodology, which uses more 
accurate supplier-specific emissions factors rather than a spend-
based method, leading to a reduction in our purchased goods and 
services: direct category by 66% year over year. The increases in 
our upstream and downstream transportation and distribution 
categories, 72% year over year, were due to procedure volume 
increases, and supply chain related challenges. 

Carbon avoidance  
As mentioned in this feature area, Intuitive has utilized a combination 
of clinical evidence and published journal data to calculate the carbon 
avoidance from da Vinci procedures. Based on more than 1.8 million 
procedures in 2022, da Vinci procedures yielded a carbon avoidance  
of approximately 55,495 MT CO2e|| compared with laparoscopic surgery 
and approximately 179,207 MT CO2e|| compared with open surgery. As 
previously mentioned, we are working with medical consortiums and 
hospital systems to review and analyze our methodology and initial 
findings to continue exploring the full potential of surgical carbon 
avoidance.

2021 Quantities  
(Metric Tons CO2e)¶

2022 Quantities  
(Metric Tons CO2e)¶

Scope†  

Emission category

Scope 1

Natural gas consumption

Scope 1

HVAC fugitive emissions

Scope 1

Company vehicles/fleet transportation

Scope 1

Worldwide lab gas consumption

Scope 2

Purchased electricity

3,313

1,971

2,112

14

18,578

Scope 3

Purchased goods and services: indirect

56,946

Scope 3

Purchased goods and services: direct

251,082

3,461

1,833

1,737

14

21,338

73,841

85,521

Scope 3

Downstream transportation and distribution

68,553

104,881

Scope 3

Capital goods

30,218

Scope 3

Upstream transportation and distribution

29,146

Scope 3

End-of-life treatment of sold products

11,707

Scope 3

Use of sold products

Scope 3

Business travel

Scope 3

Employee commute

Scope 3

Waste from operations

Scope 3 

Investments

10,776

9,194

8,711

57

2,697

Total carbon footprint 505,075

78,241

63,865

13,380

6,767

20,534

13,464

38 (36 nonhazardous; 2 hazardous)

2,730

491,645

*  Carbon efficiency is calculated by taking our 
company’s carbon footprint and dividing it 
by the sum of da Vinci procedures in a given 
year.

†   Scope 1 missions are direct greenhouse (GHG) 
emissions that occur from sources that are 
controlled or owned by an organization (e.g., 
emissions associated with fuel combustion in 
boilers, furnaces, vehicles). 

   Scope 3 emissions are the result of activities 

from assets not owned or controlled by 
the reporting organization, but that the 
organization indirectly affects in its value 
chain.  

   Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions 
associated with the purchase of electricity, 
steam, heat, or cooling. 

  [Source: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency]

‡  Carbon inventory numbers have a one-year 

reporting lag. Data from 2023 will be assured 
and reported in the 2024 ESG report.

§  Our GHG emissions inventory for 2022 has 
been externally assured by a third-party 
vendor.

||  This calculation is based on our verified 2022 
carbon inventory. Estimates completed by the 
company and actual impacts could vary.

¶  Emissions numbers are rounded.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

28

ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

In 2023, we expanded our 
ocean transport program, 
increasing our utilization of 
ocean shipping from 38% in 
2022 to 51%. This shift led to 
a reduction in air shipping, 
resulting in a carbon savings 
of over 2,000 metric tons of 
CO2e.

Carbon plan and decarbonization efforts  
In 2023, we created a carbon plan to estimate our future carbon 
growth and decarbonization from the various efficiency projects in 
place. The starting point for this plan is a systematic mapping of the 
carbon inputs and outputs of our business operations. 

Our carbon plan outlines three key pillars for decarbonization: 

•  Greener transportation logistics expansion  

Pursuing reduction in logistics costs, which in turn results  
in lower carbon emissions. 

•  Energy management  

Enhancing energy management and implementing renewable  
energy solutions.

•  Commute and fleet management  

Enhancing fleet electrification and alternate commute options.  

Greener transportation logistics expansion 
Recovering from supply chain shocks during the pandemic, we are 
gradually shifting air freight to more economic and sustainable options 
of ocean and ground freight for transportation of goods and services. 
In 2023, we expanded our ocean transport program, increasing our 
utilization of ocean shipping from 38% in 2022 to 51%. This shift led to 
a reduction in air shipping, resulting in a carbon savings of over 2,000 
metric tons of CO2e.

Local logistics improvements 
Previously, products returned from all global customers were sent 
back to our U.S. sites for recycling. In 2023, we worked with global 
partners to enable recycling in the countries where shipments were 
damaged, avoiding emissions associated with shipping materials 
back. We are working to expand this practice across all our facilities. 
In July 2023, our EMEA locations also converted some of our shipping 
from express to standard.

In 2023, we published 
a UK-specific carbon 
reduction plan, following 
NHS guidance.

 CONTENTS

29

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

Energy management  
Energy efficiency is an important consideration in our building 
portfolio management. As an example, we implemented an 
energy usage optimization solution across all of our buildings larger 
than 50,000 square feet. Since 2022, our Facilities Maintenance 
Engineering team has used this data to improve energy efficiency. 

Our commitment to solar aligns with California and other regional 
clean energy targets and international climate agreements. We 
deploy on-site solar energy on our buildings in Sunnyvale, Aubonne, 
and Mexicali. As we expand our global presence, we are growing our 
photovoltaic capacity in our new sites around the world. 

Commute and fleet management  
We encourage employees to use public transit, and we have 
implemented electric vehicle (EV) infrastructure where possible. 
We have implemented 169 EV charging ports globally with a 39% 
average utilization rate, resulting in over 726 metric tons of reduced 
CO2e emissions.

Global employee transportation initiatives 
We provide public transportation subsidies to sites where public 
transportation is practical. Across many of our other facilities, we 
are supporting additional alternatives, including electric bike shares, 
carpooling platforms, and employee shuttles. 

Carbon efficiency* 
We are growing to meet expanding global demand for minimally 
invasive care. This growth is accompanied by additional emissions 
from the materials, transportation, and energy use needed to enable 
the procedures. However, on a per procedure basis, we are creating 
efficiency in our value chain to reduce the embedded carbon 
associated with making these materials, transporting them across 
the supply chain, and enabling renewable energy use. To this end, we 
estimate that total emissions for the entire episode of patient care 
will decrease despite increased uptake of our products and services.

Intuitive submitted its 
first Carbon Disclosure 
Project (CDP) report in July 
2023, reflecting data from 
2022. The insights resulting 
from the CDP report 
enable informed, data-
driven decisions aimed at 
identifying opportunities  
for reduction.

*  Carbon efficiency is calculated by taking our 

company’s carbon footprint and dividing it by 
the sum of da Vinci procedures in a given year.

 CONTENTS

30

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

Climate risk and resilience  
In 2023, conducted a study on physical impacts to our facilities and 
those of our suppliers by climate-related factors in the decades of the 
2030s to the 2080s. To do this we conducted climate-related scenario 
analysis to model the impact of climate-related physical risk. Utilizing 
the latest climate science, we applied localized climate projections 
based on medium and high-emission scenarios (SSP2 4.5, SSP5- 8.5). 
We found the risks of water stress, extreme temperatures, and 
flooding are the greatest drivers of climate-related potential impact 
on our value chain.

Climate resilience through water management 
Sustainable design involves mitigating environmental impact  
and proactively addressing climate risk. For example, on-site water 
retention bolsters resilience against rain events at our Peachtree 
Corners, Georgia site, while dewatering measures at our Sunnyvale 
campus enhance preparedness for heavy rains. 

On a broader scale, our global site diversification strategies will 
enable us to replicate functions and adjust production in response  
to specific climate conditions occurring at different sites.

Green construction and responsible growth  
We continue to expand through numerous construction projects 
around the world, including in Sunnyvale, Calif.; Peachtree Corners, 
GA; Mexicali, Mexico; Parvomay, Bulgaria; Aubonne, Switzerland, and 
Freiburg, Germany. 

Green building certifications 
New buildings at our U.S. hubs (Sunnyvale, Peachtree Corners)  
and our Mexicali site are pursuing LEED platinum certification. In 
Europe, our Freiburg office is poised to attain DGNB gold status, 
our new building in Aubonne aligns with Minergie certification, and 
our construction in Bulgaria is tracking with LEED gold status. The 
certification levels targeted for these projects are subject to change. 

Sustainability features across construction projects 
In many of our buildings, we have integrated these  
sustainable features:

•  Renewable energy production 

•  Building-level energy metering 

•  Optimized energy performance 

•  Heat island reduction 

•  Indoor and outdoor water use reduction 

•  Building-level water metering 

•  Rainwater management

Harnessing earth’s heat 
At our Georgia manufacturing 
facility, slated for completion in 2024, 
we will leverage geothermal energy 
as a renewable and clean power 
source. At our Sunnyvale campus, 
we use thermal energy storage tanks 
to enhance energy efficiency.  

Our Peachtree Corners West building 
is designed to save 16% more energy 
through LED lighting and efficient 
HVAC systems, use 93% less water 
through cooling tower usage, and 
eliminate potable water use in building 
operations through efficient system 
design and rainwater reclamation.

At our Mexicali facility, we’ve 
implemented energy-efficiency 
measures within our waste processing 
operations, which align with current 
industry standards and regulations.

•  Native/adaptable plants 

Utilizing native and adaptable plant species in our  
outdoor landscapes, reducing water demand, and  
enhancing ecosystem resilience.

•  Eliminating construction waste 

We prioritize recycling and salvaging non-hazardous construction 
waste materials to ensure that we are using resources efficiently 
during construction. During construction of our Peachtree Corners 
West building, we diverted 96% of waste from landfills, surpassing 
the typical 75% diversion target for projects of this kind.

•  Laptop recycling  

When our U.S.-based employees turn in functional laptops, we 
donate them to Tech Exchange. Leading up to 2023, over the past 
three years, we donated over 1,100 laptops, which Tech Exchange 
uses to bridge the digital divide, providing computers, internet 
access, and essential technology skills to those in need.

Water efficiency  
Our facilities are designed to maximize water efficiency, and include: 

•  Non-potable water usage 

•  Low-flow fixtures  

Incorporating low-flow plumbing fixtures throughout  
facilities to minimize water consumption.

•  Advanced metering  

Integrating advanced metering systems to monitor and manage 
water usage, ensuring optimal efficiency.

•  Certified appliances  

Installing Energy Star and WaterSense certified appliances, 
guaranteeing water usage optimization and reduced  
environmental impact.

•  Smart outdoor design 

Designing ecosystems for our outdoor spaces that are  
water-conscious, thus reducing the need for irrigation.

Deploying non-potable water sources for landscape  
irrigation when appropriate.

•  Greywater and rainwater retention 

Implementing greywater and rainwater retention systems  
into our Peachtree Corners, GA site design, contributing  
to sustainable water management.

See Appendix I for additional details 
on the sustainable features. 

•  Cooling tower water use 

•  Storage and collection of recyclables

•  Building product disclosure and optimization

•  Electric vehicle charging 

•  Indoor air quality  

•  Biophilic design 

•  Enhanced refrigerant management 

•  Interior lighting management

•  Light pollution reduction 

•  Enhanced commissioning 

•  Sensitive land protection 

•  Construction and demolition waste management

Reducing waste, increasing recycling 
Our in-house recycling program managed over 800 lbs. of proprietary 
waste in 2023, achieving a recycling rate of 100% and a carbon 
reduction of 1,644 MT CO2e.

•  Hazardous waste  

We are committed to the monitoring and tracking of hazardous 
waste generation and disposal within our organization. Intuitive 
maintains hazardous waste archives spanning three years, 
encompassing sources and disposal destinations. These records are 
regularly maintained and subject to regular audits conducted by 
the California Unified Program Agency (CUPA). 

•  Minimizing food waste  

We’re minimizing food waste by optimizing inventory management, 
tracking data on employee consumption patterns, and fostering 
employee awareness. Over the past year, we have reduced an 
average of 6.6% in food waste at certain U.S. sites. 

 CONTENTS

31

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

We have reduced the plastic 
weight in packaging by 
approximately 58% for our Xi 
Stapling Reloads, by approximately 
58% for Xi High Flow Seal, and 
approximately 21% less for Xi 
eDrape, per stock-keeping unit 
(SKU). Moving forward, we will 
continue to work to reduce use of 
plastics in packaging.

Another advantage of 
packaging densification is 
increased efficiency in ethylene 
oxide sterilization, a highly 
regulated process by which 
many medical devices are 
sterilized to ensure patient 
safety. With packaging 
densification, we can maximize 
the number of devices sterilized 
at a given time.

See Appendix J for information on 
our employee programs geared at 
environmental sustainability and 
awareness.

*  Paper IFUs are available on request
†
  Carbon inventory numbers have a one-year 
reporting lag. Data from 2023 will be assured 
and reported in the 2024 ESG report.

Environmental considerations for our products 
We strive to minimize the environmental impact and increase the 
circularity of our products and packaging.  

Component circularity 
For more than a decade, we’ve adhered to a policy of refurbishing 
or repurposing returned components and systems. We recycle 
parts from retired da Vinci Si systems, with approximately 95% of 
surgeon console components, approximately 55% of patient side cart 
components, and roughly 5% of vision side cart components used 
in da Vinci X systems. Additionally, in the U.S., we use collapsible, 
reusable containers and corrugated totes, ensuring instrument 
protection during transit. 

Packaging 
Our packaging engineering team conducts regular reviews 
of packaging designs to identify opportunities for packaging 
densification, reduced material thickness (downgauging), and 
improved recyclability. The team also participates in Kilmer 
Innovations in Packaging (KiiP), a collaborative industry initiative 
dedicated to advancing sustainable packaging for the betterment  
of patient outcomes and clinician satisfaction.

Enhancing packaging densification 
Our packaging design engineering team advances our packaging 
densification efforts. This involves optimizing the spatial arrangement 
of our products within the packaging and on pallets, while preserving 
device functionality and sterility. These efforts minimize packaging 
material and waste for us and our customers. Ultimately, we aim to 
create more efficient pallet designs, enabling us to fit more packages 
on a single shipping pallet and reduce the number of shipments.  

Reducing material thickness and improving recyclability  
We’re examining our suppliers’ product portfolios to pinpoint  
mono-material packaging options suitable for sterile barriers.  
Mono-materials offer recyclers clean waste streams, allowing  
for mechanical recycling or advanced recycling methods that 
promote circularity.

Transitioning to electronic instructions for use 
In July 2022, we received approval to use electronic instructions 
for use (eIFUs) instead of paper manuals for the X/Xi P10 software 
update in the U.S.* This makes the latest IFU content available to 
customers anywhere, anytime. In 2023, we introduced eIFUs forthe 
P11 software update for da Vinci X/Xi and the P5 software update 
for da Vinci SP in 18 countries. The transition to eIFUs diverted 
approximately 102,000 lbs. of paper waste from landfills, saving over 
$2.9 million in costs in 2023 alone. We are working to expand the eIFU 
program to additional countries and products.

Responsible procurement policy  
We encourage employees to prioritize environmentally preferred 
products when they meet our business criteria, offer comparable 
value, and maintain our quality, performance, and compliance 
standards. 

Environmental regulatory compliance 
We are dedicated to policies and practices that minimize negative 
impacts to the environment. Our Environmental Policy outlines our 
approach.

Environmental Management System  
Our commitment to environmental responsibility is exemplified 
through our ISO 14001 certification, a globally recognized benchmark 
for effective Environmental Management Systems (EMS). By 

establishing clear objectives, processes, and procedures, an EMS 
seeks to minimize negative environmental effects, enhance resource 
efficiency, achieve regulatory compliance, and promote sustainable 
practices throughout our value chain. To date, most of our 
operations are certified to the ISO 14001 standard.  

EMS audits stimulate continuous improvement and play a crucial 
role in maintaining the integrity of our environmental management 
efforts. That is why we conduct annual internal and external audits. 
In 2023, we successfully completed two external audits in Mexicali 
and Sunnyvale, with the participation of over 150 employees. The 
audits yielded no critical or major findings and acknowledged 
strengths in employee awareness and training.

Regulated materials management 
Our procedures manage materials, parts, and sub-assemblies in 
compliance-regulated materials requirements, including those 
directed at conflict minerals. 

Review our Conflict Minerals Policy 
Statement for additional information.

Read our conflict minerals report 
filed annually with the SEC.

Environmental sustainability metrics

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions (MT CO2e)

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions (MT CO2e)

Indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions (MT CO2e)

Combined scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions (MT CO2e)

Waste collected and recycled (lbs.)

GHG reduced through recycling (MT CO2e)

2019

2020

-

-

-

-

247.07+

344.45

376.02+

498.95

-

-

-

-

2021

7,410

18,578

479,086

505,075

535.77+

996.37+

2022

7,045

21,338

463,262

491,645

543.77+ 

1,092

2023

In progress†

In progress†

In progress†

In progress†

808

1,644

 CONTENTS

32

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Governance and 
transparency

We approach governance through clear 
policies and procedures that uphold 
our values, manage risk, and maintain 
shareholder trust. 

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

33

GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY

Corporate governance 

Board of directors  
Our board of directors* is responsible for reviewing corporate strategy, 
overseeing senior management and selecting the CEO, assessing 
risk management effectiveness, and protecting the interests of 
shareholders and other stakeholders. Its oversight responsibility 
involves a variety of economic, environmental, and social factors.

We value inclusion and diversity at all levels of the organization. 
Our board includes leaders with broad and diverse experience in 
areas including management of large global entities, technology 
and innovation leadership, and healthcare experience, including 

surgeon, clinician, and healthcare administration perspectives. When 
evaluating our board’s composition, we consider candidates who 
bring deep knowledge and experience in their fields, possess unique 
business skills, and provide diverse perspectives.

We are committed to having a board that includes people from a 
wide range of backgrounds. Currently, five of our 12 board members 
(42%) are women. We have four members (33%) who self-identify as 
Hispanic, Middle Eastern/Asian, and/or African American.

See our latest proxy statement filed 
with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission for more information 
about our governance structures and 
board charters.

Gary Guthart, PhD
Chief Executive Officer  
Intuitive

Craig H. Barratt, PhD
Chairman, Board of Directors 
Intuitive

Joseph C. Beery
Chief Executive Officer  
LunaPBC Inc.

Amal M. Johnson
Former Executive Chairman 
Author-it Software Corporation

Don R. Kania, PhD
Former CEO and President 
FEI Company

Sreelakshmi Kolli
EVP and Chief Digital Officer 
Align Technology, Inc.

Amy L. Ladd, MD
Stanford University  
Medical Center

Keith R. Leonard, Jr.
Unity Biotechnology, Inc. 
Chairman

Alan J. Levy, PhD
Former Chairman and CEO 
Chrono Therapeutics, Inc.

Jami Dover Nachtsheim
Former CVP of Sales and 
Marketing Group 
Intel Corporation

Monica P. Reed, MD
Former CMO, SVP, and 
AdventHealth Celebration CEO 
AdventHealth

Mark J. Rubash
Former Strategic Advisor 
Eventbrite, Inc.

*  Except for our chief executive officer, Gary 
Guthart, all directors are independent as 
defined by the NASDAQ Stock Market listing 
requirements.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023

 CONTENTS

34

GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY

Governance and Nominating Committee 
The Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for 
corporate governance and compliance matters and the nomination 
of the members of the board, the lead director (if applicable), and 
committees thereof. In addition, the Governance and Nominating 
Committee reviews and assesses Intuitive’s performance on 
environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and other related 
matters. Each year, management reports to the Governance and 
Nominating Committee on sustainability priorities, progress, and 
future plans. 

Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee assists the board in its general oversight of our 
financial reporting, internal controls, and audit functions. It is directly 
responsible for the appointment, compensation, and oversight 
of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. 
The committee also oversees many aspects of risk management, 
including but not limited to guidelines and procedures to govern 
the risk management processes; disclosure controls and procedures; 
principal financial, regulatory, privacy, compliance, and cybersecurity 
risk exposures; and the steps undertaken to assess and address them.

Compensation Committee 
Comprised of independent directors, the Compensation Committee 
oversees the company’s strategies relating to our human capital 
management function, as outlined in our policy statement. Oversight 
includes, but is not limited to pay equity, inclusion initiatives, employee 
engagement and diversity, compensation for executive officers, and 
ensuring compliance with SEC regulations.

ESG-related management forums   
ESG review board 
Guided by our corporate mission, the ESG review board oversees 
long-term company ESG initiatives. The ESG review board is 
comprised of cross-functional senior leadership across key business 
functions and the c-suite. The board includes our Chief Medical 
Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, VP People 
Experience and Inclusion and Diversity, EVP & Chief Strategy and 
Corporate Operations Officer, VP Global Public Affairs, and EVP 
Global Business Services (GBS), who chairs the ESG review board. Our 
ESG management group reports to our EVP of GBS, a direct report to 
the CEO. The EVP of GBS and our General Counsel both have direct 
interactions with our board  
of directors. 

Inclusion and Diversity Council 
Our senior leaders, I&D Council, and VP People Experience and I&D 
regularly review quantitative and qualitative measures of our I&D 

performance. We track progress by measuring fairness, pay equity, 
engagement, and diversity across all levels of our organization, 
surveying employees about perceptions of their Intuitive work 
experience and encouraging employee involvement in I&D 
community-building initiatives. Our employee workforce diversity 
data, including our U.S. EEO-1 report, is published on our website. 
Our employee experience survey includes questions about belonging, 
commitment to I&D, fairness, and career development. 

Compliance Committee  
Our Compliance Committee oversees Intuitive’s activities with 
respect to the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to our 
businesses and ensures the company’s reputation and integrity is 
protected. It is led by our General Counsel and Chief Compliance 
Officer and is responsible for the development, implementation, 
maintenance, and administration of our compliance programs. The 
committee meets quarterly (and more frequently as needed), and 
oversees our codes, policies, training and education requirements, 

standards, ComplianceLine hotline, investigations, and corrective 
actions. It ensures that compliance risks or alleged violations are 
appropriately evaluated, escalated, and addressed. The committee 
regularly reports to our Audit Committee.

Learn more about our guidelines, 
bylaws, and charters.

Cybersecurity oversight  
Our senior executive leaders hold quarterly reviews of our information 
and product security and brief the board of directors several times a 
year. We work with external third-party experts to monitor our security 
measures and detect potential security issues. Our incident-response 
team identifies, investigates, and closes gaps to minimize risk in the 
instance that a vulnerability or breach is detected. 

 CONTENTS

35

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY

Management systems 
Management systems provide a structured framework for 
planning, implementing, monitoring, and continually improving 
our processes and operations. These systems enable us to 
enhance efficiency, reduce risks, ensure compliance, and foster  
a culture of innovation. 

Quality Management System 
Our quality teams drive continuous improvement through our 
Quality Management System (QMS). Our QMS is International 
Standards Organization (ISO) 13485:2016 certified and complies 
with the Medical Device Single Audit Program requirements and 
other global regulations. It consists of a quality manual and 
procedures that contain specific responsibilities for establishing, 
implementing, and maintaining our QMS. Monitoring our QMS 
includes setting and tracking quality goals and metrics, quality 
data management reviews, internal and external audits, and 
corrective and preventive actions. We regularly evaluate and 
sharpen our quality management procedures and processes to 
help our internal auditors be responsive and agile in performing 
holistic reviews, internally identifying issues, and taking 
appropriate actions to improve over time. 

Information Security Management 
Our Information Security Management System encompasses 
information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection, and  
is certified to the ISO 27001:2022 standard. 

Environmental Management System 
We work under an Environmental Management System (EMS) 
framework based on the ISO 14001:2015 standard to define 
objectives, monitor progress, and integrate sustainability 
into our decision-making. Our EMS provides a standardized 
documentation structure, enhancing our ability to track 
sustainability goals and ensuring greater predictability and 
reliability in project results. In 2023, we attained a 98% 
completion rate for our employee EMS course.

Our Environmental Policy 
for Intuitive facilities 
As part of our ESG work, we pursue 
strategies to mitigate our impact on 
the environment, prevent pollution, and 
protect the environment. We ensure 
compliance with laws, regulations, and 
other obligations while managing the 
life cycle of our products, solutions, and 
services in an environmentally responsible 
manner. Our Environmental Policy is 
implemented through a comprehensive 
environmental management system 
where our performance is continually 
monitored, reviewed, and improved.

Our Quality Policy 
We provide high-quality, safe, and effective products 
and services to our customers. We achieve this 
with a ‘patients first always’ mindset, an effective 
quality management system, and a commitment 
to compliance and continuous improvement. We 
strive for excellence through regular reviews of 
our products and systems to ensure they meet 
customer needs and comply with all applicable global 
regulatory requirements. Every Intuitive employee has 
ownership of quality and contributes to the continued 
improvement of what we do.

Quality Improvement Plan 
Providing high-quality products and services that our 
customers and their patients can trust is everyone’s 
job at Intuitive. In 2023, we embarked on an evolution 
of our QMS, taking a cross-functional approach to 
simplifying our processes and building a best-in-class 
quality system for the complex, global organization 
we are today and that will scale for the future. Our 
Quality Improvement Plan looks broadly at people, 
processes, and tools for opportunities to streamline 
and improve our Quality Management System.

 CONTENTS

36

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY

Ethical business conduct 
We believe that every employee is responsible for managing  
our company’s reputation by acting ethically and with integrity,  
as guided by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

of Business Conduct and Ethics. We issue periodic reminders to 
employees of their obligation to raise concerns related to ethics  
and compliance via the ComplianceLine and other channels.

The ComplianceLine hotline is staffed by an independent 
organization and is available 24 hours-a-day, 7 days-a-week. Callers 
can choose to remain anonymous and will be provided with a 
reference number that can be used for follow-up. Intuitive takes any 
reports of suspected ethical or compliance violations seriously. If you 
have a concern, please make a report online at MyComplianceReport 
(ID: INTS) or through the toll-free number 1-844-223-4166. Reporting 
and investigation summaries are provided quarterly to our 
Compliance Committee.  

Tax transparency 
We support strong corporate governance and financial transparency. 
Our Global Tax Policy Statement is just one aspect of this, and 
outlines our tax transparency guidelines.

Managing accurate and compliant promotion of our products 
Our sales and marketing practices align with industry standards and 
regulations, ensuring the accurate and compliant promotion of our 
products. 

Advertising and promotion reviews 
Our advertising and promotion materials undergo rigorous review 
and approval, including claims for use, safety, and performance. 
All materials conform to U.S. Food and Drug Administration and 
international regulatory requirements, with truthful, accurate, and 
substantiated content.

Training for sales and marketing teams 
Customer-facing employees, including sales and marketing teams, 
complete our clinical and sales program, ensuring technical expertise, 
clinical knowledge, and ethical practices in engaging with healthcare 
professionals. Completion of these programs is mandatory for 
employment.

Transparency  
Intuitive makes annual disclosure of all payments to healthcare 
professionals through the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services Open Payments database.

We engage and educate employees on ethics in a variety of ways, 
including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, annual review 
process, employee training, and communications. Our formal 
disclosure document outlines the requirements and processes used 
to maintain the highest standards of business conduct can be found 
here, and is available in English, French, German, Spanish, Korean, 
Japanese, and Chinese. 

Anti-bribery, anti-corruption training, and transparency 
We abide by all anti-bribery laws in the countries in which we operate. 
This position is reflected in our policies and contracts with distributors 
and suppliers, who must comply with applicable anti-bribery and anti-
corruption laws and regulations as a condition of our contracts.

Internal controls 
To help monitor compliance by the third parties with whom we 
conduct business, we perform periodic audits for compliance with 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Moreover, we continually 
review and  refine our internal controls, including strengthening 
training and certification requirements of third parties with whom  
we work. 

Compliance training 
Our compliance training and policies on anti-bribery, anti-corruption, 
and ethical business conduct are regularly reviewed and updated. 
Training on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available 
in seven languages and covers our expectations and requirements 
regarding inclusion and diversity, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, 
harassment and discrimination prevention, and managing data and 
data privacy.  

We require all global employees to complete compliance training at 
the time of hire, annually, or as local regulations require, and each 
employee must demonstrate knowledge through an end-of-course 
assessment.

Intuitive compliance hotline 
We expect our workforce to act ethically and with integrity at all 
times. Our ComplianceLine hotline helps sustain this strong culture 
of compliance. It provides a path for all employees, contractors, 
customers, vendors, third-party agencies, and others to report 
any concern or suspected violation of the company’s policies for 
accounting, human resources, internal controls, or auditing matters, 
U.S. or foreign laws, rules, regulations, or ethics—including our Code 

See our Supplier Code of 
Conduct for more details.

Read our ethical marketing 
disclosure.

See Appendix K for our 
corporate policies, statements, 
and certificates. 

 CONTENTS

37

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023GOVERNANCE AND TRANSPARENCY

Information security 
Intuitive is committed to protecting any information with which we 
are entrusted by our employees, customers, or other stakeholders. 
In compliance with medical device regulations, our cybersecurity 
systems and processes adhere to global industry standards based on 
the National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST) and Health 
Information Trust Alliance (HITRUST) guidelines. Our information 
security management system is certified to the ISO 27001 framework. 
Throughout the product lifecycle, from initial concept through end-
of-life disposal, we pay careful attention to data types and flow, 
encryption mapping, and risk controls. 

We reinforce protection by staying informed on emerging threats 
and performing aggressive testing, continuous proactive monitoring, 
and ongoing vulnerability analysis and patch deployment. Our 
multilayered approach to protecting data and systems includes: 

•  Mandatory employee training on security policies, data protection, 

and security awareness

•  Review of risk notifications provided by global threat intelligence 

resources followed by appropriate action as required

•  Remote-access protection to control access to our network, 

applications, and data 

•  Advanced cyber threat management technology tools

•  Privacy and data protection for virtual meetings and collaboration 

activities

Information security training program  
All employees receive annual and ongoing training on information 
security policy and related topics, including phishing exercises and 
global data privacy laws. We offer on-demand continuing education 
courses on information security and business process alignment.

Clinical evidence programs and standards    
Our global clinical affairs function consists of medical doctors, 
biomedical engineers, public health scientists, clinical researchers, 
data scientists, biostatisticians, medical writers, and other experts 
who provide robust, streamlined scientific value for our technologies 
and products. The clinical affairs team is responsible for strategic 
planning and scientific direction for evidentiary support of 
technology adoption and access, enabling informed healthcare 
decisions. 

Our clinical affairs team supports early feasibility research, studies for 
product approvals, and post-approval studies such as observational 
studies, outcomes research, real-world evidence studies, and 
clinical registries across all Intuitive technologies. These categories 
of evidence creation and curation comply with various national 
and international regulations and guidelines, including but not 
limited to: Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Title 21*, ISO 14155:2020, 
Council Directive 93/42/ECC, General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR), and European Medical Device Directive. Our clinical research 
initiatives are available to all eligible patients, determined by 
criteria including the patient’s disease condition, health status, and 
other factors such as the ability to fulfill study-related follow-up 
requirements. All applicable clinical trials are registered and updated 
on applicable local and regional clinical trial registration databases, 
such as ClinicalTrials.gov.

Publication of results and data transparency  
We value scientific integrity and are committed to publishing 
all research results in an objective and scientific manner. The 
manuscripts and abstracts generated from clinical evidence 
initiatives supported by Intuitive are based on study design and 
analyses plans and the scientific datasets follow International 
Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) guidelines, as per the 
agreed-upon terms in the clinical trial agreements. The vast majority 
of the peer-reviewed literature is published independently of Intuitive. 

Governance and transparency metrics 

Women representation: board of directors

People of color representation: board

Completion rate for all QMS compliance-related training 

EMS training completion rate

2019

30%

10%

-

-

2020

30%

20%

>99%

2021

36%

27%

>99%

-

-

2022

36%

27%

>98%

99%

2023

42%

33%

>98%

98%

*  Parts 11, 21, 50, 54, 56

 CONTENTS

38

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Appendices

 CONTENTS

39

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023APPENDICES

Important safety information 
Serious complications may occur in any surgery, including surgery using the da Vinci 
system, up to and including death. Examples of serious or life-threatening complications, 
which may require prolonged and/or unexpected hospitalization and/or reoperation, 
include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: injury to tissues/organs, 
bleeding, infection and internal scarring that can cause long-lasting dysfunction/pain. 

Risks specific to minimally invasive surgery, including surgery using the da Vinci system, 
include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: temporary pain/nerve injury 
associated with positioning; a longer operative time, the need to convert to an open 
approach, or the need for additional or larger incision sites. Converting the procedure 
could result in a longer operative time, a longer time under anesthesia, and could lead 
to increased complications. Contraindications applicable to the use of conventional 
endoscopic instruments also apply to the use of all da Vinci instruments. 

For important safety information, indications for use, risks, full cautions and warnings 
please also refer to www.intuitive.com/safety. 

Individuals’ outcomes may depend on a number of factors, including but not limited  
to patient characteristics, disease characteristics and/or surgeon experience. 

Da Vinci SimNow  
The da Vinci SimNow is intended to augment, not replace, existing training programs  
for the da Vinci surgical systems. 

Product training disclaimer  
Intuitive only trains on the use of the da Vinci surgical system. The information provided 
during Intuitive training is not intended to substitute for formal medical training or 
certification. Intuitive is in no way responsible for surgical credentialing or training in 
surgical procedure or technique, nor are the training programs provided by Intuitive a 
replacement for hospital credentialing requirements. All curricula described are subject 
to change depending on available resources, as well as on the needs of the course 
participants. 

Some of the training described may be provided by organizations or entities other than 
Intuitive, and Intuitive is not responsible for the content of these programs. Surgeon 
proctors are independent contractors. The listed prices are for services rendered by the 
independent surgeon proctors. A list of surgeon proctors can be provided upon request. 

Intuitive does not train on surgical procedures or techniques, nor does it take 
responsibility for proctoring services provided by the independent surgeon proctors. 
The hospital/surgeon purchases the proctoring service as part of training they have 
independently determined to be part of their credentialing requirement; Intuitive’s role 
is merely to coordinate between the hospital/surgeon and the proctor. The proctors and 
the hospital/surgeon are always free to negotiate with each other directly. 

Product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical or their 
respective owners. See www.intuitive.com/trademarks.

 CONTENTS

40

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023APPENDICES

Appendix A  
Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 

Section 1: 
Climate-related governance 
a)  Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related tasks  

and opportunities 

The Governance and Nominating Committee of the board of 
directors oversees our Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG) strategy. The Audit Committee of the board of directors 
oversees the assessment and mitigation activities associated with 
our overall company risks, in accordance with the Audit Committee 
Charter. The Governance and Nominating Committee and Audit 
Committee report to the overall board of directors on these topics. 

The image below depicts the decision system for climate-related 
financial risk assessment and management at Intuitive.  

•  The arrows signify communication flow. 

•  The blue boxes signify decision making bodies. 

•  The green boxes signify teams preparing content.

•  The grey boxes signify implementation ownership.  

Intuitive decision framework on climate-related 
risk governance and management 

Intuitive Board of Directors

Board of Directors, Goverance 
and Nominating Committee

Board of Directors, 
Audit Committee

ESG Review Board 
(Internal Executive Committee)

Functions: 
Supply Chain 
Risk  
Management 

(Organization: 
Global Business 
Services)

Head of ESG 
ESG Team 
(Organization: 
Global Business 
Services)

Functions: 
Internal Audit 

(Organization: 
Finance)

of their impact and likelihood. The output of this assessment is 
used to design the Internal Audit Plan for the coming year. 

functional program and initiative development, implementation, 
and assessment, and ESG acts as a conduit between groups. 

The Governance and Nominating Committee of 
Intuitive’s board of directors meets quarterly, and 
reviews ESG topics at least twice a year. 

•  Sustainability and ESG topics are guided by a formal agenda 
recommended by the Head of ESG and approved by the ESG 
review board Chair (Executive Vice President of Global Business 
Services). The topics are also reviewed and aligned with the General 
Counsel and ESG review board. Typical agenda topics include 
climate policies, practices, and priorities related to monitoring 
and managing our carbon footprint, reporting requirements, 
climate-related goals, progress on social responsibility programs, 
environmental regulations, and a host of other governance items. 

In addition, annually, the internal audit team conducts 
an assessment of corporate risks, which may include 
ESG-related risks, and presents those risks and related 
overview responsibilities to the Audit Committee. 

•  The Head of ESG ensures that ESG-related risks are noted, 

and that, as appropriate, plans are created to mitigate such 
risks. The Head of ESG also reports such risks and mitigation 
plans to the Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Ultimately, the ESG team is directly responsible for collecting, 
reporting, and monitoring sustainability and ESG activities, risks, 
and management actions while regularly briefing and aligning 
with the ESG review board and Governance and Nominating 
Committee on these items. The ESG team is also responsible 
for the company’s annual ESG Report and other ESG reporting. 
Management is responsible for the execution of sustainability 
and ESG activities, risk identification, and mitigation (see 
management section below in 1B for additional details).

For more information about our governance structures and 
board charters, please see our latest proxy statement filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (sec.gov).   

b)  Describe management’s role in assessing and 

managing climate-related risks and opportunities.  

•  Opportunity development: The ESG function works collaboratively 

and cross-functionally to measure and monitor environmental, 
social, and governance matters and develop opportunities 
for ESG risk mitigation, including those for climate risks.

º   Our ESG team includes specialists in carbon management, 

environmental regulations, regulated materials, ESG 
metrics, and reporting. Key areas of work for the ESG 
team include carbon footprint assessment, carbon 
plan and goals, overall climate risks to company, social 
responsibility initiatives, and communicating with 
internal and external stakeholders, including regulatory 
agencies, customers, employees, and shareholders. Key 
business collaborators on climate risk assessment include 
financial services, legal, internal audit, risk management, 
supply chain, product operations, regulatory, facilities 
management, workplace services, and investor relations.    

º   The Head of ESG is directly responsible for developing 
and monitoring our ESG activities and creating and 
executing plans toward climate-related goals and 
other reporting metrics. The Head of ESG’s annual 
performance goals are tied to this responsibility.

•  Review: Intuitive’s ESG review board is comprised of cross functional 

senior leadership from across key business functions. The board 
includes our Chief Medical Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial 
Officer, Vice President People Operations, Executive Vice President 
& Chief Strategy and Corporate Operations Officer, Vice President 
of Global Public Affairs, Senior Vice President & General Manager 
EU Commercial and Marketing, and Executive Vice President of 
Global Business Services (GBS) who chairs the ESG review board. 
The EVP of GBS is also the supervisor to Head of ESG, and directly 
reports to the CEO. The EVP of GBS and the General Counsel 
fulfills the function to connect ESG to the CEO and reporting 
to the Governance and Nominating Committee twice a year.

Climate risks are identified by individual functions and then 
collated by the ESG team. The management functions and teams 
listed on this page perform various activities that help aid in the 
assessment, development, review of climate-related risks, and 
implementation of mitigation strategies. These groups work 
together on cross-functional program and initiative development, 
and the Head of ESG acts as a conduit between groups.

•  Risk Assessment: Our internal audit team performs an annual 
risk assessment to help identify significant risks to the company 
and develops a related annual internal audit plan. This process 
begins by identifying risks through interviews with leaders 
across the organization and then ranking those risks in terms 

Opportunity implementation: Key business partners on climate 
risk assessment at Intuitive include finance, legal, internal 
audit, risk management, supply chain, product operations, 
regulatory, facilities management and workplace services, and 
investor relations. Intuitive’s internal audit team, in conjunction 
with subject matter experts across the company, performs an 
annual risk assessment to help identify and manage company 
risks. Risks, including climate-related risks, are assessed and 
prioritized based on impact and likelihood. This informs practical 
actions and resourcing associated with addressing/mitigating 
these risks. All management functions aid in the assessment, 
development, review of climate-related risks, and implementation 
of mitigation strategies. These groups work together on cross-

Compliance Committee: The cross-functional Compliance 
Committee oversees Intuitive’s compliance with applicable laws, 
including those related to ESG. It is led by our General Counsel and 
Chief Compliance Officer and is responsible for the development, 
implementation, maintenance, and administration of our 
compliance programs. The committee meets quarterly (and more 
frequently as needed), and oversees our codes, policies, training 
and education requirements, standards, ComplianceLine hotline, 
investigations, and corrective actions. It ensures that compliance 
risks or alleged violations are appropriately evaluated, escalated, and 
addressed. The committee regularly reports to our Audit Committee.  

Section 2: 
Climate-related strategy   
a)  Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, medium, and  
long term. 

Climate related risks  
Short term: (0-3 years):
•  Physical risk from extreme weather patterns: Extreme weather 
presents a risk to operations at Intuitive site locations as well as 
direct and indirect material suppliers. The threat of hurricanes, 
wildfires, or severe weather all have the capacity to disrupt 
critical supply chain elements. We expect these extreme weather 
events will increase both in severity and frequency and remain a 
medium- and long-term risk to Intuitive. In the U.S., our operations 
and suppliers are subject to risk of hurricanes, drought, wildfire 
smoke, and air quality issues. In Europe, our regional offices are 
susceptible to extreme weather (cold); and in Mexicali, our location 
is susceptible to extreme weather (heat) and drought.    

•   Supply chain production capacity risk from regulations in supply 
chain: New and/or stronger air quality and emissions standards 
present potential challenges to our supply chain. These regulations 
may require direct and/or indirect material suppliers to reduce or 
even halt production on certain high-emission products to ensure 
compliance. This presents a risk to our supply chain if the sourcing 
of this product/component is constrained or sourced from a single 
source, particularly acute for sterilization suppliers in California.

•  Financial risk from increased raw materials costs and subsequent 

pressure on profit margins caused by climate-related factors 
(energy cost): There are a variety of upward pressures on cost and 
margins stemming from climate-related factors. Energy costs have 
increased greatly recently, leading to significant uplifts in the cost 
of raw materials, transportation, and general operations. These 
costs must be either absorbed into margins or passed to the end 
customer, which presents a cascading effect through our entire 
supply chain.

 CONTENTS

41

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
 
APPENDICES

•  Market risk driven by changing investor and customer behavior 

attributed to perceived climate risk: Some investors and customers 
are placing new or increasing emphasis on climate-related 
considerations when doing business. An example of this includes 
the expectation of carbon reduction initiatives and associated 
disclosures. Investors and customers are increasingly adding 
climate-risk and climate mitigation as one of their decision criteria. 
If we cannot meet investor expectations, we may face challenges 
accessing capital and/or share value could decline.

Medium to long term: (3-25 years) 
Additional risks in the medium to long term are:

•  Competitive risk from new market entrants that employ carbon 
or climate initiatives that change or shift customer preferences: 
As new market entrants continue to emerge into the robotic-
assisted surgical space, customer behavior has the potential to be 
influenced by our carbon and/or climate initiatives and disclosures.

•  Operational risk from new or emerging carbon pricing 

regulations in our direct operations and in our supply chain: 
New or emerging regulatory requirements may impact our ability 
to source materials used in our products, as well as impact the cost 
of materials.

Climate-related opportunities  
Short term: 
•  In 2023, we evaluated opportunities to reduce our carbon footprint 
over the long term, taking into consideration our mission, strategy, 
and priorities. We focus on areas that improve our carbon footprint 
while improving operational efficiency and reducing cost. Areas for 
consideration could include use of renewable energy, transportation 
of product via more energy efficient means, and changes in certain 
product packaging to reduce plastic and paper use. These efforts 
may reduce our operating cost, while increasing the value of fixed 
assets, benefitting our workforce, and reducing our exposure to 
future fossil fuel price increases. 

•  We have expanded our climate-related disclosures by responding to 
the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which enhances our ability to 
respond to investor and customer inquiries. 

Medium and long term:
•  We have adopted an integrated campus approach, where we can 
co-locate certain functions, including manufacturing, engineering, 
commercial operations, customer and sales training, and various 
administrative areas. Co-locating our teams into these hubs, 
located in geographies where we can support our customers locally, 
can help reduce our environmental impact and create efficiencies 
in supply chain access, customer training and support, and 
customer service. The build out of these campuses is a multiyear 
effort that began in 2020. 

•  We have identified several medium- and long-term climate-related 
opportunities, which may reduce emissions and improve overall 
supply chain resiliency, efficiency, and cost. These opportunities 
could involve product design and sourcing initiatives that address 
both proactive climate initiatives and sustainability and climate 
risks. These opportunities require multiyear plans and must be done 
in the context of our mission, strategy, and priorities.  

•  Operations (energy): Impacts of climate-related risks include 
leveraging more sustainable energy sources to power business 
operations (part of our carbon plan). This includes considerations 
around the most efficient means of logistics/transportation, using 
renewable energy sources such as solar to power buildings, and 
looking to reduce dependencies on high carbon energy sources 
throughout the supply chain.

b)  Describe the impact of climate-related risks and  

opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy,  
and financial planning. 

Impact of climate-related risks on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning: 
We measure value creation through our customers’ lenses and in 
alignment with our goal of delivering on the Quadruple Aim: better 
clinical outcomes, improved patient experiences, improved care 
team experiences, and lower total cost to treat per patient episode. 
Within this context, improvements in operating efficiency and cost 
reduction are critical to better serve our company and customers. 
The impact of climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated 
in our growth strategy and financial planning. For example, our 
board of directors and executive team focus on emissions reduction 
opportunities that also enhance operating efficiency and cost 
reduction over the long term. At functional levels of the company, 
specific projects are being carried out across global teams to 
investigate dual sourcing, low-cost manufacturing, and supply chain 
resilience opportunities that may inform the product design and 
manufacturing process in the long run.

We understand that: 
•  For products and services: Climate change risks will potentially 
impact Intuitive products and services in a variety of ways, such 
as: supply chain disruptions, financial pressure from increased costs 
of raw materials and energy, regulatory risks, and severe climate-
related weather events. This could present challenges to customers 
in the form of product availability and price competitiveness. 

•  Supply chain/direct and indirect sourcing: We manage a highly 
complex supply chain which is subject to climate-related risks. 
These risks include regulatory risks which could impact production 
capacity of suppliers, physical risks from climate-related extreme/
adverse weather events, and/or financial risks from increased 
raw materials and energy costs. These risks could also present 
challenges in the company’s ability to source and manufacture 
products to meet customer demand.

•  Facilities and manufacturing physical footprint: We have a 
global corporate and manufacturing footprint across a global 
network of key collaborators. The decisions to build or move 
facilities or operations will be impacted by climate-related risks  
and will take into consideration the mitigation of these risks.

Impact of climate-related opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planning: 
In 2023, we created a carbon plan that seeks to deliver a 
decarbonization target, set in alignment with industry standard 
carbon reduction setting principles. In the plan, detailed carbon 
mitigation are identified and tracked. 

c)  Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking 

into consideration different climate-related scenarios, 
including a 2°C or lower scenario.

In 2023, we completed a full scope (scopes 1, 2, and 3) Greenhouse 
Gas (GHG) carbon inventory, as disclosed on page 28 of this report. 
Scopes 1, 2, and 3 for 2022 have completed the validation process.   

Section 3: 
Climate-related risk management 
Disclose how we identify, assess, and manage  
climate-related risks. 

3a)  Describe the organization’s processes for identifying  

and assessing climate-related risks. 

This was addressed in 1A and 1B. Additional details for the key 
management functions are elaborated below. To summarize, climate 
risks are identified by individual functions (see below) and then 
collated by the ESG team. The ESG team regularly briefs and aligns 
with the ESG review board and board of directors’ committees on 
these items. The ESG team is also responsible for external reporting 
of the company’s ESG activities. Management is responsible for the 
execution of sustainability and ESG activities, risk identification, and 
mitigation. In addition, several groups help fine-tune approaches to 
address any identified risks. 

The following teams perform thorough reviews of climate-related 
risks: 
Internal audit in finance: Our internal audit team performs an 
annual risk assessment to help identify and manage business risks. 
The Head of Internal Audit interviews senior leaders across our key 
business functions to understand their perspective on the current 
and potential future risks to the company. In addition to obtaining 
senior leaders’ general feedback on risks, leaders are asked to review 
a prioritized list of risk categories and rank them in terms of potential 
impact to the company (based on severity of risk and likelihood 
of occurrence). Additionally, the internal audit team leverages the 
feedback and report to help determine internal audit projects for the 
upcoming quarters. These findings, both the qualitative feedback 

and the quantitative rankings, are summarized in a report shared 
with both senior leadership and the board of directors  
Audit Committee.

Risk management in finance: From time to time, we may see a 
direct or indirect impact from natural hazards like drought, wildfires, 
floods, severe storms, hurricanes, and other weather-related events. 
The financial consequence of the severity of these events could 
be significant if we are not prepared. Our risk assessments help 
in analyzing the company’s climate-related risks based on their 
impact versus likelihood, followed by a business impact assessment 
to help score and prioritize critical operations and processes for 
practical actions and timely distribution of resources. We leverage 
these assessments to derive the financial and operational impact of 
climate-related risk, which can lead to business interruption. We also 
work with climate risk experts and consultants from time to time 
for guidance on existing and emerging risks associated with climate 
change.

Supply chain risk management in global operations: Our Business 
Continuity Plan takes into consideration the operational and 
financial-related risks for various scenarios, such as supply chain 
interruption and/or disruptions at manufacturing locations. The team 
conducts a business interruption assessment annually to validate the 
level of insurance coverage purchased. This evaluation includes an 
analysis of the financial metadata for each manufacturing location, 
gross revenues minus variable costs to determine profit, and any 
reductions to be considered for the redundancies established.

ESG team: In 2023, we worked with a leading consulting firm to 
study the physical impacts on our facilities and those of our suppliers 
by climate-related factors in the decades of the 2030s to the 2080s. 
To do this, we conducted climate-related scenario analysis to model 
the impact of climate-related physical risk. Utilizing the latest 
climate science, we applied localized climate projections based on 
medium and high emission scenarios (SSP2 4.5, SSP5- 8.5). 

We found the risks of water stress, extreme temperatures, and 
flooding are the greatest drivers of climate-related potential impact 
on our value chain. 

For risk mitigation, we act in the following ways:
•  Insurance coverage: Where commercially available and cost-
effective, a moderate amount of financial risk is offset by 
purchasing and maintaining relevant insurance, such as business 
interruption insurance. Case studies are done for specific sites to 
assess the cost of operational disruption and the impact it will have 
on company revenue and gross margin.

•  Finished goods (FG) inventory: General risk management for 

climate and regional issues leverages the FG inventory for short-
term buffering. We hold approximately 8 to 12 weeks of FG 
products in our networks depending on the criticality and life cycle 

 CONTENTS

42

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023APPENDICES

of the parts. This buffering strategy is driven through our executive 
quarterly meeting. We are also driving multi-plant strategies, dual 
sourcing, and buffering on components to ensure FG production.

•  Through the SCRM framework, risk assessment via risk 

categorization measures are conducted, taking into consideration 
the severity of the risk, likelihood of impact, and complexity of risk 
mitigation efforts.  

We have conducted several risk mitigations audits, assessments, 
as well as preventive and mitigative actions and activities, and 
are aware that more work can be done in these areas. We are 
committed to continuing our investment of resources to continue 
building a resilient program with a more flexible inventory that 
addresses any gaps in insurance coverage.   

b)  Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-

related risks. 

To summarize, climate risks are identified by individual functions (see 
below) and then collated by the ESG team. The ESG team regularly 
briefs and aligns with the ESG review board and board of directors’ 
committees on these items. In addition, the internal audit team 
performs an annual risk assessment process to identify current and 
future risks to the company, and there is a category that currently 
includes climate-related risks. Going forward, climate-related risk will 
be a dedicated category.

In addition to this formal process, the internal audit team regularly 
holds informal discussions with leaders to discuss changes in the 
business and macro-environment to identify if any updates to the 
audit plan are warranted. Based on these conversations, there is an 
opportunity for the internal audit team to learn about and prioritize 
projects related to climate change.

3c)  Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and 

managing climate-related risks are integrated into our  
overall risk management.

Here are some specific examples of frameworks (and processes),  
in addition to the response in 3a. 

Risk assessment framework: Functional leaders/executives are 
assigned as risk owners. Risk owners are charged with identifying, 
reporting, mitigating, and monitoring risks that can impact our 
ability to achieve business objectives. Self-assessments, changes to 
the regularity environment, emerging risks, and market trends are 
key sources of information to identify climate-related risks. For the 
risk assessment, we use a standardized approach of measuring risk 
likelihood versus risk impact against key business criteria including 
operational, regulatory/compliance, financial, legal, and reputational. 
Each risk is assigned a weightage after determining the effectiveness 
of the controls to address the risk. The risk owner uses the weightage 
as guidance for prioritization and to develop action plans. 

Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) framework: Involving the 
components listed below, SCRM is designed to identify, communicate, 
and mitigate potential risks and disruptive events across the 
company for direct materials. 

Appendix B  
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)*

GRI 2: General disclosures 2021

GRI 305: Emissions 2016

p. 7

p. 26

2-3      Reporting period, frequency, and contact point

2-7      Employees

p. 34-35

2-9      Governance structure and composition

p. 28

p. 28

p. 28

305-1    Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

305-2    Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

305-3    Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

p. 34-35

2-10      Nomination and selection of the highest  

governance body

GRI 306: Waste 2020

p. 34

2-11      Chair of the highest governance body

p. 31-32

306-2    Management of significant waste-related impacts

p. 35, 41

p. 8, 41

p. 41

p. 3

2-12      Role of the highest governance body in overseeing  

the management of impacts

GRI 401: Employment 2016

2-14      Role of the highest governance body in  

sustainability reporting

2-17     Collective knowledge of the highest governance body

p. 26

p. 44

401-1    New employee hires and employee turnover

401-2    Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees

2-22     Statement on sustainable development strategy

GRI 403: Occupational health and safety 2018

p. 25, 35-38

2-23     Policy commitments

p. 25, 35-38

2-24     Embedding policy commitments

p. 37

2-26     Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns

p. 22, 44

p. 44

p. 44

403-1    Occupational health and safety management 

system

403-2    Hazard identification, risk assessment,  

and incident investigation

403-3    Occupational health services

GRI 3: Material topics 2021

p. 22, 44

403-5    Worker training on occupational health and safety

•  The SCRM framework is designed to focus on specific types of 

risk, which can then be viewed in aggregate and used to measure 
operational risk across the organization. These risk programs 
include, but are not limited to financial risk, cyber security risk, 
geopolitical risk, geographic risk, and part level engineering 
and sourcing (attribute) risk. Elements of the SCRM framework 
include climate risk, under the pillar of geographic events, such as 
hurricanes, severe weather, and wildfires.  

•  The SCRM team is managed under product operations with 

alignment across corporate cross-functional stakeholders. The 
collective responsibility of these groups is to review the scope and 
effectiveness of the SCRM program. 

Section 4: 
Climate-related metrics and targets  
4a)  Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 

climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process. 

Overall carbon emissions from scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 
sources are considered when assessing our climate-related risks and 
opportunities. The ESG team uses carbon emissions data and related 
metrics to track progress against goals. Additional metrics of interest 
include:

p. 8, Appendix A

3-1        Process to determine material topics

p. 8, Appendix A

3-3      Management of material topics

•  Work continuity resilience, as measured by level of insurance 

GRI 201: Economic performance 2016

coverage, which is leveraged my multiple corporate functions, 
including our Board of Directors Audit Committee

Appendix A

201-2    Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change

•  Energy intensity, as measured by kilowatt hour/gross square feet, 

GRI 203: Indirect economic impacts 2016

p. 44

p. 44

p. 26

403-6    Promotion of worker health

403-7    Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 
safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

403-10    Work-related ill health

GRI 404: Training and education 2016

p. 21

404-2    Programs for upgrading employee skills and 

transition assistance programs

which is leveraged by our facilities management team.  

p. 45-46

203-1     Infrastructure investments and services supported

GRI 405: Diversity and equal opportunity 2016

4b)  Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 greenhouse gas  

(GHG) emissions

Please refer to 2023 ESG annual report, page 28.

4c)  Describe the targets used by the organization to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.

In 2023, we also created a carbon plan to manage our 
decarbonization goals and targets.  This plan includes:

•  Company’s growth projections and climate risk factors are overlaid 
on the baseline carbon inventory to estimate the business-as-usual 
scenario. 

•  Carbon mitigation efforts are identified and estimated to complete 

the emissions reduction solutions. Intuitive considers all options 
and a balanced approach between operational efficiency projects, 
renewable solutions, and supply chain logistics to help reduce scope 
1, 2, and 3 sources systematically.

•  The company will consider the Science Based Target Initiative 

(SBTi) and other emerging methodologies for future scope 1 and 2 
emissions targets. 

GRI 204: Procurement practices 2016

p. 19, 34

405-1    Diversity of governance bodies and employees

p. 25

204-1    Proportion of spending on local suppliers

p. 20

405-2    Ratio of basic salary and remuneration  

of women to men

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016

GRI 413: Local communities 2016

p. 37

205-2    Communication and training about anti-corruption 

policies and procedures

p. 18, 20, 23, 45-46

413-1    Operations with local community engagement, 

impact assessments, and development programs

GRI 206: Anti-competitive behavior 2016

GRI 415: Public policy 2016

p. 37

206-1    Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior,  

anti-trust, and monopoly practices

p. 37

415-1    Political contributions

GRI 207: Tax 2019

p. 37

p. 37

p. 37

207-1    Approach to tax

207-2    Tax governance, control, and risk management

207-3    Stakeholder engagement and management  

of concerns related to tax

*  Intuitive has reported the information  
cited in this GRI content index for the  
period January 1–December 31, 2023,   
with reference to the GRI Standards.

 CONTENTS

43

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023APPENDICES

Appendix C  
Training programs and collaborations 
The four phases of our training pathway include: 

•  Technology Training Phase I  

Introduction to da Vinci Technology: Before attending 
 a technology training session at an Intuitive training center,  
our program begins with an introduction to our system, tools,  
and technology.

•  Technology Training Phase II  

da Vinci Technology Training (TR-100/TR-200): Following their 
introduction to the technology, surgeons are immersed in self-led 
and hands-on training activities designed to increase proficiency 
and confidence with the system.

•  Training Phase III 

Initial Case Series Plan (TR300 & Proctoring):  This phase focuses 
on the clinical application of technical skills through attendance at 
a peer-to-peer course and a series of proctor-guided cases. 

•  Training Phase IV  

Continuing Development (TR 400-500): Phase four is based 
on a central element of our training philosophy: continuous 
development. Intuitive supports a surgeon’s training journey, 
through all stages of their career.  

Training collaborations include but are not limited to:  
The Royal College of Surgeons of England 
The Royal College of Surgeons of England (RCS England) has 
introduced a three-year program aimed at fast-tracking the 
integration of robotics in national healthcare and training surgeons 
in robotic-assisted surgery (RAS). The initiative seeks to establish a 
professional network to shape the future of surgery through RAS 
development on a national level. 

Intuitive’s collaboration with RCS England focuses on transforming 
surgical practices and reviewing RAS evidence for improved patient 
outcomes. The program aims to build a network of RAS experts and 
surgeons, aligning with the UK government’s workforce plan for  
the NHS. 

An independent expert group will oversee research, training, data 
quality improvement, and public awareness initiatives, while RCS 
England provides dedicated robotics e-learning resources and 
integrates RAS into its broader learning offerings. Read more here. 

Newcastle Surgical Training Centre 
In Newcastle, England Europe’s inaugural robotic surgery school 
features a state of the art operating theater, offering hands-on 
experience to approximately 30 trainee surgeons. In collaboration 
with the Newcastle Surgical Training Centre, the goal is to equip the 
next generation of surgeons with RAS skills from the outset, with 
plans to expand the program nationwide. Read more here. 

Appendix D 
Intuitive Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
BLACK at Intuitive 
BLACK (Brave Leaders and Allies for the Advancement of Community 
through Knowledge) at Intuitive is committed to the recruitment, 
employee development, and professional advancement of Black 
employees across the company. The BLACK at Intuitive ERG 
leadership team develops programs that leverage members’ unique 
experiences in order to enhance their careers, accelerate the hiring 
of diverse talent, and drive systemic change at Intuitive and beyond. 
To commemorate Black History Month in 2023, BLACK at Intuitive 
hosted a webinar, highlighting Black leaders at the company who 
exemplify excellence. 

Diverse-Abilities 
The Diverse-Abilities ERG is dedicated to ensuring that people with 
disabilities are represented, valued, and deeply embedded into the 
culture at Intuitive. They highlight contributions of employees with 
disabilities and promote understanding, compassion, and respect 
for those with visible and non-visible disabilities. Diverse-Abilities 
contributes to our participation in Disability:IN’s Disability Equality 
Index (DEI), where Intuitive has been named a top-scoring company. 
In 2023, Diverse-Abilities hosted a panel of Intuitive employees 
who shared their complex journeys with mental health and mental 
illness, helping to spread awareness and offer perspective to fellow 
employees.

¡HOLA! 
¡HOLA! (Hispanic Origins and Latinx Advocacy) creates opportunities 
to illuminate shared stories and experiences that bring together 
Intuitive’s Hispanic and Latin American community. ¡HOLA! promotes 
and elevates its members through collaboration, development, 
mentoring, and networking. They support belonging and camaraderie, 
providing a representative voice that shapes our culture and strategies 
for building diverse, authentic, and high-performing teams. For 
Hispanic Heritage Month in 2023, the ¡HOLA! ERG hosted a webinar, 
“Latinos: Driving Prosperity, Power, and Progress,” highlighting the 
diversity within the Hispanic community and their contributions  
to society.  

InPAC 
The Intuitive Pan-Asian Community (InPAC) is a place for Asian and 
Pacific Islander employees and allies across cultures to connect, 
find support, build community, share celebrations, and advance 
professional development. The group helps its members realize 
their full potential and develop leadership. In 2023, InPAC invited all 
employees to celebrate Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) 
Heritage month and held Diwali celebrations. The events featured 
cultural experiences, including food and dance, providing an 
opportunity to learn more about countries across the Asian region.

PRIDE 
PRIDE is an inclusive community of LGBTQ+ employees, family 
members, and allies that fosters visibility, raises awareness of 

LGBTQ+ issues, enables advocates, and provides support for those 
who need it. It helps create an environment where employees feel 
comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work. PRIDE organizes 
events that enable people to connect and embrace unique identities, 
bring awareness and education to the broader Intuitive community 
about the experiences of LGBTQ+ employees, and participate in 
conferences and recruiting events. The PRIDE ERG recognized LGBTQ+ 
History Month with a focus on health equity, hosting a panel of 
LGBTQ+ surgeons and hospital administrators to share examples of 
specialized care and how Intuitive’s products support patients. 

VETS 
VETS (Veterans Engaged for Teamwork and Support) supports 
military veterans across the company, honoring those who 
defend, serve, and inspire our mission while providing connection, 
camaraderie, and opportunities to give back to the larger 
community. VETS celebrates key moments of honoring and 
remembrance throughout the year, as well as engaging the broader 
company in giving campaigns for nonprofit organizations supporting 
veterans and their families. In 2023, the VETS ERG focused on the 
themes of service and sacrifice, highlighting military families and 
spouses as well as coordinating fundraisers  to assist veteran mental 
health, homelessness, and healthcare. 

•  Social well-being  

Caregiver support, perks and discounts, and other special programs

•  Lyra is our Mental Health provider that extends a range of 

resources to our employees and their dependents, including  work 
and life solutions beyond mental health support.

•  As of 2023, Intuitive employees have access to a company-

sponsored membership on the UrbanSitter platform, providing 
a network of trusted caregivers to address diverse caregiving 
requirements from childcare and senior care to house cleaning and 
pet sitting.

•  In 2022, we introduced Cariloop Caregiver Support as employee 

benefit. The platform connects users with a dedicated Care Coach. 
This service helps provide support to caregiving employees across 
a range of topics like locating suitable providers, understanding 
diagnoses, managing payment for care, and more.

•  Accolade is a resource that connects employees with health 

assistants and nurses to navigate health care pathways, including 
no-cost telehealth and video visits and expert second opinion  
services.

Women Intuitive Network 
The Women Intuitive Network (WIN) is committed to cultivating 
an environment at Intuitive where all women-identified employees 
can grow and thrive, with emphasis on hiring, developing, retaining, 
and advancing women. In 2023, we consolidated multiple women’s 
groups groups into a single ERG focused on supporting all women 
within the organization. WIN’s collaboration with InPAC during 
Women’s History Month featured a guest speaker who discussed 
the importance of authentic leadership in fostering community, 
connection, trust, and the value of vulnerability. 

Appendix E 
Employee benefits 
Employee recruitment, performance, development, engagement and 
well being are essential  in building our company. That is why we offer 
comprehensive benefits that begin on the first day of employment.  
Our holistic Total Rewards benefits package provides health and 
lifestyle benefits for employees* and their families and, in many 
locations, includes: 

Employee wellness 
Our wellness offerings promote a holistic approach to good health. In 
2023, we rolled out GIThrive, a no-cost benefit to support employees† 
with digestive health issues. The Intuitive Total Rewards team 
highlights health awareness months, including Obesity Care Week, 
Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, and Fibroid Awareness Month—
providing employees with educational and benefits resources.

Ways of Working 
We have instituted a new Ways of Working (WoW) model that 
focuses on balancing high performance, productivity and employee 
needs. With our new WoW model, employees operate under one of 
four work models: onsite, set schedule, purposeful onsite, and remote. 
Our goal with WoW is to attract, retain, develop, and engage our 
world-class team—and create a working environment that allows us 
to effectively pursue our mission and achieve our goals. 

Appendix F 
Health and safety practices 
Our health and safety practices entail the following:

•  Physical well-being  

Medical, dental, vision, fertility support, and other special programs

•  Hazard risk identification and assessment  

•  Emotional well-being 

Paid time off, sick and family care leave, mental health support, 
and pregnancy and postpartum support 

•  Financial well-being  

Retirement plans, life, death, and disability insurance, tuition 
assistance, and access to our employee stock purchase plan

Our global ergonomic program assesses and mitigates ergonomic 
risks. Employees have access to job hazard analysis sheets to 
identify hazardous situations to be assessed and corrected. 

•  Enhancing safety knowledge and skills 

We provide a range of opportunities for employees to enhance 
their safety knowledge and skills. Globally, we offer CPR/First 
Aid certification, emergency response team training, ergonomic 

*  All employees who work 20 hours a week 
or more are eligible for benefits, as are 
dependents, including spouses/domestic 
partners, children up to age 26, and children 
of any age who are disabled.

†  This program is available to all employees 

and dependents (age 18 and older) enrolled 
in an Intuitive Surgical Blue Shield medical 
plan at no cost. Participation in GIThrive is 
private and confidential.

 CONTENTS

44

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023APPENDICES

guidance, and safety suggestions. In the U.S. and Mexico, our 
BeSafe program enables direct communication among company 
officials, employees, and first responders during emergencies.  

•  Awareness training 

Employees complete annual environmental awareness training 
that promotes awareness, compliance, and participation in our 
environmental management efforts. In 2023, we achieved a 
training completion rate of 100% within 60 days of assignment.

•  Indoor air quality 

The practical steps we take to ensure that our employees have 
access to clean air include: using air filtration systems, monitoring 
air quality, incorporating operable windows, and using construction 
materials that emit fewer pollutants.

•  Occupational injury and incident reporting 

Global resources for reporting health and safety events are 
accessible to all employees. Our internal policies cover the process 
for reporting health and safety events and we maintain records in 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 

Health and safety audits 
In accordance with our ISO 14001-certified EMS, we conduct external 
and internal audits annually at our in-scope sites. Our health, 
safety, and security inspection program includes quarterly audits 
of U.S. manufacturing buildings and weekly checks of hazardous 
accumulation areas. Behavior-based safety audits occur bi-monthly 
for manufacturing supervisors and monthly for directors, while 
annual CUPA* inspections occur at our primary manufacturing 
locations in Santa Clara and Sunnyvale. At our Mexicali site, monthly 
quality inspections are performed across technicians, managers, and 
supervisors and the fire department conducts an annual inspection 
and hazardous waste accumulation is inspected weekly. In Aubonne, 
an ISO 14001 audit is conducted internally and externally on an 
annual basis, and health and safety walkthrough is performed 
quarterly.  

Relevant operating guidelines and procedures   
We adhere to the latest industry-specific guidelines and procedures 
for sustainability and efficiency, aligning with recommended 
protocols set forth by regulatory agencies. Our workflows encompass 
guidelines from the following regulatory agencies:

•  U.S. Department of Labor Occupational Safety  

and Health Administration

•  National Fire Protection Association  

•  Federal Emergency Management Agency

•  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

•  Local and state agencies  

Mexico 

•  Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social (IMSS)  

(Translation: Mexican Institute of Social Security)

•  Secretaría del Trabajo y Previsión Social (STPS)  

(Translation: Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare)  

•  Secretaría de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales (SEMARNAT) 
(Translation: Secretariat of Environment and Natural Resources

•  Procuraduria Federal de Proteccion al Ambiente (PROFEPA) 
(Translation: Federal Attorney for Environmental Protection) 

•  La Comisión Estatal de Servicios Públicos de Mexicali  
(Translation: Mexicali State Public Services Commission

•  Civil Protection  

Global  

•  International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 

•  International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 13485 

Fatality rate disclosures  
In the U.S., incidents are reported to Cal/OSHA, while in Mexicali, 
we contact STPS and Social Security. Globally, we report to the 
trade association. Intuitive prioritizes employee safety and health, 
maintaining systems for incident reporting and mitigation.   

Appendix G 
Global community impact programs 
Programs in Asia Pacific   
The India Literacy Project 
In 2023 we continued our commitment to operating in accordance 
with India’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) mandate, enacted 
in 2014, by supporting the India Literacy Project. The India Literacy 
Project (ILP), a volunteer-based organization operating in the U.S. 
and India, aims to promote literacy and education in India. 

U.S.

•  California Division of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH), 

better known as Cal/OSHA 

•  Country of Santa Clara Department of Environmental Health

•  U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)

•  Medical Device Reporting (MDR)

•  FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH)

ILP’s primary goal is to help children in government schools attain 
grade-appropriate skills and develop pathways to productive careers. 
In 2023, Intuitive India supported the Multi-Dimensional Learning Space 
(MDLS), which seeks to transform seven government schools into vibrant 
learning environments by equipping teachers with purpose-built tools 
like hands-on science kits, digital content, and effective teaching 
techniques. Additionally, these schools’ learning infrastructure will 
be upgraded to include smart classrooms, science labs, and libraries, 
facilitating immersive and experiential learning. Overall, this program 

reached seven schools, 550 students, and 24 teachers in 2023. Intuitive 
India also donated bicycles, assembled by our employees, to help 
Agastya students commute to school. These children reside in a 
village where public transportation is infrequent or non-existent.

Career days at Intuitive Taiwan 
Intuitive Taiwan and the Children Welfare League Foundation 
(CWLF) recently collaborated on a series of career days. Attendees 
experienced simulations of surgery and even got to test drive the 
da Vinci system, sparking newfound aspirations. CWLF expressed 
gratitude for this investment in the children’s future, emphasizing  
the importance of such initiatives in nurturing inspiration and hope. 

Programs in México 
Internship program 
In 2023, Intuitive Mexicali welcomed university interns from across 
México.† This program offers two six-month cohorts, engaging nearly 
30 students. Notably, three interns secured full-time positions at 
Intuitive. This initiative demonstrates Intuitive’s commitment to 
nurturing and hiring local talent.

CETYS scholarship program 
Following the highlights outlined in our 2022 ESG report,  
Intuitive is committed to providing six full scholarships to promising 
undergraduates at CETYS University. Last year, we welcomed the  
first two scholars, and this year, we awarded two more scholarships, 
for a total of four students enjoying the benefits of this initiative.

CETYS Business and Management Conference  
Intuitive Mexicali hosted a Business and Management conference 
for 30 students from CETYS Universidad. This event facilitated 
connections between these students and local career opportunities, 
setting them on the path to future success.

UNAM Nursing School Robotic Surgery Education  
As part of our commitment to nurturing healthcare talent, Intuitive 
supported UNAM’s nursing graduate program. We hosted faculty 
visits to familiarize professors with our company. In September, 
nursing students visited Intuitive to learn about robotic-assisted 
surgery and the role of nurses during robotic surgery.

Tecnológico de Monterrey and Universidad Xochicalco Visits  
Intuitive is dedicated to building strong relationships with Mexican 
universities. We explored a partnership with Tecnológico de 
Monterrey, aiming to deepen the integration medical robotics into 
their curriculum and explore potential dVRK partnerships. In addition, 
Universidad Xochicalco invited Intuitive to present on robotic 
surgery, exposing 300 medical students to its benefits. We are now 
considering a partnership to enhance robotic surgery training in their 
curriculum.

Economy and Innovation Secretary 
Intuitive participates in the Economy and Innovation Secretary of 

Baja California’s program to nurture local talent by providing support 
to university students. In 2023, we joined this initiative on behalf of 
the medical device industry, collaborating with four local universities 
to further its goals. In October 2023, we hosted facility visits as part 
of a CETYS University Engineering Symposium, where we educated 
student attendees about this program, marking our ongoing 
commitment to this government-led initiative. 

Appendix H 
Intuitive Ventures and ESG investment fund  
Intuitive Ventures invests in companies reimagining the future 
of minimally invasive care. Their global focus spans diagnostics, 
medtech, therapies, and digital health. companies reimagining the 
future of minimally invasive care. Their global focus spans diagnostics, 
medtech, therapies, and digital health.

Focus of Intuitive Ventures 
Intuitive Ventures extends Intuitive’s commitment to converging 
robotic systems, digital tools, and clinical need in search of new  
ways to understand, diagnose, treat, and manage disease.

Intuitive Ventures applies Intuitive’s strengths and abilities in the 
fields of robotic surgery and minimally invasive care to support 
independent initiatives in four focus areas:

•  Improving access and coordination  

lowering the barriers to minimally invasive care through driving 
efficient, cost-effective, accessible and coordinated care

•  Precision diagnostics and interventions  

leveraging the convergence of medtech, life sciences, and 
therapeutics to drive precise diagnostics and interventions  
in minimally invasive care

•  Secure, enriched digital ecosystems  

unlocking the potential of novel healthcare data to enhance 
minimally invasive care

ESG Investment Fund 
In 2023, for the first time, we allocated $100M of our investments into 
an ESG money market fund, which directly contributed a portion of 
its management fees to community development, with an emphasis 
on affordable housing. This decision underscores our commitment 
to aligning our investment objectives with our environmental, social, 
and governance principles. 

Appendix I 
Sustainability features in our built environment: 
Renewable energy production  
Reduces environmental and economic harms associated with fossil 
fuel energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by increasing the 
supply of renewable energy projects and foster a just transition to a 
green economy.

*  CUPA stands for Certified Unified Program 
Agencies administered by the Enforcement 
and Emergency Response Division (EERD) 
under the Department of Toxic Substances 
Control.

†  Students from universities in other cities/

states are also encouraged to apply.

 CONTENTS

45

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023Appendix K  
Corporate policies, statements, and certificates 

See https://www.intuitive.com/en-us/about-us/company/legal/
governance

APPENDICES

Building-level energy metering 
Supports energy management and identifies opportunities for 
additional energy savings by tracking building-level energy use .

Optimized energy performance 
Increases levels of energy performance to reduce environmental and 
economic harms associated with excessive energy use and greenhouse 
gas emissions that disproportionately impact frontline communities.

Heat island reduction 
Minimizes inequitable effects on microclimates and human health, 
especially frontline communities, and wildlife habitats.

Indoor and outdoor water use reduction 
Uses water-saving techniques divert to divert less water from  
our rivers, bays, and estuaries, which helps keep the environment 
healthy. It can also reduce water and wastewater treatment costs 
and the amount of energy used to treat, pump, and heat water. 

Building-level water metering 
Supports water management and identifies opportunities  
for additional water savings by tracking water consumption.

Rainwater management  
Reduces runoff volume and improves water quality by replicating  
the natural hydrology and water balance of the site, based on 
historical conditions and undeveloped ecosystems in the region to 
avoid contributing to flooding downstream in frontline communities.

Cooling tower water use 
Conserves water used for cooling tower makeup while controlling 
microbes, corrosion, and scale in the condenser water system.

Storage and collection of recyclables 
Reduces the waste that is generated by building occupants and 
hauled to and disposed of in landfills.

Building product disclosure and optimization 
Encourages the use of products and materials for which life-cycle 
information is available and that have environmentally, economically, 
and socially preferable life-cycle impacts.

Electric vehicle charging 
Helps to reduce pollution by promoting alternatives to conventionally 
fueled automobiles.

Indoor air quality 
Promotes occupants’ comfort, well-being, and productivity by 
improving indoor air quality.

Biophilic design 
Supports and improves human health, well-being, and productivity 
by providing and incorporating elements of nature in the indoor 
environment. 

Enhanced refrigerant management 
Helps to reduce ozone depletion and support early compliance  
with the Montreal Protocol while minimizing direct contributions  
to climate change.

Interior lighting management 
Promotes occupants’ productivity, comfort, and well-being  
by providing high-quality lighting.

Light pollution reduction 
Increases night sky access, improve nighttime visibility, and reduces 
the consequences of development for wildlife and people.

Enhanced commissioning 
Further supports the design, construction, and eventual operation  
of a project that meets the owner’s project requirements for energy, 
water, indoor environmental quality, and durability.

Sensitive land protection 
Mitigates the development of environmentally sensitive lands and 
reduce the environmental impact from the location of a building  
on a site. 

Construction and demolition waste management 
Reduces construction and demolition waste disposed of in landfills  
and incineration facilities by recovering, reusing, and recycling 
materials.  

Source: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 

Appendix J 
Employee environmental sustainability education and awareness 

Across Intuitive Business Series – ESG 
The “Across Intuitive Business Series” (AIBS) is an employee 
education initiative delving into fundamental topics about Intuitive, 
introducing various departments, and fostering connections among 
our workforce. At the AIBS session in April 2023, our Head of ESG 
presented our company’s ESG roadmap, engaging panelists in a 
dialogue about the implications of ESG in their respective domains. 
This enlightening session drew an audience of more than 1,300 
employees worldwide. 

ESG Learning Summit for Earth Day 
The ESG Learning Summit for Earth Day*, hosted in Sunnyvale, CA, 
gave attendees the opportunity to gain knowledge on sustainability 
initiatives across the company and hear from some of our leaders on 
the ways in which ESG enriches our patients-first mission.

World Environment Day  
World Environment Day, established by the United Nations in 1974 
and celebrated annually on June 5th, serves as a pivotal global 
platform for environmental advocacy. In 2023, our global employees 
engaged in a photo challenge, capturing natural landscapes to 
raise environmental awareness and foster creativity. In Mexicali, 
over seventy employees pledged to embrace eco-friendly practices, 
educate their families about recycling and energy conservation, 
and adopted trees for planting. Furthermore, Mexicali employees 
volunteered to enhance a local school’s environment by painting, 
cleaning, and planting trees, benefiting nearly 250 children. 

Intern water treatment plant research project   
Interns from Intuitive Mexicali, who are students at the Universidad 
Autónoma de Baja California, conducted a feasibility study for 
the restoration of a local water treatment facility initially used for 
sports and green area irrigation. The study is now completed, and 
a cost-benefit analysis is underway. Intuitive is considering direct 
investment in the facility’s restoration or exploring alternative means 
to provide irrigation water to the community. These interns received 
compensation from Intuitive and resources from Technológico 
de Mexicali, empowering local students to contribute to their 
community while gaining valuable technical skills for their future 
careers.

Environmental engagement in Aubonne 
At our site in Aubonne, Switzerland, efforts are underway to identify 
local initiatives that reduce carbon emissions and align with the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals. Organized by EH&S EMEA, two 
workshops have been conducted thus far, with plans to establish a 
local sustainability team to drive and oversee the implementation 
of the project. In addition, employees in Aubonne participated in 
a volunteer opportunity to remove invasive plants in a protected 
natural area of the canton of Geneva. These efforts are important  
for supporting biodiversity preservation as well as ecosystem health 
and function. 

*  Earth Day is an annual event observed on 

April 22 (Saturday) to demonstrate support 
for environmental protection. First held on 
April 22, 1970, it now includes a wide range of 
global events coordinated by EarthDay.org, 
reaching 1 billion people in over 193 countries.

 CONTENTS

46

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 
I am pleased to introduce Intuitive’s 2023 Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Governance and Transparency (ESG) Report.

Last year, we focused on refining our ESG infrastructure and establishing baselines against which we will measure progress.

This year’s report builds on that foundation, measuring our progress against key identified metrics.

At Intuitive, we center our efforts on creating products and services that improve patient outcomes and their experiences.

For the past several years, we have aligned ourselves around our customers’ framework of the Quadruple Aim better outcomes, better patient experiences, better care team experiences, and lower total cost to treat per patient episode.

In 2022, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) published an article proposing the addition of a fifth aim, that of equitable access to care, and renaming the goal set the Quintuple Aim.

Our platforms and services, employed systematically by health systems, have shown positive impact on the Quadruple Aim.

Analyzing the experiences of some of our hospital customers, we’ve seen an ability to improve equity of access to high quality minimally invasive surgery and advanced diagnostics while using our ecosystem.

We believe we can make a difference to improving access to high quality care, and we will be adopting the Quintuple Aim as part of Intuitive’s guiding principles in 2024.

Clinical and economic evidence continues to be the basis for understanding the value and differentiated benefit of our products.

Intuitive continues to apply its clinical and scientific expertise to help surgeons and other key stakeholders understand and utilize data to optimize decision making for individuals, institutions, and healthcare systems.

Intuitive is committed to understanding and reducing our carbon footprint and that of our customers.

We continue to work to reduce our impact by measuring and limiting our footprint, and by helping quantify and reduce carbon usage in healthcare delivery.

We remain committed to growing in a manner that responsibly manages resources and respects the communities where we live and work.

I am excited about our progress and our efforts to pursue our core mission and ESG initiatives positioning us to accomplish our goal of supporting minimally invasive care to bring benefit to patients, customers, healthcare systems, and communities while being responsible stewards of the environment.

We believe that minimally invasive care is life enhancing care.

Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints.

Every Intuitive number has a unique story behind it, representing the minimally invasive care we deliver together to patients around the world.

Every Intuitive number has a unique story behind it, representing the minimally invasive care we deliver together to patients around the world.

The counts prior to 2022 included exclusively licensed patents and applications.

We strive to meaningfully improve patient care while being responsible stewards of the environment, our communities, and our governance values.

Our ESG strategy advances social responsibility, environmental sustainability, and governance and transparency through cross functional programs that serve our company, customers, and communities.

Social Responsibility Creating enduring value for our customers, our employees, and the communities where we live and work.

Environmental Sustainability Reducing our impact and improving environmental sustainability for the planet.

Governance and Transparency Upholding our values, managing risk intelligently, and maintaining shareholder trust.

Reporting Frameworks Intuitive reports in alignment with the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard core option.

This report describes Intuitive’s ESG priorities and progress for 2023 and beyond.

Unless stated otherwise, this report discloses information and data for the 2023 calendar year (January 1 December 31, 2023).

Materiality and stakeholder engagement We periodically engage a broad range of internal and external stakeholders to gather feedback on important and relevant ESG topics with the greatest impact for Intuitive.

Aligning with our mission of patient care and the aims of healthcare.

We focused this past year on building a scalable ESG program structure, setting practical goals, and refining our ESG assessment mechanisms.

Our ESG work is data driven, evidence based, and guided by where and how we can add value.

ESG governance The ESG review board oversees long term company ESG initiatives.

The ESG review board is comprised of cross functional senior leadership across key business functions and the c suite.

The board includes our Chief Medical Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President People Experience and Inclusion and Diversity, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Corporate Operations Officer, Vice President Global Public Affairs, and Executive Vice President Global Business Services (GBS), who chairs the ESG Review Board.

Our ESG management group reports to our Executive Vice President of GBS, a direct report to the CEO.

The Executive Vice President of GBS and our General Counsel both have direct interactions with our board of directors.

Intuitive’s board of directors governance and nominating committee reviews ESG progress and strategy twice a year.

Maturing clinical evidence for meaningful outcomes Intuitive continues to apply its clinical and scientific expertise to help surgeons and other key stakeholders understand and utilize data to optimize decision making for individuals, institutions, and healthcare systems.

Understanding the complete carbon impact: reduction and avoidance We continue to work to reduce our environmental impact by measuring and limiting our footprint and by helping quantify and reduce carbon usage in healthcare delivery.

Comparing carbon avoidance for different types of surgery.

Driving responsible growth We remain committed to growing in a manner that responsibly manages resources and respects the communities where we live and work.

Achieving certification of buildings across multiple regions globally.

Intuitive seeks to create enduring value for our customers, our employees, and the communities where we live and work.

We have identified three feature areas that illustrate our collective ESG work.

On average, 12 scientific peer reviewed articles are published about da Vinci robotic assisted surgery (RAS) and Intuitive technologies each day, with more than 38,000 articles published to date.

The vast majority of these publications are the result of clinicians and institutions seeking to quantify the benefits of robotic assisted surgery in their own settings or, more broadly, independent of involvement or funding from Intuitive.

Unlocking value through clinical evidence Globally, over 14 million patients have benefitted from minimally invasive care performed with Intuitive technologies through 2023.

This includes more than two million patients receiving quality care with Intuitive technologies in 2023.

With more patients receiving care with Intuitive technologies, there are expanded opportunities to explore the broader clinical and economic impact on patients, surgeons, hospitals, and healthcare systems.

Notably, aggregated data for existing studies show that across a wide variety of procedure types, more access to da Vinci surgery equals fewer conversions to open procedures , and shorter length of hospital stays, which can contribute to better, more efficient clinical and economic outcomes for patients, surgeons, hospitals, and healthcare systems.

Expanding access to care Clinical evidence is also used to inform healthcare policies and educate reimbursement decision makers as part of procurement processes (tenders) and health technology assessments around the world.

For 35 years, research has indicated that implementing evidence based practices in minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has been challenging.

Intuitive believes that RAS can help overcome these challenges and enable greater reach and fidelity.

Initial investigative research reflects a trend toward inequities to appropriateness, accessibility, and availability of MIS solutions for patients.

This analysis has sharpened our understanding of the extent of health inequities may be impacting patient availability and accessibility to MIS solutions in communities across the country.

A recent collaboration with a regional hospital in the United States illustrated how da Vinci adoption effectively addressed implementation barriers, leading to greater access to MIS solutions.

The case study also highlighted improved comparative patient health outcomes (reduced surgical site infections (SSIs), length of stay, and ICU admissions).

Additionally, the adoption of da Vinci facilitated patients being treated at their local hospital, rather than travelling to a major city to have access to MIS solutions, furthering equitable access in the local communities.

The case study indicates that after the introduction of da Vinci, facilities with high rates of open surgery experience a decrease in health inequities (open to MIS surgery) and improved comparative patient health outcomes.

Additionally, underserved patient populations, who often face a higher risk for comorbidities, are more likely to benefit both clinically and economically from MIS.

Where da Vinci is adopted, we hope to address implementation barriers that are fueling health inequities to occur.

Based on the surfacing evidence, Intuitive commits to collaborating with our customers to share analyses and methods that inform and address patient access barriers that impact the accessibility of high quality minimally invasive care.

Consequently, Intuitive has initiated a Center of Excellence to focus on health policy and patient access research, providing evidence based insights into health equity, implementation sciences, and sustainability to improve global health and development worldwide.

Reducing conversions from minimally invasive surgery (MIS) to an open approach is crucial, not only for the patient and surgeon but also for alleviating strain on hospital resources.

This effort to minimize conversions during MIS significantly enhances patient outcomes and overall value.

In some of the resource constrained areas I’ve worked in around the world, there isn’t the infrastructure in place for optimal healthcare, so we looked for ways to overcome the barriers to surgery.

It’s all about learning to do complex things as simply as you can.

The learnings from these initiatives have led to a whole host of projects to improve sustainability and the carbon footprint of robotic surgery here in Leeds.

Our approach to climate action is focused on minimizing carbon impact.

We maintain a complete inventory of our carbon sources from our operations and product manufacturing, including purchased metals, plastics, and electronics used to build our da Vinci and Ion products.

Understanding of our carbon footprint underpins our efforts to identify reduction opportunities and decrease our environmental impact.

As described in this report, our carbon reduction initiatives are balanced with our long term growth strategy.

For example, we are implementing renewable energy sources and environmentally responsible building and design standards to increase natural resource efficiency and reduce our cost of operations in the long term.

When considering carbon avoidance, it’s crucial to consider the time spent in the site of care as a whole, both in the operating room (OR) and the recovery setting.

Until now, the study of the carbon footprint from surgery hasn’t been examined beyond the OR.

Length of hospital stay, postoperative complications, and readmissions all proven to be reduced by using the da Vinci system are important considerations in comparing open, laparoscopic, and robotic assisted surgery.

In 2023, Intuitive conducted the first study to quantify the carbon avoidance of the perioperative phase of patient care.

The model looks at the resources used in open, laparoscopic, and robotic assisted procedures across the patient journey.

We use clinical data from a meta analysis of seven surgical procedures and a literature review of energy use and material waste to calculate carbon avoidance.

The internal findings, based on more than 1.8 million procedures, show that in 2022 alone, da Vinci procedures yielded a carbon avoidance of approximately 55,495 MT CO2e compared with laparoscopic surgery and approximately 179,207 MT CO2e compared with open surgery.

This topic will continue to be explored in coming years.

In addition, by expanding robotic assisted surgery to improve patient outcomes, we seek to reduce the carbon footprint of the patient experience and hospital resource use.

With robotic surgery, we can take care of patients and get them in and out the same day, minimizing the need for them to be in the hospital going through consumables.

When you start to look at that over the course of a year, it has a big impact.

This calculation is based on our verified 2022 carbon inventory.

Estimates completed by the company and actual impacts could vary.

Adoption of robotic assisted surgery (RAS) has been growing rapidly globally.

As a market leader with our da Vinci platform, Intuitive has expanded its operations to meet global demand for RAS.

From the expansion of our global headquarters in Sunnyvale, California, to our new facilities in Peachtree Corners, Georgia, Shanghai, China, Freiburg, Germany, and Plovdiv, Bulgaria, we are focused on ensuring our spaces are efficient, effective, and environmentally responsible.

Our construction integrates resource efficient designs, innovative technologies, and low carbon impact materials.

In addition, we have implemented practices to recover, reuse, and recycle as much waste material as possible.

We’ve integrated renewable energy sources such as solar panels into some of our buildings, and optimized energy use for heating, ventilation, and air conditioning.

Achieving certifications across multiple regions globally We apply green building standards to new construction efforts.

For new buildings in the U.S., Mexico, and Bulgaria, we follow the global Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification standard.

At our European headquarters in Aubonne, Switzerland, we follow the Minergie standard, and at our German office in Freiburg, we follow the German Sustainable Building Council (DGNB) standard.

Connecting with local communities We work with residents to minimize the impact of our projects and provide job opportunities, support educational programs, and contribute to the communities where we live and work.

In addition, we incorporate community minded design elements, including promoting biodiversity and using native vegetation on our campuses, avoiding the development of environmentally sensitive areas, using permeable surfaces, and reducing light pollution.

After introducing a da Vinci system to my hospital, my leadership quickly recognized its impact.

I consistently share data with them, reinforcing the value, and as a result, we’ve expanded the system placements.

Our program is now open for observation, allowing others to witness the success of our robotic program.

Dr. Advincula is a pioneer of minimally invasive robotic surgery.

He first used the Intuitive da Vinci system 22 years ago and has helped develop its application across the gynecologic specialty.

Dr. Rashidi first fell in love with surgery while studying at Ross University on the beautiful island of Dominica.

By her second year of medical school, she knew she wanted to become a colorectal surgeon.

When Dr. Quyn isn’t treating patients with advanced and recurrent pelvic disease, he works with a global surgical research collaborative to help improve surgical outcomes in low and middle income countries.

What makes you passionate about what you do We see the impact on the patient.

I never lose sight of the fact that it’s just a privilege that people entrust you with performing surgery and that’s where da Vinci has been transformative.

In all the years I’ve utilized the technology, it’s one of the most reliable pieces of equipment that I use in the operating room, and it works I don’t know how else to say it.

What comes to mind when you think about sustainability in your practice It’s about trying to decrease the footprint in the operating room.

It’s amazing how much trash is generated in one case.

I think Intuitive has done a really good job of trying to decrease that footprint.

A lot of what we use on the platform is reusable, and beyond that, we’re getting access to extended use instrumentation.

Looking at the bigger picture, when you have patients that come into the hospital for surgery and they stay in the hospital for several days, the footprint that patient generates in terms of disposables and equipment is pretty significant.

With robotic surgery, we can take care of patients and get them in and out the same day, minimizing the need for them to be in the hospital going through consumables.

How can we help more hospitals expand access to minimally invasive care After introducing a da Vinci system to my hospital, my leadership quickly recognized its impact.

I consistently share data with them, reinforcing the value, and as a result, we’ve expanded the system placements.

Our program is now open for observation, allowing others to witness the success of our robotic program.

How do you communicate the benefits of robotic surgery to your patients and colleagues My theory is if you ever want to say something is better than the other, you always have to back it up.

That’s why I utilize evidence, because you have to have your data to support the message.

Whenever I meet referring physicians or talk to my patients, I always have data to support why I’m doing what I’m doing.

What comes to mind when you think about sustainability in your practice You don’t use as many materials in a robotic case, and at our hospital we don’t need as much staff for robotic cases.

Our care teams are trained on surgeon preferences in the OR knowing what materials to open and what to leave in the packaging.

And ultimately, we get patients back to their lives quicker.

What makes you passionate about what you do We all have role models when we’re young, and one of mine happened to be a surgeon who developed my interest in surgery.

That interest stayed with me through medical school, and I can honestly say, after all these years, I’m as interested now as I was back then.

Tell us about your work in Northeast India and Sierra Leone These are remote areas where there isn’t the infrastructure in place for optimal healthcare, so we look for ways to overcome the barriers to surgery.

It’s all about learning to do complex things as simply as possible.

The learnings from these initiatives have led to a whole host of projects to improve sustainability and the carbon footprint of surgery here in Leeds.

I think it’s important that we, as a robotic surgery community, continue to think about how we can be more sustainable, collect and recycle more waste, and utilize more multi use items.

What surprises you most about what you do What I’m most surprised by, and it’s magnified by using the da Vinci system, is that I’m still improving as a surgeon.

Part of that is the operative view, and part is that developments keep evolving with da Vinci.

I’d like to think most surgeons, when reflecting, will say that the robot gives them the platform to become better.

Intuitive seeks to create enduring value for our customers, our employees, and the communities where we live and work.

Since our inception, we have focused on developing innovative technology validated by clinical evidence, which, when used by our customers, can help them achieve better outcomes, better care team experiences, better patient experiences, and lower cost of care.

Intuitive’s recent Net Promoter Score (NPS) ranking confirms the long term value of our focus.

By the end of 2022, high level studies and reviews made up about 36% of the total 4,500 articles published that year.

The rise in this research both mirrors and reflects Intuitive’s broad clinical and economic impact on surgeons, patients, and healthcare systems.

Commitment to peer reviewed clinical and scientific evidence Peer reviewed clinical and scientific evidence informs our understanding of the value of Intuitive’s technologies.

It helps us, our customers, and healthcare systems better understand how minimally invasive care can improve outcomes, patient and care team experience, and total cost of care.

Customer training Delivering high quality minimally invasive care requires more than a robotic system.

It requires a full ecosystem, including multi faceted, long term technology training, peer to peer education and interaction, data that provides clinicians with clinical insights, 24 7 system support, and more.

Evidence that demonstrates value Since 1998, there have been more than 38,000 independent, peer reviewed publications on Intuitive technologies.

These span the breadth of scholarly contributions from traditional clinical studies and outcomes research to real world evidence from databases, expert commentary, and bench research, and the majority have been authored by scientists unaffiliated with Intuitive.

From our inception to 2010, approximately 13% of the research articles were high level comparative studies and reviews.

To ensure that surgeons and care teams receive the training they need, Intuitive has developed an innovative four phase training program that combines skills and technology training with opportunities for healthcare professionals around the world to learn from peers.

Surgeons, physicians, and care teams learn how to use our systems from experienced trainers and independent surgical educators at our training centers, supported by a library of virtual resources, including training modules, video instruction, lectures, and simulations.

How our customers perceive us In 2023, Intuitive achieved a Net Promoter Score (NPS) of 80 in the United States.

This is the highest level achieved since Intuitive began measuring NPS in 2019.

NPS is a metric used to measure customer perception and loyalty by asking one simple question: On a scale from 0 to 10, how likely is it that you would recommend da Vinci to a friend or colleague.

Bain Company, the creators of the Net Promoter System, suggest a score: above 0 is good, above 20 is favorable, above 50 is excellent, and above 80 is world class.

Supporting collaborative research While the vast majority of the peer reviewed publications on RAS are conducted by clinicians and institutions independent of Intuitive involvement or funding, we partner with surgeons and institutions to study emerging clinical procedures, advanced technologies, and techniques.

We also have a research and educational grants program to support clinically relevant technology research and development.

Intuitive’s training and education program is accredited by the Royal College of Surgeons of England.

Additionally, Phase II of Intuitive’s training pathway has been validated by IRCAD.

In 2023, more than 76,000 surgeons and clinicians received training on Intuitive technologies, with over 9,000 training sessions conducted globally.

Over 110 training centers in more than 26 countries support Intuitive’s hands on lab courses and skills assessments for surgeons, physicians, and OR care teams.

Through October 2023 loyalty and predicts business growth by subtracting the percentage of detractors from the percentage of promoters in a company.

See page 40 for important safety information, including our Product Training Disclaimer.

IRCAD stands for Institut de Recherche contre les Cancers de l’Appareil Digestif, which is French for Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System.

In 2023, more than 4,800 surgeons were trained using Advanced Tissue Models across 62 training centers globally.

Intuitive Learning Platform and SimNow Intuitive has developed a variety of tools to enhance surgeon and care team technology training.

The SimNow Learning System helps surgeons focus on developing skills independently, at their own pace.

Our goal is to provide the appropriate content and delivery approach to meet the needs of every learner.

Through learning exercises, surgeons can enhance their skills with a variety of robotic assisted surgical instruments, combination exercises, and robotic fundamental skills drills.

Guided virtual reality allows surgeons to practice and develop.

Surgeons can track their progress and identify areas for improvement.

Our platform supports 17 languages, tailoring courses to individualized learning plans and product approvals in each country.

In 2023, we achieved a 63% increase in users completing learning plans outside the U.S. compared with 2022.

Through 2023, our SimNow Learning System has accumulated over 68,000 surgeon training hours.

Our Hospital Learning Management tool enables robotic coordinators to assign, track, and report on technology, procedure, and simulation learning specific to their hospital’s training needs.

In 2023, we doubled the number of available technology learning plans, enhancing self led opportunities for the entire care team.

Our library of virtual reality based training is constantly updated so that surgeons have access to the most recent resources.

Remote case observation and telementoring The ability for experts to remotely observe surgeries can increase surgeon and care team access to and uptake of mentoring opportunities.

Our telepresence live streaming feature allows surgeons, students, and proctors to remotely view da Vinci procedures in real time.

With Intuitive Telepresence, surgeons can experience surgery as if they were viewing through a 2D console in the same room.

Advanced Tissue Models Our Advanced Tissue Models (ATMs) offer a highly realistic training experience.

ATMs use ex vivo tissue harvested from the food chain, reducing waste and eliminating the use of anesthesia and other drugs.

This contributes to a sustainable, standardized, and reproducible training experience.

In 2023, we expanded training opportunities, especially in resource constrained settings, and these models are now being used in 21 countries.

In 2023, we also introduced new training models to expand access to technical and surgeon led training courses that meet USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service certification standards.

Support Continuing Medical Education (CME) courses at society meetings.

We support a number of collaborations with training institutions around the world, some of which are detailed in Appendix C.

Genesis program Intuitive’s Genesis program helps enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of robotic assisted surgical programs.

Genesis includes best practice identification and implementation for identifying opportunities to optimize efficiencies.

Through this, surgical teams can improve resource management while reducing process variability.

This no cost consulting program helps hospitals standardize their programs and optimize operational and clinical performance.

Supporting surgeon communities We continue to be committed to helping the surgeons and care teams who use our systems connect with and learn from each other.

Women in da Vinci Surgery Initiated by Intuitive five years ago, the Women in da Vinci Surgery Symposium is a platform to connect women who use the da Vinci system.

In 2023, we brought together nearly 200 women surgeons and hospital executives for the annual symposium.

My Intuitive for Peer Benchmarking My Intuitive connects customers to insights that can enable better patient outcomes and a more efficient care team experience.

My Intuitive platform gives surgeons and care teams access to case reports with a readout of procedure trends over time.

My Intuitive also allows surgeons to see how their data compares to their peers.

Supporting customers and solving problems using our global service offerings Our service and support offerings are focused on patient safety, customer experience, and economic value, and are driven by our customers’ needs, feedback, and insights.

Learn more about how we are helping to prepare the surgeons of tomorrow and the mentors of today.

Discover how a growing community of surgeons support each other in using Intuitive systems.

Intuitive have been rigorously evaluated and awarded third party certifications for privacy and security compliance with globally recognized HITRUST and NIST Cybersecurity and Privacy Frameworks.

Through Genesis, we are able to reduce waste through optimizing cleaning and sterilization training.

From Q1 Q3 2023, our customers saved over 3M total in waste management costs in the U.S.

In 2023, we introduced new virtual Sterile Process Department (SPD) retraining events, training 395 participants from 209 hospitals without the need for travel.

System uptime Our Global Services team ensures system safety, reliability, and uptime by capturing system performance data, generating insights, and taking action.

We call this the virtuous loop a cycle that enables continuous learning and reliability improvements in both software and hardware.

This has enabled more than 99% uptime performance and increased customer portal engagement, advancing to 17,000 global users in 2023, compared with 13,800 in 2022.

Remote software updates keep our technology current without the need for an on site visit.

Our 24 7 technical support is there when customers need it, backed by team members with an average of 10 plus years of hands on experience.

We stage critical parts close to customers to ensure that service engineers can respond quickly.

Sterile reprocessing training also helps maintain surgical instrument reprocessing quality.

OnSite Our OnSite remote diagnostics enable real time system diagnosis and hourly proactive system health reviews that minimize disruption and unplanned service events, maximizing system availability.

Patient Advocacy Council with the goals of helping improve patients’ access to care and our understanding of key issues facing patients.

In 2023, Intuitive supported these PAGs to raise awareness about specific diseases and minimally invasive care options.

These efforts included public service announcements, educational materials, patient education events, promoting awareness of our clinical trials, webinars, and campaigns.

In total, this work reached 1.9 million patients and counting.

The Fight Colorectal Cancer Advocacy Summit to improve disease awareness and educate members about colorectal cancer and the need for screenings.

The Zero Prostate Cancer Advocacy Summit to raise awareness about prostate cancer and advocate for early detection methods, screenings, access to care, and coverage.

American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network to advocate for policies facilitating government research, access to coverage, and screenings.

Since its launch in 2021, we’ve been proud supporters of the American Cancer Society’s Get Screened program.

This initiative encourages regular cancer screening tests.

In 2023, this program resulted in 362,400 screenings for breast, cervical, colorectal, and lung cancers, leading to the diagnosis of 6,881 cases.

The program boosted cancer screening rates among patients by an average of seven percentage points.

Reduction of product waste Extended Use Program To help hospitals lower the total cost of care and reduce waste, in 2020, we introduced the Extended Use Program for da Vinci X and Xi instruments in the U.S. and Europe.

The program increases the number of times certain system instruments can be used.

Product teams enhanced instrument design, materials, manufacturing processes, and testing protocols to help improve instrument reliability.

Extended Use Program instruments underwent rigorous electrical, mechanical, and reprocessing testing to validate that they could meet our performance and reliability standards at a greater number of uses.

In 2021, most of our European and all U.S. customers migrated to using extended use instruments.

The returned systems are then upgraded or refurbished for resale or are used to harvest parts for re use.

In all cases, we recycle the material in parts and products that can no longer be used.

Additionally, the material in unusable returned instruments is also recycled.

We provide guidance to all our customers on how they can properly and responsibly dispose expired products.

Flexible acquisition models We have developed a range of financing models to help hospitals acquire the technology they need.

Fifty one percent of our customers use a flexible financing arrangement.

A growing number of these are usage based arrangements, giving customers the flexibility to pay as they go.

System upgrades and unusable materials We offer customers the opportunity to upgrade their systems to the latest available technology.

Inclusion and Diversity We integrate Inclusion and Diversity (I D) principles throughout our work to build an inclusive, equitable, and diverse environment where every individual can belong and flourish.

Increase leader and employee representation to better reflect the talent pools available through diverse talent sourcing, strengthening our hiring process rigor and training, and thoughtful succession and talent planning.

Help employees from all backgrounds feel welcome, supported, and valued through our employee resource groups (ERGs), inclusion training and education, and employee support.

Openly share progress and continuously improve our people practices in areas such as representation, pay equity, and promotions.

Engage with our customers and their patients, our employees, communities, suppliers, and other stakeholders to drive positive change.

Our progress We publish workforce diversity data to help our employees, shareholders, customers, and others better understand our workforce.

While global and U.S. people of color metrics are a small fraction of the entire diversity landscape, we consider them an indicator of our I D practices.

Other groups category includes: Native identified data.

Percentages may not add up to 100 due to rounding.

American Alaskan Native, Hawaiian Pacific Islander, and two or more races.

I D vision Empowering our employees and customers to fully contribute toward our shared purpose of healing without constraints.

I D mission To build an inclusive, equitable and diverse environment where every individual can belong and flourish in our company and the communities we serve.

View Intuitive’s Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO 1) report which reflects U.S. government reporting requirements.

Organizations we work with to source diverse talent In 2023, we invested in partnerships and events to engage candidates across underrepresented communities.

Our ERGs and Talent Acquisition team attended conferences including: National Society of Black Engineers, National Sales Network, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Society of Women Engineers, Lesbians Who Tech, Military Influencer Conference, and Disability:IN.

Leadership’s role in I D Our senior leaders play an important role in building and supporting inclusion and fair practices within their teams.

In 2023, we rolled out inclusive leadership training to VP and above employees.

Approximately 91% of our VPs have participated in this live training program.

Our I D Council advises on I D initiatives and milestones while monitoring program effectiveness.

Employee resource groups Our employee resource groups (ERGs) provide community and support for employees who are members of a recognized minority group within the workforce, based on gender gender identity, sexual orientation, race ethnicity, disability, or military veteran status.

This year, the I D team focused on implementing our ERG excellence framework, which included providing dedicated I D support, tools, and resources connecting ERGs to key internal stakeholders recognizing and rewarding ERG leaders, and investing the growth and development of the ERG community.

Professional development opportunities for ERG members in 2023 included quarterly interactive virtual workshops and individual executive coaching.

Read more about the 2023 initiatives our ERGs advanced in Appendix D.

Fair and equitable pay Fair and equitable pay is integral to our commitment to employees and is upheld by our executive leadership team and board of directors.

Our policy is to employ, retain, promote, and otherwise treat all employees based on merit, qualifications, and competence, regardless of gender, race ethnicity, or any other protected characteristic.

In 2023, we conducted a comprehensive pay equity audit for our full time U.S. workforce, including adjustments for job roles and location, among other factors.

The analysis included 100% of our global full time employees relative to gender and 100% of U.S. employees for race ethnicity (61.5% of the global workforce).

The results revealed that our adjusted pay gap based on U.S. self identified gender showed female employees earning 99.3% of their male counterparts.

Our adjusted pay gap based on U.S. self identified race ethnicity indicated that employees of color earn 100% of what white employees earn.

Neither of these differences were statistically significant, given our population size.

We are proud to have strong pay practices and policies that have helped maintain this level of pay equity and are committed to annual assessments of pay equity.

Intuitive receives Pro Patria award In 2023, Intuitive was honored to receive the Pro Patria award, recognizing us as a top military employer in California.

This annual award from the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR), acknowledges our support for guard and reserve employees.

Intuitive named 2023 Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion Intuitive is proud to be named a 2023 Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the second consecutive year on the Disability Equality Index.

In 2023, nearly 2,500 employees in 20 countries participated in ERGs.

Talent acquisition Our workforce strategy is centered on building a world class team to pursue our mission while improving representation to reflect the diverse talent pools available to us.

This includes efforts to source diverse talent by using events, online communities, and sourcing partnerships to diversify candidate pools for open positions.

We provide our talent acquisition team with custom diversity training to effectively promote inclusion and fairness throughout the hiring process.

This training focuses on challenges associated with unconscious bias, inclusive hiring practices, how to attract a diverse pool of talent, and disability etiquette considerations.

To mitigate bias in screening and interviews, we’ve introduced License to Hire global training for hiring managers.

Both Intuitive and the Intuitive Foundation actively support nonprofit organizations working to promote awareness of and access to career and development resources in the communities where we seek talent.

How we hire Our talent acquisition professionals are always looking for team members who want to make a difference and will enhance our inclusive culture.

Created in 2018, the Intuitive Foundation is an independent 501(c)(3) charitable organization supported by Intuitive Surgical.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 Learning offerings We are intentional in program design to cater to individual employee learning preferences.

Ranging from low commitment, on demand learning with a focus on breadth of knowledge to high commitment, connected learning with a depth of knowledge, our offerings fit a variety of needs.

Talent practices We actively invest to support employee growth and contributions, empowering them to set career and development goals.

Our career growth paths are regularly reviewed to ensure that we maintain a scalable job framework that supports growth.

Employee experience survey Our annual employee experience survey gauges the satisfaction, engagement, and well being of our workforce.

It provides insight into workplace dynamics, highlighting areas for improvement and change.

Enhanced onboarding program In 2023, we created the new year one journey onboarding framework and program, which helps employees get integrated, engaged, up to speed, and productive more quickly and easily.

We believe that onboarding needs to be a structured, consistent, engaging, and immersive journey that extends beyond the first few weeks and guides new hires throughout their entire first year at the company.

At every stage of onboarding, employees gain new information and insights, learn new skills, and build relationships that increase their sense of connection and belonging.

University Hiring Program The University Hiring Program (UHP) is an early career pipeline strategy to attract and develop talent.

Our summer program provides students with the opportunity to gain insight into the medical device industry, obtain valuable work experience, and benefit from guidance and mentoring.

In 2023, 150 students participated in the program.

The UHP also had ERG representation at campus career fairs including Georgia Tech University, Florida A M University, and Howard University.

Employee development By implementing accessible design practices, scalable programs, and enduring practices, we seek to enable the growth of our employees, teams, and overall organization.

Enabling employee growth in partnership with others.

Enabling employee growth with respect to the business.

To address employee feedback from our 2022 employee experience survey, we improved our annual promotion process in 2023, including leadership training on consistent promotion criteria.

We also rolled out our manager acceleration program (MAP) workshop, reaching more than 700 people leaders.

The workshop focused on key behaviors, skills, and processes for improved team leadership and management.

Total rewards We support our 13,600 employees with a range of compensation, benefits, and wellness programs.

We continuously seek ways to improve our benefits, wellness, and compensation offerings to adapt to the changing needs of our workforce.

Employee compensation Our comprehensive compensation programs include base salary, short term cash incentives based on individual performance measures, retirement contributions, an employee stock purchase plan, and longer term incentives in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) or cash based bonus awards.

We use multiple nationally and globally recognized market surveys to benchmark and inform pay targets.

Our employee compensation programs regularly undergo robust global review, and senior executive pay decisions are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board.

See Appendix E for details on our employee benefits program.

Learn more about executive compensation in our Proxy Statement.

Health, safety, and security A safe and healthy work environment is a requirement for a productive and engaged workforce.

Health and safety policy Our health and safety policy applies to all operations, including manufacturing, offices, and field employees worldwide.

We aim to achieve growth while continuously improving our practices in accordance with applicable laws.

The practices outlined in the policy serve to benefit our employees and customers, as well as the communities in which we operate.

Supervisor expectations and responsibilities are documented in all operating procedures.

During training, we ensure that staff clearly understand their roles and responsibilities.

We also train our staff to follow specific procedures regarding our process for reporting health and safety incidents and have a defined injury and illness prevention program that ensures incidents are handled accurately by management.

Additional aspects of our health and safety practices are detailed in Appendix F.

Workplace experience Accessibility Our accessibility policies prioritize seamless access for all employees to all facilities.

We provide gender inclusive restrooms, dedicated lactation rooms, meditation spaces, and other accommodations and amenities.

Employee workplace experience portal and committee Our high quality work environment and workplace experience is governed by our workplace experience portal and committee.

These platforms enable us to harness employee insights, address productivity obstacles, and create an overall positive workplace experience.

Employees are encouraged to submit ideas via our request portal, initiating a process of ideation and assessment.

Ideas are reviewed by the workplace experience committee with considerations including the scope of influence, resource considerations, and alignment with our corporate culture.

We aim to improve the communities where we live and work.

Programs in collaboration with the Intuitive Foundation We work in collaboration with the Intuitive Foundation to reduce the global burden of disease and suffering through philanthropy, research, and education.

The Intuitive Foundation’s approach includes surgical training, outreach program support, research grants, philanthropic contributions, and volunteer efforts in communities around the world.

Volunteer efforts The Intuitive Foundation Volunteerism Committee fosters community engagement by offering local volunteer opportunities for Intuitive employees.

Volunteer matching program To amplify our impact, in 2022, Intuitive and the Intuitive Foundation launched a volunteer matching program.

Through this program, the Intuitive Foundation provides monetary matching to eligible charities and nonprofit organizations.

For every hour volunteered by an Intuitive employee, the Intuitive Foundation donates 25 (or local currency equivalent) to the designated nonprofit organization.

In 2023, our employees collectively volunteered 9,596 hours, resulting in 232,850 in donations distributed among 152 different organizations.

Volunteer time off policy At the start of 2024, Intuitive launched a volunteer program for our hourly U.S. employees.

This program provides up to eight hours of paid volunteer time annually each year.

Wellness challenges Through a group wellness challenge, Intuitive employees can participate in wellness activities to increase their personal wellbeing and build stronger ties with their coworkers while earning up to 100 per week per participant for the group’s chosen nonprofit.

At the end of the challenge, the Intuitive Foundation will donate the amount raised by the group to the chosen non profit.

In 2023, Intuitive employees participated in 25 wellness challenges, yielding 540,000 in donations to 35 different organizations.

Philanthropic contributions Intuitive Foundation’s philanthropy committee aims to identify, cultivate, and manage financial, in kind, and partnership resources to support philanthropic programs and operations of the Intuitive Foundation.

The philanthropy committee supported several giving campaigns in 2023, resulting in over 3 million donated to 1,722 different causes through its donation matching program.

Explore details on additional programs that the Intuitive Foundation supports.

Community grants Intuitive Foundation’s community grants program funds capacity building projects driven by 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations.

In 2023, Intuitive Foundation granted nearly 300,000 in funding to eight organizations.

See Appendix G for examples of our community impact programs in progress.

See Appendix H for information on Intuitive Ventures and funds.

Focus on innovation At Intuitive, we are relentless in our pursuit of improving healthcare from building leading edge, integrated systems and software to providing education and support that aims to keep hospitals and their staff at the forefront of minimally invasive care.

Innovative manufacturing practices At our locations around the globe, dedicated manufacturers know that everything they make lands in a hospital or other healthcare setting and ultimately affects patients’ lives.

Spurred on by this mission, we build robotic surgical equipment with meticulous attention to detail, and we’re constantly increasing productivity through quick but careful thinking and hard work.

From those team members designing our manufacturing systems to those of us assembling them, we bring a variety of skills and experience to our work, collaborating on complex products that make Intuitive a market leader in minimally invasive care.

Celebrating design and engineering In August 2023, we celebrated our Design and Engineering Day, bringing together over 4,000 employees across the globe to experience system demos and exhibits, network with colleagues, celebrate progress, and hear from keynote speakers.

Established in 2009, the Inventor of the Year is awarded based on the number and significance of patent applications filed in a single year.

Another factor is the level of engagement in the patent process.

Patents play a critical role in protecting Intuitive’s intellectual property.

Intuitive owns or has exclusive rights to more than 4,800 patents and 2,200 active patent applications worldwide, with the vast majority developed internally by our employees and teams.

Manufacturing tours At our manufacturing facilities, a team of knowledgeable training specialists regularly provide manufacturing tours to employees, suppliers, as well as guests like surgeons, hospital administrators, and government officials.

We also have a manufacturing tour on our YouTube channel, providing a virtual behind the scenes look at how our people and processes come together to create da Vinci Surgical Systems.

Hear from the Manufacturing team about their impact.

For the second year, Intuitive announced a Process Engineering Innovator of the Year award, recognizing non patented innovations.

Process engineering plays a vital role at Intuitive, partnering with new product development teams, collaborating on manufacturing design, developing component sourcing strategies, and creating or purchasing the manufacturing and automation equipment to produce products at scale.

For products that have reached production, teams work to stabilize them through the final manufacturing review and provide sustained support throughout the product lifecycle.

The Leonardo Leadership awards were a new addition in 2023, and honor employees within the innovation and operations teams who bring new technology and ideas to life and who reflect our values and beliefs.

Analytics Fair The Analytics Fair is another venue for celebrating Intuitive innovation and teams.

The Analytics Fair program includes a keynote speaker, executive panel discussion, an analytics expo, awards for top data projects, and networking.

Team presentations are the highlight of the Analytics Fair each year, with colleagues across Intuitive sharing innovative approaches to utilizing data to guide decision making and strategy.

The counts prior to 2022 included exclusively licensed patents and applications.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 Inclusion and diversity in our supply chain Engaging our suppliers on inclusion and diversity ensures our business practices at all levels to facilitate a safe, inclusive, and accessible working environment for everyone along our supply chain.

We ask our suppliers to self certify their size and diversity and report on small business spend annually.

In support of small businesses, we sourced over 48% of our U.S. supply chain spend on direct materials used in our products from U.S. based small businesses in 2023.

Putting product quality and performance first with commitment to continuous improvement.

Maintaining ethical business practices including confidentiality, integrity, and legal compliance.

Commitment to social responsibility and environmental stewardship.

Employee engagement practices including training and development, environmental health and safety, and human rights.

In 2023, 81% of suppliers received scorecard assessments by total supply chain spend, rolling 12 months.

Supplier engagement and standards A resilient supply chain community is integral to our mission of delivering products that enable life enhancing care.

With global operations, Intuitive is committed to the highest standards of business conduct and considers its suppliers an extension of our business.

Intuitive expects the same demonstration of commitment to legal, ethical, environmental, and social responsibilities from external suppliers.

Supplier selection criteria We assess potential suppliers extensively, considering quality, capacity, technical capability, performance, on time delivery, financial stability, regulatory certifications, legal compliance, and business management.

Once selected, suppliers undergo appropriate training, and their products undergo stringent quality evaluations.

We conduct annual business reviews and issue scorecard ratings for key suppliers.

We require our suppliers to maintain International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certifications, specifically ISO 13485 for medical device quality management systems and ISO 9001 for general quality management systems, in addition to complying with all applicable laws and regulations.

Suppliers must acknowledge and adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct.

We employ third party screening to ensure that suppliers are aligned with the code of conduct criteria.

To qualify for our new parts process, suppliers must submit compliance declarations for new components.

This rigorous process works to ensure that all products we source from suppliers meet the highest compliance standards.

To fulfill our commitment to patient care, we require suppliers to prioritize product quality and agree to standards through our Supplier Quality Agreement.

Supplier scorecard Once we establish a partnership with a supplier, we assess their performance using our internal supplier scorecard.

This scorecard emphasizes operational key performance indicators like quality, delivery, and cost.

In recent years, we’ve expanded the scorecard to include human rights and environmental sustainability.

This includes monitoring suppliers to ensure they do not engage in forced labor and confirming their alignment with ISO 14001 certification or implementation of another environmental policy.

Workers rights and fair labor To uphold fair labor practices across our supply chain, Intuitive enforces comprehensive guidelines and policies through our Supplier Agreement, Quality Agreement, and Supplier Code of Conduct.

Beyond the initial screening process, we engage our suppliers through surveys to monitor labor practices.

Further, we employ SaaS tools to monitor updates related to our supply chain.

Surgeons trained on the use of da Vinci systems in the U.S.

Surgeons trained on the use of da Vinci systems outside the U.S.

The counts prior to 2022 included exclusively licensed patents and applications.

We continue to focus on improving our environmental sustainability efforts and made progress in 2023, outlined within.

We take a holistic view when assessing our carbon management responsibilities.

Our core mission of improving the quality of surgery and minimally invasive care interventions can also help to improve the total carbon efficiency involved in providing needed interventions for patients.

Carbon efficiency contributed by our products and services is maximized through our ongoing efforts, while the absolute value of our carbon emissions may rise as more surgical and interventional procedures are performed.

Taken together, we estimate that growth in Intuitive supported procedures increases the total carbon efficiency per patient episode of care over time.

Carbon footprint and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory We have conducted a thorough assessment of our carbon footprint, encompassing emissions from our operations, supply chain, and value added activities.

This assessment, following GHG protocol, is our foundation for setting reduction targets and tracking progress.

Our combined scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions for FY22 amounted to approximately 491,645 MT CO2e.

The slight decrease in our absolute emissions, 2.7% year over year, is due to a change in our calculation methodology, which uses more accurate supplier specific emissions factors rather than a spend based method, leading to a reduction in our purchased goods and services: direct category by 66% year over year.

The increases in our upstream and downstream transportation and distribution categories, 72% year over year, were due to procedure volume increases, and supply chain related challenges.

Carbon avoidance As mentioned in this feature area, Intuitive has utilized a combination of clinical evidence and published journal data to calculate the carbon avoidance from da Vinci procedures.

Based on more than 1.8 million procedures in 2022, da Vinci procedures yielded a carbon avoidance of approximately 55,495 MT CO2e compared with laparoscopic surgery and approximately 179,207 MT CO2e compared with open surgery.

As previously mentioned, we are working with medical consortiums and hospital systems to review and analyze our methodology and initial findings to continue exploring the full potential of surgical carbon avoidance.

Carbon efficiency is calculated by taking our company’s carbon footprint and dividing it by the sum of da Vinci procedures in a given year.

Scope 1 missions are direct greenhouse (GHG) emissions that occur from sources that are controlled or owned by an organization (e.g., emissions associated with fuel combustion in boilers, furnaces, vehicles).

Scope 3 emissions are the result of activities from assets not owned or controlled by the reporting organization, but that the organization indirectly affects in its value chain.

Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the purchase of electricity, steam, heat, or cooling.

Carbon inventory numbers have a one year reporting lag.

Data from 2023 will be assured and reported in the 2024 ESG report.

Our GHG emissions inventory for 2022 has been externally assured by a third party vendor.

This calculation is based on our verified 2022 carbon inventory.

Estimates completed by the company and actual impacts could vary.

In 2023, we expanded our ocean transport program, increasing our utilization of ocean shipping from 38% in 2022 to 51%.

This shift led to a reduction in air shipping, resulting in a carbon savings of over 2,000 metric tons of CO2e.

Carbon plan and decarbonization efforts In 2023, we created a carbon plan to estimate our future carbon growth and decarbonization from the various efficiency projects in place.

The starting point for this plan is a systematic mapping of the carbon inputs and outputs of our business operations.

Pursuing reduction in logistics costs, which in turn results in lower carbon emissions.

Enhancing energy management and implementing renewable energy solutions.

Enhancing fleet electrification and alternate commute options.

Greener transportation logistics expansion Recovering from supply chain shocks during the pandemic, we are gradually shifting air freight to more economic and sustainable options of ocean and ground freight for transportation of goods and services.

In 2023, we expanded our ocean transport program, increasing our utilization of ocean shipping from 38% in 2022 to 51%.

This shift led to a reduction in air shipping, resulting in a carbon savings of over 2,000 metric tons of CO2e.

Local logistics improvements Previously, products returned from all global customers were sent back to our U.S. sites for recycling.

In 2023, we worked with global partners to enable recycling in the countries where shipments were damaged, avoiding emissions associated with shipping materials back.

We are working to expand this practice across all our facilities.

In July 2023, our EMEA locations also converted some of our shipping from express to standard.

In 2023, we published a UK specific carbon reduction plan, following NHS guidance.

Energy management Energy efficiency is an important consideration in our building portfolio management.

As an example, we implemented an energy usage optimization solution across all of our buildings larger than 50,000 square feet.

Since 2022, our Facilities Maintenance Engineering team has used this data to improve energy efficiency.

Our commitment to solar aligns with California and other regional clean energy targets and international climate agreements.

We deploy on site solar energy on our buildings in Sunnyvale, Aubonne, and Mexicali.

As we expand our global presence, we are growing our photovoltaic capacity in our new sites around the world.

Commute and fleet management We encourage employees to use public transit, and we have implemented electric vehicle (EV) infrastructure where possible.

We have implemented 169 EV charging ports globally with a 39% average utilization rate, resulting in over 726 metric tons of reduced CO2e emissions.

Global employee transportation initiatives We provide public transportation subsidies to sites where public transportation is practical.

Across many of our other facilities, we are supporting additional alternatives, including electric bike shares, carpooling platforms, and employee shuttles.

Carbon efficiency We are growing to meet expanding global demand for minimally invasive care.

This growth is accompanied by additional emissions from the materials, transportation, and energy use needed to enable the procedures.

However, on a per procedure basis, we are creating efficiency in our value chain to reduce the embedded carbon associated with making these materials, transporting them across the supply chain, and enabling renewable energy use.

To this end, we estimate that total emissions for the entire episode of patient care will decrease despite increased uptake of our products and services.

Intuitive submitted its first Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) report in July 2023, reflecting data from 2022.

The insights resulting from the CDP report enable informed, data driven decisions aimed at identifying opportunities for reduction.

Carbon efficiency is calculated by taking our company’s carbon footprint and dividing it by the sum of da Vinci procedures in a given year.

Climate risk and resilience In 2023, conducted a study on physical impacts to our facilities and those of our suppliers by climate related factors in the decades of the 2030s to the 2080s.

To do this we conducted climate related scenario analysis to model the impact of climate related physical risk.

Utilizing the latest climate science, we applied localized climate projections based on medium and high emission scenarios (SSP2 4.5, SSP5 8.5).

We found the risks of water stress, extreme temperatures, and flooding are the greatest drivers of climate related potential impact on our value chain.

Climate resilience through water management Sustainable design involves mitigating environmental impact and proactively addressing climate risk.

For example, on site water retention bolsters resilience against rain events at our Peachtree Corners, Georgia site, while dewatering measures at our Sunnyvale campus enhance preparedness for heavy rains.

On a broader scale, our global site diversification strategies will enable us to replicate functions and adjust production in response to specific climate conditions occurring at different sites.

Green construction and responsible growth We continue to expand through numerous construction projects around the world, including in Sunnyvale, Calif. Peachtree Corners, GA Mexicali, Mexico Parvomay, Bulgaria Aubonne, Switzerland, and Freiburg, Germany.

Green building certifications New buildings at our U.S. hubs (Sunnyvale, Peachtree Corners) and our Mexicali site are pursuing LEED platinum certification.

In Europe, our Freiburg office is poised to attain DGNB gold status, our new building in Aubonne aligns with Minergie certification, and our construction in Bulgaria is tracking with LEED gold status.

The certification levels targeted for these projects are subject to change.

Harnessing earth’s heat At our Georgia manufacturing facility, slated for completion in 2024, we will leverage geothermal energy as a renewable and clean power source.

At our Sunnyvale campus, we use thermal energy storage tanks to enhance energy efficiency.

Our Peachtree Corners West building is designed to save 16% more energy through LED lighting and efficient HVAC systems, use 93% less water through cooling tower usage, and eliminate potable water use in building operations through efficient system design and rainwater reclamation.

At our Mexicali facility, we’ve implemented energy efficiency measures within our waste processing operations, which align with current industry standards and regulations.

Utilizing native and adaptable plant species in our outdoor landscapes, reducing water demand, and enhancing ecosystem resilience.

We prioritize recycling and salvaging non hazardous construction waste materials to ensure that we are using resources efficiently during construction.

During construction of our Peachtree Corners West building, we diverted 96% of waste from landfills, surpassing the typical 75% diversion target for projects of this kind.

When our U.S. based employees turn in functional laptops, we donate them to Tech Exchange.

Leading up to 2023, over the past three years, we donated over 1,100 laptops, which Tech Exchange uses to bridge the digital divide, providing computers, internet access, and essential technology skills to those in need.

Incorporating low flow plumbing fixtures throughout facilities to minimize water consumption.

Integrating advanced metering systems to monitor and manage water usage, ensuring optimal efficiency.

Installing Energy Star and WaterSense certified appliances, guaranteeing water usage optimization and reduced environmental impact.

Designing ecosystems for our outdoor spaces that are water conscious, thus reducing the need for irrigation.

Deploying non potable water sources for landscape irrigation when appropriate.

Implementing greywater and rainwater retention systems into our Peachtree Corners, GA site design, contributing to sustainable water management.

See Appendix I for additional details on the sustainable features.

Reducing waste, increasing recycling Our in house recycling program managed over 800 lbs. of proprietary waste in 2023, achieving a recycling rate of 100% and a carbon reduction of 1,644 MT CO2e.

We are committed to the monitoring and tracking of hazardous waste generation and disposal within our organization.

Intuitive maintains hazardous waste archives spanning three years, encompassing sources and disposal destinations.

These records are regularly maintained and subject to regular audits conducted by the California Unified Program Agency (CUPA).

We’re minimizing food waste by optimizing inventory management, tracking data on employee consumption patterns, and fostering employee awareness.

Over the past year, we have reduced an average of 6.6% in food waste at certain U.S. sites.

We have reduced the plastic weight in packaging by approximately 58% for our Xi Stapling Reloads, by approximately 58% for Xi High Flow Seal, and approximately 21% less for Xi eDrape, per stock keeping unit (SKU). Moving forward, we will continue to work to reduce use of plastics in packaging.

Another advantage of packaging densification is increased efficiency in ethylene oxide sterilization, a highly regulated process by which many medical devices are sterilized to ensure patient safety.

With packaging densification, we can maximize the number of devices sterilized at a given time.

See Appendix J for information on our employee programs geared at environmental sustainability and awareness.

Paper IFUs are available on request  Carbon inventory numbers have a one year reporting lag.

Data from 2023 will be assured and reported in the 2024 ESG report.

Environmental considerations for our products We strive to minimize the environmental impact and increase the circularity of our products and packaging.

Component circularity For more than a decade, we’ve adhered to a policy of refurbishing or repurposing returned components and systems.

We recycle parts from retired da Vinci Si systems, with approximately 95% of surgeon console components, approximately 55% of patient side cart components, and roughly 5% of vision side cart components used in da Vinci X systems.

Additionally, in the U.S., we use collapsible, reusable containers and corrugated totes, ensuring instrument protection during transit.

Packaging Our packaging engineering team conducts regular reviews of packaging designs to identify opportunities for packaging densification, reduced material thickness (downgauging), and improved recyclability.

The team also participates in Kilmer Innovations in Packaging (KiiP), a collaborative industry initiative dedicated to advancing sustainable packaging for the betterment of patient outcomes and clinician satisfaction.

Enhancing packaging densification Our packaging design engineering team advances our packaging densification efforts.

This involves optimizing the spatial arrangement of our products within the packaging and on pallets, while preserving device functionality and sterility.

These efforts minimize packaging material and waste for us and our customers.

Ultimately, we aim to create more efficient pallet designs, enabling us to fit more packages on a single shipping pallet and reduce the number of shipments.

Reducing material thickness and improving recyclability We’re examining our suppliers’ product portfolios to pinpoint mono material packaging options suitable for sterile barriers.

Mono materials offer recyclers clean waste streams, allowing for mechanical recycling or advanced recycling methods that promote circularity.

Transitioning to electronic instructions for use In July 2022, we received approval to use electronic instructions for use (eIFUs) instead of paper manuals for the X Xi P10 software update in the U.S.

This makes the latest IFU content available to customers anywhere, anytime.

In 2023, we introduced eIFUs forthe P11 software update for da Vinci X Xi and the P5 software update for da Vinci SP in 18 countries.

The transition to eIFUs diverted approximately 102,000 lbs.

We are working to expand the eIFU program to additional countries and products.

Responsible procurement policy We encourage employees to prioritize environmentally preferred products when they meet our business criteria, offer comparable value, and maintain our quality, performance, and compliance standards.

Environmental regulatory compliance We are dedicated to policies and practices that minimize negative impacts to the environment.

Environmental Management System Our commitment to environmental responsibility is exemplified through our ISO 14001 certification, a globally recognized benchmark for effective Environmental Management Systems (EMS).

By establishing clear objectives, processes, and procedures, an EMS seeks to minimize negative environmental effects, enhance resource efficiency, achieve regulatory compliance, and promote sustainable practices throughout our value chain.

To date, most of our operations are certified to the ISO 14001 standard.

EMS audits stimulate continuous improvement and play a crucial role in maintaining the integrity of our environmental management efforts.

That is why we conduct annual internal and external audits.

In 2023, we successfully completed two external audits in Mexicali and Sunnyvale, with the participation of over 150 employees.

The audits yielded no critical or major findings and acknowledged strengths in employee awareness and training.

Regulated materials management Our procedures manage materials, parts, and sub assemblies in compliance regulated materials requirements, including those directed at conflict minerals.

Review our Conflict Minerals Policy Statement for additional information.

Read our conflict minerals report filed annually with the SEC.

We approach governance through clear policies and procedures that uphold our values, manage risk, and maintain shareholder trust.

Board of directors Our board of directors is responsible for reviewing corporate strategy, overseeing senior management and selecting the CEO, assessing risk management effectiveness, and protecting the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders.

Its oversight responsibility involves a variety of economic, environmental, and social factors.

We value inclusion and diversity at all levels of the organization.

Our board includes leaders with broad and diverse experience in areas including management of large global entities, technology and innovation leadership, and healthcare experience, including surgeon, clinician, and healthcare administration perspectives.

When evaluating our board’s composition, we consider candidates who bring deep knowledge and experience in their fields, possess unique business skills, and provide diverse perspectives.

We are committed to having a board that includes people from a wide range of backgrounds.

Currently, five of our 12 board members (42%) are women.

We have four members (33%) who self identify as Hispanic, Middle Eastern Asian, and or African American.

See our latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for more information about our governance structures and board charters.

Joseph C. Beery Chief Executive Officer LunaPBC Inc.

Sreelakshmi Kolli EVP and Chief Digital Officer Align Technology, Inc.

Levy, PhD Former Chairman and CEO Chrono Therapeutics, Inc.

Mark J. Rubash Former Strategic Advisor Eventbrite, Inc.

Except for our chief executive officer, Gary Guthart, all directors are independent as defined by the NASDAQ Stock Market listing requirements.

Governance and Nominating Committee The Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for corporate governance and compliance matters and the nomination of the members of the board, the lead director (if applicable), and committees thereof.

In addition, the Governance and Nominating Committee reviews and assesses Intuitive’s performance on environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and other related matters.

Each year, management reports to the Governance and Nominating Committee on sustainability priorities, progress, and future plans.

Audit Committee The Audit Committee assists the board in its general oversight of our financial reporting, internal controls, and audit functions.

It is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, and oversight of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm.

The committee also oversees many aspects of risk management, including but not limited to guidelines and procedures to govern the risk management processes disclosure controls and procedures principal financial, regulatory, privacy, compliance, and cybersecurity risk exposures and the steps undertaken to assess and address them.

Compensation Committee Comprised of independent directors, the Compensation Committee oversees the company’s strategies relating to our human capital management function, as outlined in our policy statement.

Oversight includes, but is not limited to pay equity, inclusion initiatives, employee engagement and diversity, compensation for executive officers, and ensuring compliance with SEC regulations.

ESG related management forums ESG review board Guided by our corporate mission, the ESG review board oversees long term company ESG initiatives.

The ESG review board is comprised of cross functional senior leadership across key business functions and the c suite.

The board includes our Chief Medical Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, VP People Experience and Inclusion and Diversity, EVP Chief Strategy and Corporate Operations Officer, VP Global Public Affairs, and EVP Global Business Services (GBS), who chairs the ESG review board.

Our ESG management group reports to our EVP of GBS, a direct report to the CEO.

The EVP of GBS and our General Counsel both have direct interactions with our board of directors.

Inclusion and Diversity Council Our senior leaders, I D Council, and VP People Experience and I D regularly review quantitative and qualitative measures of our I D performance.

We track progress by measuring fairness, pay equity, engagement, and diversity across all levels of our organization, surveying employees about perceptions of their Intuitive work experience and encouraging employee involvement in I D community building initiatives.

Our employee workforce diversity data, including our U.S. EEO 1 report, is published on our website.

Our employee experience survey includes questions about belonging, commitment to I D, fairness, and career development.

Compliance Committee Our Compliance Committee oversees Intuitive’s activities with respect to the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to our businesses and ensures the company’s reputation and integrity is protected.

It is led by our General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and is responsible for the development, implementation, maintenance, and administration of our compliance programs.

The committee meets quarterly (and more frequently as needed), and oversees our codes, policies, training and education requirements, standards, ComplianceLine hotline, investigations, and corrective actions.

It ensures that compliance risks or alleged violations are appropriately evaluated, escalated, and addressed.

The committee regularly reports to our Audit Committee.

Learn more about our guidelines, bylaws, and charters.

Cybersecurity oversight Our senior executive leaders hold quarterly reviews of our information and product security and brief the board of directors several times a year.

We work with external third party experts to monitor our security measures and detect potential security issues.

Our incident response team identifies, investigates, and closes gaps to minimize risk in the instance that a vulnerability or breach is detected.

Management systems Management systems provide a structured framework for planning, implementing, monitoring, and continually improving our processes and operations.

These systems enable us to enhance efficiency, reduce risks, ensure compliance, and foster a culture of innovation.

Quality Management System Our quality teams drive continuous improvement through our Quality Management System (QMS).

Our QMS is International Standards Organization (ISO) 13485:2016 certified and complies with the Medical Device Single Audit Program requirements and other global regulations.

It consists of a quality manual and procedures that contain specific responsibilities for establishing, implementing, and maintaining our QMS.

Monitoring our QMS includes setting and tracking quality goals and metrics, quality data management reviews, internal and external audits, and corrective and preventive actions.

We regularly evaluate and sharpen our quality management procedures and processes to help our internal auditors be responsive and agile in performing holistic reviews, internally identifying issues, and taking appropriate actions to improve over time.

Information Security Management Our Information Security Management System encompasses information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection, and is certified to the ISO 27001:2022 standard.

Environmental Management System We work under an Environmental Management System (EMS) framework based on the ISO 14001:2015 standard to define objectives, monitor progress, and integrate sustainability into our decision making.

Our EMS provides a standardized documentation structure, enhancing our ability to track sustainability goals and ensuring greater predictability and reliability in project results.

In 2023, we attained a 98% completion rate for our employee EMS course.

Our Environmental Policy for Intuitive facilities As part of our ESG work, we pursue strategies to mitigate our impact on the environment, prevent pollution, and protect the environment.

We ensure compliance with laws, regulations, and other obligations while managing the life cycle of our products, solutions, and services in an environmentally responsible manner.

Our Environmental Policy is implemented through a comprehensive environmental management system where our performance is continually monitored, reviewed, and improved.

Our Quality Policy We provide high quality, safe, and effective products and services to our customers.

We achieve this with a patients first always’ mindset, an effective quality management system, and a commitment to compliance and continuous improvement.

We strive for excellence through regular reviews of our products and systems to ensure they meet customer needs and comply with all applicable global regulatory requirements.

Every Intuitive employee has ownership of quality and contributes to the continued improvement of what we do.

Quality Improvement Plan Providing high quality products and services that our customers and their patients can trust is everyone’s job at Intuitive.

In 2023, we embarked on an evolution of our QMS, taking a cross functional approach to simplifying our processes and building a best in class quality system for the complex, global organization we are today and that will scale for the future.

Our Quality Improvement Plan looks broadly at people, processes, and tools for opportunities to streamline and improve our Quality Management System.

Ethical business conduct We believe that every employee is responsible for managing our company’s reputation by acting ethically and with integrity, as guided by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

We issue periodic reminders to employees of their obligation to raise concerns related to ethics and compliance via the ComplianceLine and other channels.

The ComplianceLine hotline is staffed by an independent organization and is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

Callers can choose to remain anonymous and will be provided with a reference number that can be used for follow up.

Intuitive takes any reports of suspected ethical or compliance violations seriously.

If you have a concern, please make a report online at MyComplianceReport (ID: INTS) or through the toll free number 1 844 223 4166.

Reporting and investigation summaries are provided quarterly to our Compliance Committee.

Tax transparency We support strong corporate governance and financial transparency.

Our Global Tax Policy Statement is just one aspect of this, and outlines our tax transparency guidelines.

Managing accurate and compliant promotion of our products Our sales and marketing practices align with industry standards and regulations, ensuring the accurate and compliant promotion of our products.

Advertising and promotion reviews Our advertising and promotion materials undergo rigorous review and approval, including claims for use, safety, and performance.

All materials conform to U.S. Food and Drug Administration and international regulatory requirements, with truthful, accurate, and substantiated content.

Training for sales and marketing teams Customer facing employees, including sales and marketing teams, complete our clinical and sales program, ensuring technical expertise, clinical knowledge, and ethical practices in engaging with healthcare professionals.

Completion of these programs is mandatory for employment.

Transparency Intuitive makes annual disclosure of all payments to healthcare professionals through the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services Open Payments database.

We engage and educate employees on ethics in a variety of ways, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, annual review process, employee training, and communications.

Our formal disclosure document outlines the requirements and processes used to maintain the highest standards of business conduct can be found here, and is available in English, French, German, Spanish, Korean, Japanese, and Chinese.

Anti bribery, anti corruption training, and transparency We abide by all anti bribery laws in the countries in which we operate.

This position is reflected in our policies and contracts with distributors and suppliers, who must comply with applicable anti bribery and anti corruption laws and regulations as a condition of our contracts.

Internal controls To help monitor compliance by the third parties with whom we conduct business, we perform periodic audits for compliance with anti bribery and anti corruption laws.

Moreover, we continually review and refine our internal controls, including strengthening training and certification requirements of third parties with whom we work.

Compliance training Our compliance training and policies on anti bribery, anti corruption, and ethical business conduct are regularly reviewed and updated.

Training on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available in seven languages and covers our expectations and requirements regarding inclusion and diversity, anti bribery and anti corruption, harassment and discrimination prevention, and managing data and data privacy.

We require all global employees to complete compliance training at the time of hire, annually, or as local regulations require, and each employee must demonstrate knowledge through an end of course assessment.

Intuitive compliance hotline We expect our workforce to act ethically and with integrity at all times.

Our ComplianceLine hotline helps sustain this strong culture of compliance.

See Appendix K for our corporate policies, statements, and certificates.

Information security Intuitive is committed to protecting any information with which we are entrusted by our employees, customers, or other stakeholders.

In compliance with medical device regulations, our cybersecurity systems and processes adhere to global industry standards based on the National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST) and Health Information Trust Alliance (HITRUST) guidelines.

Our information security management system is certified to the ISO 27001 framework.

Throughout the product lifecycle, from initial concept through end of life disposal, we pay careful attention to data types and flow, encryption mapping, and risk controls.

We reinforce protection by staying informed on emerging threats and performing aggressive testing, continuous proactive monitoring, and ongoing vulnerability analysis and patch deployment.

Mandatory employee training on security policies, data protection, and security awareness.

Review of risk notifications provided by global threat intelligence resources followed by appropriate action as required.

Remote access protection to control access to our network, applications, and data.

Privacy and data protection for virtual meetings and collaboration activities.

Information security training program All employees receive annual and ongoing training on information security policy and related topics, including phishing exercises and global data privacy laws.

We offer on demand continuing education courses on information security and business process alignment.

Clinical evidence programs and standards Our global clinical affairs function consists of medical doctors, biomedical engineers, public health scientists, clinical researchers, data scientists, biostatisticians, medical writers, and other experts who provide robust, streamlined scientific value for our technologies and products.

The clinical affairs team is responsible for strategic planning and scientific direction for evidentiary support of technology adoption and access, enabling informed healthcare decisions.

Our clinical affairs team supports early feasibility research, studies for product approvals, and post approval studies such as observational studies, outcomes research, real world evidence studies, and clinical registries across all Intuitive technologies.

These categories of evidence creation and curation comply with various national and international regulations and guidelines, including but not limited to: Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Title 21 , ISO 14155:2020, Council Directive 93 42 ECC, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and European Medical Device Directive.

Our clinical research initiatives are available to all eligible patients, determined by criteria including the patient’s disease condition, health status, and other factors such as the ability to fulfill study related follow up requirements.

All applicable clinical trials are registered and updated on applicable local and regional clinical trial registration databases, such as ClinicalTrials.gov.

Publication of results and data transparency We value scientific integrity and are committed to publishing all research results in an objective and scientific manner.

The manuscripts and abstracts generated from clinical evidence initiatives supported by Intuitive are based on study design and analyses plans and the scientific datasets follow International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) guidelines, as per the agreed upon terms in the clinical trial agreements.

The vast majority of the peer reviewed literature is published independently of Intuitive.

Important safety information Serious complications may occur in any surgery, including surgery using the da Vinci system, up to and including death.

Examples of serious or life threatening complications, which may require prolonged and or unexpected hospitalization and or reoperation, include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: injury to tissues organs, bleeding, infection and internal scarring that can cause long lasting dysfunction pain.

Risks specific to minimally invasive surgery, including surgery using the da Vinci system, include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: temporary pain nerve injury associated with positioning a longer operative time, the need to convert to an open approach, or the need for additional or larger incision sites.

Converting the procedure could result in a longer operative time, a longer time under anesthesia, and could lead to increased complications.

Contraindications applicable to the use of conventional endoscopic instruments also apply to the use of all da Vinci instruments.

For important safety information, indications for use, risks, full cautions and warnings please also refer to www.intuitive.com safety.

Individuals’ outcomes may depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to patient characteristics, disease characteristics and or surgeon experience.

Da Vinci SimNow The da Vinci SimNow is intended to augment, not replace, existing training programs for the da Vinci surgical systems.

Product training disclaimer Intuitive only trains on the use of the da Vinci surgical system.

The information provided during Intuitive training is not intended to substitute for formal medical training or certification.

Intuitive is in no way responsible for surgical credentialing or training in surgical procedure or technique, nor are the training programs provided by Intuitive a replacement for hospital credentialing requirements.

All curricula described are subject to change depending on available resources, as well as on the needs of the course participants.

Some of the training described may be provided by organizations or entities other than Intuitive, and Intuitive is not responsible for the content of these programs.

The listed prices are for services rendered by the independent surgeon proctors.

A list of surgeon proctors can be provided upon request.

Intuitive does not train on surgical procedures or techniques, nor does it take responsibility for proctoring services provided by the independent surgeon proctors.

The hospital surgeon purchases the proctoring service as part of training they have independently determined to be part of their credentialing requirement Intuitive’s role is merely to coordinate between the hospital surgeon and the proctor.

The proctors and the hospital surgeon are always free to negotiate with each other directly.

Product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical or their respective owners.

The Governance and Nominating Committee of the board of directors oversees our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) strategy.

The Audit Committee of the board of directors oversees the assessment and mitigation activities associated with our overall company risks, in accordance with the Audit Committee Charter.

The Governance and Nominating Committee and Audit Committee report to the overall board of directors on these topics.

The image below depicts the decision system for climate related financial risk assessment and management at Intuitive.

The output of this assessment is used to design the Internal Audit Plan for the coming year.

The Governance and Nominating Committee of Intuitive’s board of directors meets quarterly, and reviews ESG topics at least twice a year.

Sustainability and ESG topics are guided by a formal agenda recommended by the Head of ESG and approved by the ESG review board Chair (Executive Vice President of Global Business Services).

The topics are also reviewed and aligned with the General Counsel and ESG review board.

Typical agenda topics include climate policies, practices, and priorities related to monitoring and managing our carbon footprint, reporting requirements, climate related goals, progress on social responsibility programs, environmental regulations, and a host of other governance items.

In addition, annually, the internal audit team conducts an assessment of corporate risks, which may include ESG related risks, and presents those risks and related overview responsibilities to the Audit Committee.

The Head of ESG ensures that ESG related risks are noted, and that, as appropriate, plans are created to mitigate such risks.

The Head of ESG also reports such risks and mitigation plans to the Governance and Nominating Committee.

Ultimately, the ESG team is directly responsible for collecting, reporting, and monitoring sustainability and ESG activities, risks, and management actions while regularly briefing and aligning with the ESG review board and Governance and Nominating Committee on these items.

The ESG team is also responsible for the company’s annual ESG Report and other ESG reporting.

Management is responsible for the execution of sustainability and ESG activities, risk identification, and mitigation (see management section below in 1B for additional details).

For more information about our governance structures and board charters, please see our latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (sec.gov). b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Opportunity development: The ESG function works collaboratively and cross functionally to measure and monitor environmental, social, and governance matters and develop opportunities for ESG risk mitigation, including those for climate risks.

Our ESG team includes specialists in carbon management, environmental regulations, regulated materials, ESG metrics, and reporting.

Key areas of work for the ESG team include carbon footprint assessment, carbon plan and goals, overall climate risks to company, social responsibility initiatives, and communicating with internal and external stakeholders, including regulatory agencies, customers, employees, and shareholders.

Key business collaborators on climate risk assessment include financial services, legal, internal audit, risk management, supply chain, product operations, regulatory, facilities management, workplace services, and investor relations.

The Head of ESG is directly responsible for developing and monitoring our ESG activities and creating and executing plans toward climate related goals and other reporting metrics.

The Head of ESG’s annual performance goals are tied to this responsibility.

Review: Intuitive’s ESG review board is comprised of cross functional senior leadership from across key business functions.

The board includes our Chief Medical Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President People Operations, Executive Vice President Chief Strategy and Corporate Operations Officer, Vice President of Global Public Affairs, Senior Vice President General Manager EU Commercial and Marketing, and Executive Vice President of Global Business Services (GBS) who chairs the ESG review board.

The EVP of GBS is also the supervisor to Head of ESG, and directly reports to the CEO.

The EVP of GBS and the General Counsel fulfills the function to connect ESG to the CEO and reporting to the Governance and Nominating Committee twice a year.

Climate risks are identified by individual functions and then collated by the ESG team.

The management functions and teams listed on this page perform various activities that help aid in the assessment, development, review of climate related risks, and implementation of mitigation strategies.

These groups work together on cross functional program and initiative development, and the Head of ESG acts as a conduit between groups.

Risk Assessment: Our internal audit team performs an annual risk assessment to help identify significant risks to the company and develops a related annual internal audit plan.

This process begins by identifying risks through interviews with leaders across the organization and then ranking those risks in terms.

Opportunity implementation: Key business partners on climate risk assessment at Intuitive include finance, legal, internal audit, risk management, supply chain, product operations, regulatory, facilities management and workplace services, and investor relations.

Intuitive’s internal audit team, in conjunction with subject matter experts across the company, performs an annual risk assessment to help identify and manage company risks.

Risks, including climate related risks, are assessed and prioritized based on impact and likelihood.

This informs practical actions and resourcing associated with addressing mitigating these risks.

All management functions aid in the assessment, development, review of climate related risks, and implementation of mitigation strategies.

Compliance Committee: The cross functional Compliance Committee oversees Intuitive’s compliance with applicable laws, including those related to ESG.

It is led by our General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and is responsible for the development, implementation, maintenance, and administration of our compliance programs.

The committee meets quarterly (and more frequently as needed), and oversees our codes, policies, training and education requirements, standards, ComplianceLine hotline, investigations, and corrective actions.

It ensures that compliance risks or alleged violations are appropriately evaluated, escalated, and addressed.

The committee regularly reports to our Audit Committee.

Section 2: Climate related strategy a) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Climate related risks Short term: (0 3 years): Physical risk from extreme weather patterns: Extreme weather presents a risk to operations at Intuitive site locations as well as direct and indirect material suppliers.

The threat of hurricanes, wildfires, or severe weather all have the capacity to disrupt critical supply chain elements.

We expect these extreme weather events will increase both in severity and frequency and remain a medium and long term risk to Intuitive.

In the U.S., our operations and suppliers are subject to risk of hurricanes, drought, wildfire smoke, and air quality issues.

In Europe, our regional offices are susceptible to extreme weather (cold) and in Mexicali, our location is susceptible to extreme weather (heat) and drought.

Supply chain production capacity risk from regulations in supply chain: New and or stronger air quality and emissions standards present potential challenges to our supply chain.

These regulations may require direct and or indirect material suppliers to reduce or even halt production on certain high emission products to ensure compliance.

This presents a risk to our supply chain if the sourcing of this product component is constrained or sourced from a single source, particularly acute for sterilization suppliers in California.

Financial risk from increased raw materials costs and subsequent pressure on profit margins caused by climate related factors (energy cost): There are a variety of upward pressures on cost and margins stemming from climate related factors.

Energy costs have increased greatly recently, leading to significant uplifts in the cost of raw materials, transportation, and general operations.

These costs must be either absorbed into margins or passed to the end customer, which presents a cascading effect through our entire supply chain.

Market risk driven by changing investor and customer behavior attributed to perceived climate risk: Some investors and customers are placing new or increasing emphasis on climate related considerations when doing business.

An example of this includes the expectation of carbon reduction initiatives and associated disclosures.

Investors and customers are increasingly adding climate risk and climate mitigation as one of their decision criteria.

If we cannot meet investor expectations, we may face challenges accessing capital and or share value could decline.

Competitive risk from new market entrants that employ carbon or climate initiatives that change or shift customer preferences: As new market entrants continue to emerge into the robotic assisted surgical space, customer behavior has the potential to be influenced by our carbon and or climate initiatives and disclosures.

Operational risk from new or emerging carbon pricing regulations in our direct operations and in our supply chain: New or emerging regulatory requirements may impact our ability to source materials used in our products, as well as impact the cost of materials.

Climate related opportunities Short term: In 2023, we evaluated opportunities to reduce our carbon footprint over the long term, taking into consideration our mission, strategy, and priorities.

We focus on areas that improve our carbon footprint while improving operational efficiency and reducing cost.

Areas for consideration could include use of renewable energy, transportation of product via more energy efficient means, and changes in certain product packaging to reduce plastic and paper use.

These efforts may reduce our operating cost, while increasing the value of fixed assets, benefitting our workforce, and reducing our exposure to future fossil fuel price increases.

We have expanded our climate related disclosures by responding to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which enhances our ability to respond to investor and customer inquiries.

Medium and long term: We have adopted an integrated campus approach, where we can co locate certain functions, including manufacturing, engineering, commercial operations, customer and sales training, and various administrative areas.

Co locating our teams into these hubs, located in geographies where we can support our customers locally, can help reduce our environmental impact and create efficiencies in supply chain access, customer training and support, and customer service.

The build out of these campuses is a multiyear effort that began in 2020.

We have identified several medium and long term climate related opportunities, which may reduce emissions and improve overall supply chain resiliency, efficiency, and cost.

These opportunities could involve product design and sourcing initiatives that address both proactive climate initiatives and sustainability and climate risks.

These opportunities require multiyear plans and must be done in the context of our mission, strategy, and priorities.

Operations (energy): Impacts of climate related risks include leveraging more sustainable energy sources to power business operations (part of our carbon plan).

This includes considerations around the most efficient means of logistics transportation, using renewable energy sources such as solar to power buildings, and looking to reduce dependencies on high carbon energy sources throughout the supply chain.

Impact of climate related risks on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning: We measure value creation through our customers’ lenses and in alignment with our goal of delivering on the Quadruple Aim: better clinical outcomes, improved patient experiences, improved care team experiences, and lower total cost to treat per patient episode.

Within this context, improvements in operating efficiency and cost reduction are critical to better serve our company and customers.

The impact of climate related risks and opportunities are integrated in our growth strategy and financial planning.

For example, our board of directors and executive team focus on emissions reduction opportunities that also enhance operating efficiency and cost reduction over the long term.

At functional levels of the company, specific projects are being carried out across global teams to investigate dual sourcing, low cost manufacturing, and supply chain resilience opportunities that may inform the product design and manufacturing process in the long run.

We understand that: For products and services: Climate change risks will potentially impact Intuitive products and services in a variety of ways, such as: supply chain disruptions, financial pressure from increased costs of raw materials and energy, regulatory risks, and severe climate related weather events.

This could present challenges to customers in the form of product availability and price competitiveness.

Supply chain direct and indirect sourcing: We manage a highly complex supply chain which is subject to climate related risks.

These risks include regulatory risks which could impact production capacity of suppliers, physical risks from climate related extreme adverse weather events, and or financial risks from increased raw materials and energy costs.

These risks could also present challenges in the company’s ability to source and manufacture products to meet customer demand.

Facilities and manufacturing physical footprint: We have a global corporate and manufacturing footprint across a global network of key collaborators.

The decisions to build or move facilities or operations will be impacted by climate related risks and will take into consideration the mitigation of these risks.

Impact of climate related opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning: In 2023, we created a carbon plan that seeks to deliver a decarbonization target, set in alignment with industry standard carbon reduction setting principles.

In the plan, detailed carbon mitigation are identified and tracked.

In 2023, we completed a full scope (scopes 1, 2, and 3) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) carbon inventory, as disclosed on page 28 of this report.

Scopes 1, 2, and 3 for 2022 have completed the validation process.

Section 3: Climate related risk management Disclose how we identify, assess, and manage climate related risks.

Additional details for the key management functions are elaborated below.

To summarize, climate risks are identified by individual functions (see below) and then collated by the ESG team.

The ESG team regularly briefs and aligns with the ESG review board and board of directors’ committees on these items.

The ESG team is also responsible for external reporting of the company’s ESG activities.

Management is responsible for the execution of sustainability and ESG activities, risk identification, and mitigation.

In addition, several groups help fine tune approaches to address any identified risks.

The following teams perform thorough reviews of climate related risks: Internal audit in finance: Our internal audit team performs an annual risk assessment to help identify and manage business risks.

The Head of Internal Audit interviews senior leaders across our key business functions to understand their perspective on the current and potential future risks to the company.

In addition to obtaining senior leaders’ general feedback on risks, leaders are asked to review a prioritized list of risk categories and rank them in terms of potential impact to the company (based on severity of risk and likelihood of occurrence).

Additionally, the internal audit team leverages the feedback and report to help determine internal audit projects for the upcoming quarters.

These findings, both the qualitative feedback and the quantitative rankings, are summarized in a report shared with both senior leadership and the board of directors Audit Committee.

Risk management in finance: From time to time, we may see a direct or indirect impact from natural hazards like drought, wildfires, floods, severe storms, hurricanes, and other weather related events.

The financial consequence of the severity of these events could be significant if we are not prepared.

Our risk assessments help in analyzing the company’s climate related risks based on their impact versus likelihood, followed by a business impact assessment to help score and prioritize critical operations and processes for practical actions and timely distribution of resources.

We leverage these assessments to derive the financial and operational impact of climate related risk, which can lead to business interruption.

We also work with climate risk experts and consultants from time to time for guidance on existing and emerging risks associated with climate change.

Supply chain risk management in global operations: Our Business Continuity Plan takes into consideration the operational and financial related risks for various scenarios, such as supply chain interruption and or disruptions at manufacturing locations.

The team conducts a business interruption assessment annually to validate the level of insurance coverage purchased.

This evaluation includes an analysis of the financial metadata for each manufacturing location, gross revenues minus variable costs to determine profit, and any reductions to be considered for the redundancies established.

ESG team: In 2023, we worked with a leading consulting firm to study the physical impacts on our facilities and those of our suppliers by climate related factors in the decades of the 2030s to the 2080s.

To do this, we conducted climate related scenario analysis to model the impact of climate related physical risk.

Utilizing the latest climate science, we applied localized climate projections based on medium and high emission scenarios (SSP2 4.5, SSP5 8.5).

We found the risks of water stress, extreme temperatures, and flooding are the greatest drivers of climate related potential impact on our value chain.

For risk mitigation, we act in the following ways: Insurance coverage: Where commercially available and cost effective, a moderate amount of financial risk is offset by purchasing and maintaining relevant insurance, such as business interruption insurance.

Case studies are done for specific sites to assess the cost of operational disruption and the impact it will have on company revenue and gross margin.

Finished goods (FG) inventory: General risk management for climate and regional issues leverages the FG inventory for short term buffering.

We hold approximately 8 to 12 weeks of FG products in our networks depending on the criticality and life cycle.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 APPENDICES of the parts.

This buffering strategy is driven through our executive quarterly meeting.

We are also driving multi plant strategies, dual sourcing, and buffering on components to ensure FG production.

Through the SCRM framework, risk assessment via risk categorization measures are conducted, taking into consideration the severity of the risk, likelihood of impact, and complexity of risk mitigation efforts.

We have conducted several risk mitigations audits, assessments, as well as preventive and mitigative actions and activities, and are aware that more work can be done in these areas.

We are committed to continuing our investment of resources to continue building a resilient program with a more flexible inventory that addresses any gaps in insurance coverage.

To summarize, climate risks are identified by individual functions (see below) and then collated by the ESG team.

The ESG team regularly briefs and aligns with the ESG review board and board of directors’ committees on these items.

In addition, the internal audit team performs an annual risk assessment process to identify current and future risks to the company, and there is a category that currently includes climate related risks.

Going forward, climate related risk will be a dedicated category.

In addition to this formal process, the internal audit team regularly holds informal discussions with leaders to discuss changes in the business and macro environment to identify if any updates to the audit plan are warranted.

Based on these conversations, there is an opportunity for the internal audit team to learn about and prioritize projects related to climate change.

Here are some specific examples of frameworks (and processes), in addition to the response in 3a.

Risk assessment framework: Functional leaders executives are assigned as risk owners.

Risk owners are charged with identifying, reporting, mitigating, and monitoring risks that can impact our ability to achieve business objectives.

Self assessments, changes to the regularity environment, emerging risks, and market trends are key sources of information to identify climate related risks.

For the risk assessment, we use a standardized approach of measuring risk likelihood versus risk impact against key business criteria including operational, regulatory compliance, financial, legal, and reputational.

Each risk is assigned a weightage after determining the effectiveness of the controls to address the risk.

The risk owner uses the weightage as guidance for prioritization and to develop action plans.

Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) framework: Involving the components listed below, SCRM is designed to identify, communicate, and mitigate potential risks and disruptive events across the company for direct materials.

The SCRM framework is designed to focus on specific types of risk, which can then be viewed in aggregate and used to measure operational risk across the organization.

These risk programs include, but are not limited to financial risk, cyber security risk, geopolitical risk, geographic risk, and part level engineering and sourcing (attribute) risk.

Elements of the SCRM framework include climate risk, under the pillar of geographic events, such as hurricanes, severe weather, and wildfires.

The SCRM team is managed under product operations with alignment across corporate cross functional stakeholders.

The collective responsibility of these groups is to review the scope and effectiveness of the SCRM program.

Section 4: Climate related metrics and targets 4a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Overall carbon emissions from scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 sources are considered when assessing our climate related risks and opportunities.

The ESG team uses carbon emissions data and related metrics to track progress against goals.

Work continuity resilience, as measured by level of insurance.

Energy intensity, as measured by kilowatt hour gross square feet,.

In 2023, we also created a carbon plan to manage our decarbonization goals and targets.

Company’s growth projections and climate risk factors are overlaid on the baseline carbon inventory to estimate the business as usual scenario.

Carbon mitigation efforts are identified and estimated to complete the emissions reduction solutions.

Intuitive considers all options and a balanced approach between operational efficiency projects, renewable solutions, and supply chain logistics to help reduce scope 1, 2, and 3 sources systematically.

The company will consider the Science Based Target Initiative.

Intuitive has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1 December 31, 2023, with reference to the GRI Standards.

Introduction to da Vinci Technology: Before attending a technology training session at an Intuitive training center, our program begins with an introduction to our system, tools, and technology.

Technology Training Phase II da Vinci Technology Training (TR 100 TR 200): Following their introduction to the technology, surgeons are immersed in self led and hands on training activities designed to increase proficiency and confidence with the system.

Initial Case Series Plan (TR300 Proctoring): This phase focuses on the clinical application of technical skills through attendance at a peer to peer course and a series of proctor guided cases.

Continuing Development (TR 400 500): Phase four is based on a central element of our training philosophy: continuous development.

Intuitive supports a surgeon’s training journey, through all stages of their career.

Training collaborations include but are not limited to: The Royal College of Surgeons of England The Royal College of Surgeons of England (RCS England) has introduced a three year program aimed at fast tracking the integration of robotics in national healthcare and training surgeons in robotic assisted surgery (RAS). The initiative seeks to establish a professional network to shape the future of surgery through RAS development on a national level.

Intuitive’s collaboration with RCS England focuses on transforming surgical practices and reviewing RAS evidence for improved patient outcomes.

The program aims to build a network of RAS experts and surgeons, aligning with the UK government’s workforce plan for the NHS.

An independent expert group will oversee research, training, data quality improvement, and public awareness initiatives, while RCS England provides dedicated robotics e learning resources and integrates RAS into its broader learning offerings.

Newcastle Surgical Training Centre In Newcastle, England Europe’s inaugural robotic surgery school features a state of the art operating theater, offering hands on experience to approximately 30 trainee surgeons.

In collaboration with the Newcastle Surgical Training Centre, the goal is to equip the next generation of surgeons with RAS skills from the outset, with plans to expand the program nationwide.

Appendix D Intuitive Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) BLACK at Intuitive BLACK (Brave Leaders and Allies for the Advancement of Community through Knowledge) at Intuitive is committed to the recruitment, employee development, and professional advancement of Black employees across the company.

The BLACK at Intuitive ERG leadership team develops programs that leverage members’ unique experiences in order to enhance their careers, accelerate the hiring of diverse talent, and drive systemic change at Intuitive and beyond.

To commemorate Black History Month in 2023, BLACK at Intuitive hosted a webinar, highlighting Black leaders at the company who exemplify excellence.

Diverse Abilities The Diverse Abilities ERG is dedicated to ensuring that people with disabilities are represented, valued, and deeply embedded into the culture at Intuitive.

They highlight contributions of employees with disabilities and promote understanding, compassion, and respect for those with visible and non visible disabilities.

Diverse Abilities contributes to our participation in Disability:IN’s Disability Equality Index (DEI), where Intuitive has been named a top scoring company.

In 2023, Diverse Abilities hosted a panel of Intuitive employees who shared their complex journeys with mental health and mental illness, helping to spread awareness and offer perspective to fellow employees.

HOLA (Hispanic Origins and Latinx Advocacy) creates opportunities to illuminate shared stories and experiences that bring together Intuitive’s Hispanic and Latin American community.

HOLA promotes and elevates its members through collaboration, development, mentoring, and networking.

They support belonging and camaraderie, providing a representative voice that shapes our culture and strategies for building diverse, authentic, and high performing teams.

For Hispanic Heritage Month in 2023, the HOLA ERG hosted a webinar, Latinos: Driving Prosperity, Power, and Progress, highlighting the diversity within the Hispanic community and their contributions to society.

InPAC The Intuitive Pan Asian Community (InPAC) is a place for Asian and Pacific Islander employees and allies across cultures to connect, find support, build community, share celebrations, and advance professional development.

The group helps its members realize their full potential and develop leadership.

In 2023, InPAC invited all employees to celebrate Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) Heritage month and held Diwali celebrations.

The events featured cultural experiences, including food and dance, providing an opportunity to learn more about countries across the Asian region.

LGBTQ issues, enables advocates, and provides support for those who need it.

It helps create an environment where employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work.

PRIDE organizes events that enable people to connect and embrace unique identities, bring awareness and education to the broader Intuitive community about the experiences of LGBTQ employees, and participate in conferences and recruiting events.

The PRIDE ERG recognized LGBTQ History Month with a focus on health equity, hosting a panel of LGBTQ surgeons and hospital administrators to share examples of specialized care and how Intuitive’s products support patients.

VETS (Veterans Engaged for Teamwork and Support) supports military veterans across the company, honoring those who defend, serve, and inspire our mission while providing connection, camaraderie, and opportunities to give back to the larger community.

VETS celebrates key moments of honoring and remembrance throughout the year, as well as engaging the broader company in giving campaigns for nonprofit organizations supporting veterans and their families.

In 2023, the VETS ERG focused on the themes of service and sacrifice, highlighting military families and spouses as well as coordinating fundraisers to assist veteran mental health, homelessness, and healthcare.

Lyra is our Mental Health provider that extends a range of resources to our employees and their dependents, including work and life solutions beyond mental health support.

As of 2023, Intuitive employees have access to a company sponsored membership on the UrbanSitter platform, providing a network of trusted caregivers to address diverse caregiving requirements from childcare and senior care to house cleaning and pet sitting.

In 2022, we introduced Cariloop Caregiver Support as employee benefit.

The platform connects users with a dedicated Care Coach.

This service helps provide support to caregiving employees across a range of topics like locating suitable providers, understanding diagnoses, managing payment for care, and more.

Accolade is a resource that connects employees with health assistants and nurses to navigate health care pathways, including no cost telehealth and video visits and expert second opinion services.

Women Intuitive Network The Women Intuitive Network (WIN) is committed to cultivating an environment at Intuitive where all women identified employees can grow and thrive, with emphasis on hiring, developing, retaining, and advancing women.

In 2023, we consolidated multiple women’s groups groups into a single ERG focused on supporting all women within the organization.

WIN’s collaboration with InPAC during Women’s History Month featured a guest speaker who discussed the importance of authentic leadership in fostering community, connection, trust, and the value of vulnerability.

Appendix E Employee benefits Employee recruitment, performance, development, engagement and well being are essential in building our company.

That is why we offer comprehensive benefits that begin on the first day of employment.

Employee wellness Our wellness offerings promote a holistic approach to good health.

In 2023, we rolled out GIThrive, a no cost benefit to support employees with digestive health issues.

The Intuitive Total Rewards team highlights health awareness months, including Obesity Care Week, Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month, and Fibroid Awareness Month providing employees with educational and benefits resources.

Ways of Working We have instituted a new Ways of Working (WoW) model that focuses on balancing high performance, productivity and employee needs.

With our new WoW model, employees operate under one of four work models: onsite, set schedule, purposeful onsite, and remote.

Our goal with WoW is to attract, retain, develop, and engage our world class team and create a working environment that allows us to effectively pursue our mission and achieve our goals.

Our global ergonomic program assesses and mitigates ergonomic risks.

Employees have access to job hazard analysis sheets to identify hazardous situations to be assessed and corrected.

We provide a range of opportunities for employees to enhance their safety knowledge and skills.

All employees who work 20 hours a week or more are eligible for benefits, as are dependents, including spouses domestic partners, children up to age 26, and children of any age who are disabled.

This program is available to all employees and dependents (age 18 and older) enrolled in an Intuitive Surgical Blue Shield medical plan at no cost.

Participation in GIThrive is private and confidential.

Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 2023 APPENDICES guidance, and safety suggestions.

In the U.S. and Mexico, our BeSafe program enables direct communication among company officials, employees, and first responders during emergencies.

Employees complete annual environmental awareness training that promotes awareness, compliance, and participation in our environmental management efforts.

In 2023, we achieved a training completion rate of 100% within 60 days of assignment.

The practical steps we take to ensure that our employees have access to clean air include: using air filtration systems, monitoring air quality, incorporating operable windows, and using construction materials that emit fewer pollutants.

Global resources for reporting health and safety events are accessible to all employees.

Our internal policies cover the process for reporting health and safety events and we maintain records in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements.

Health and safety audits In accordance with our ISO 14001 certified EMS, we conduct external and internal audits annually at our in scope sites.

Our health, safety, and security inspection program includes quarterly audits of U.S. manufacturing buildings and weekly checks of hazardous accumulation areas.

Behavior based safety audits occur bi monthly for manufacturing supervisors and monthly for directors, while annual CUPA inspections occur at our primary manufacturing locations in Santa Clara and Sunnyvale.

At our Mexicali site, monthly quality inspections are performed across technicians, managers, and supervisors and the fire department conducts an annual inspection and hazardous waste accumulation is inspected weekly.

In Aubonne, an ISO 14001 audit is conducted internally and externally on an annual basis, and health and safety walkthrough is performed quarterly.

Relevant operating guidelines and procedures We adhere to the latest industry specific guidelines and procedures for sustainability and efficiency, aligning with recommended protocols set forth by regulatory agencies.

U.S. Department of Labor Occupational Safety and Health Administration.

Secretar a de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales (SEMARNAT) (Translation: Secretariat of Environment and Natural Resources.

Procuraduria Federal de Proteccion al Ambiente (PROFEPA) (Translation: Federal Attorney for Environmental Protection).

La Comisi n Estatal de Servicios P blicos de Mexicali (Translation: Mexicali State Public Services Commission.

International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001.

International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 13485.

Fatality rate disclosures In the U.S., incidents are reported to Cal OSHA, while in Mexicali, we contact STPS and Social Security.

Intuitive prioritizes employee safety and health, maintaining systems for incident reporting and mitigation.

Appendix G Global community impact programs Programs in Asia Pacific The India Literacy Project In 2023 we continued our commitment to operating in accordance with India’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) mandate, enacted in 2014, by supporting the India Literacy Project.

The India Literacy Project (ILP), a volunteer based organization operating in the U.S. and India, aims to promote literacy and education in India.

California Division of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH), better known as Cal OSHA.

Country of Santa Clara Department of Environmental Health.

FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH).

ILP’s primary goal is to help children in government schools attain grade appropriate skills and develop pathways to productive careers.

In 2023, Intuitive India supported the Multi Dimensional Learning Space (MDLS), which seeks to transform seven government schools into vibrant learning environments by equipping teachers with purpose built tools like hands on science kits, digital content, and effective teaching techniques.

Additionally, these schools’ learning infrastructure will be upgraded to include smart classrooms, science labs, and libraries, facilitating immersive and experiential learning.

Overall, this program reached seven schools, 550 students, and 24 teachers in 2023.

Intuitive India also donated bicycles, assembled by our employees, to help Agastya students commute to school.

These children reside in a village where public transportation is infrequent or non existent.

Career days at Intuitive Taiwan Intuitive Taiwan and the Children Welfare League Foundation (CWLF) recently collaborated on a series of career days.

Attendees experienced simulations of surgery and even got to test drive the da Vinci system, sparking newfound aspirations.

CWLF expressed gratitude for this investment in the children’s future, emphasizing the importance of such initiatives in nurturing inspiration and hope.

Programs in M xico Internship program In 2023, Intuitive Mexicali welcomed university interns from across M xico.

This program offers two six month cohorts, engaging nearly 30 students.

Notably, three interns secured full time positions at Intuitive.

This initiative demonstrates Intuitive’s commitment to nurturing and hiring local talent.

CETYS scholarship program Following the highlights outlined in our 2022 ESG report, Intuitive is committed to providing six full scholarships to promising undergraduates at CETYS University.

Last year, we welcomed the first two scholars, and this year, we awarded two more scholarships, for a total of four students enjoying the benefits of this initiative.

CETYS Business and Management Conference Intuitive Mexicali hosted a Business and Management conference for 30 students from CETYS Universidad.

This event facilitated connections between these students and local career opportunities, setting them on the path to future success.

UNAM Nursing School Robotic Surgery Education As part of our commitment to nurturing healthcare talent, Intuitive supported UNAM’s nursing graduate program.

We hosted faculty visits to familiarize professors with our company.

In September, nursing students visited Intuitive to learn about robotic assisted surgery and the role of nurses during robotic surgery.

Tecnol gico de Monterrey and Universidad Xochicalco Visits Intuitive is dedicated to building strong relationships with Mexican universities.

We explored a partnership with Tecnol gico de Monterrey, aiming to deepen the integration medical robotics into their curriculum and explore potential dVRK partnerships.

In addition, Universidad Xochicalco invited Intuitive to present on robotic surgery, exposing 300 medical students to its benefits.

We are now considering a partnership to enhance robotic surgery training in their curriculum.

Baja California’s program to nurture local talent by providing support to university students.

In 2023, we joined this initiative on behalf of the medical device industry, collaborating with four local universities to further its goals.

In October 2023, we hosted facility visits as part of a CETYS University Engineering Symposium, where we educated student attendees about this program, marking our ongoing commitment to this government led initiative.

Appendix H Intuitive Ventures and ESG investment fund Intuitive Ventures invests in companies reimagining the future of minimally invasive care.

Their global focus spans diagnostics, medtech, therapies, and digital health.

Their global focus spans diagnostics, medtech, therapies, and digital health.

Focus of Intuitive Ventures Intuitive Ventures extends Intuitive’s commitment to converging robotic systems, digital tools, and clinical need in search of new ways to understand, diagnose, treat, and manage disease.

Improving access and coordination lowering the barriers to minimally invasive care through driving efficient, cost effective, accessible and coordinated care.

Precision diagnostics and interventions leveraging the convergence of medtech, life sciences, and therapeutics to drive precise diagnostics and interventions in minimally invasive care.

Secure, enriched digital ecosystems unlocking the potential of novel healthcare data to enhance minimally invasive care.

ESG Investment Fund In 2023, for the first time, we allocated 100M of our investments into an ESG money market fund, which directly contributed a portion of its management fees to community development, with an emphasis on affordable housing.

This decision underscores our commitment to aligning our investment objectives with our environmental, social, and governance principles.

Appendix I Sustainability features in our built environment: Renewable energy production Reduces environmental and economic harms associated with fossil fuel energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by increasing the supply of renewable energy projects and foster a just transition to a green economy.

CUPA stands for Certified Unified Program Agencies administered by the Enforcement and Emergency Response Division (EERD) under the Department of Toxic Substances Control.

Students from universities in other cities states are also encouraged to apply.

Building level energy metering Supports energy management and identifies opportunities for additional energy savings by tracking building level energy use .

Optimized energy performance Increases levels of energy performance to reduce environmental and economic harms associated with excessive energy use and greenhouse gas emissions that disproportionately impact frontline communities.

Heat island reduction Minimizes inequitable effects on microclimates and human health, especially frontline communities, and wildlife habitats.

Indoor and outdoor water use reduction Uses water saving techniques divert to divert less water from our rivers, bays, and estuaries, which helps keep the environment healthy.

It can also reduce water and wastewater treatment costs and the amount of energy used to treat, pump, and heat water.

Building level water metering Supports water management and identifies opportunities for additional water savings by tracking water consumption.

Rainwater management Reduces runoff volume and improves water quality by replicating the natural hydrology and water balance of the site, based on historical conditions and undeveloped ecosystems in the region to avoid contributing to flooding downstream in frontline communities.

Cooling tower water use Conserves water used for cooling tower makeup while controlling microbes, corrosion, and scale in the condenser water system.

Storage and collection of recyclables Reduces the waste that is generated by building occupants and hauled to and disposed of in landfills.

Building product disclosure and optimization Encourages the use of products and materials for which life cycle information is available and that have environmentally, economically, and socially preferable life cycle impacts.

Electric vehicle charging Helps to reduce pollution by promoting alternatives to conventionally fueled automobiles.

Indoor air quality Promotes occupants’ comfort, well being, and productivity by improving indoor air quality.

Biophilic design Supports and improves human health, well being, and productivity by providing and incorporating elements of nature in the indoor environment.

Enhanced refrigerant management Helps to reduce ozone depletion and support early compliance with the Montreal Protocol while minimizing direct contributions to climate change.

Interior lighting management Promotes occupants’ productivity, comfort, and well being by providing high quality lighting.

Light pollution reduction Increases night sky access, improve nighttime visibility, and reduces the consequences of development for wildlife and people.

Enhanced commissioning Further supports the design, construction, and eventual operation of a project that meets the owner’s project requirements for energy, water, indoor environmental quality, and durability.

Sensitive land protection Mitigates the development of environmentally sensitive lands and reduce the environmental impact from the location of a building on a site.

Construction and demolition waste management Reduces construction and demolition waste disposed of in landfills and incineration facilities by recovering, reusing, and recycling materials.

Across Intuitive Business Series ESG The Across Intuitive Business Series (AIBS) is an employee education initiative delving into fundamental topics about Intuitive, introducing various departments, and fostering connections among our workforce.

At the AIBS session in April 2023, our Head of ESG presented our company’s ESG roadmap, engaging panelists in a dialogue about the implications of ESG in their respective domains.

This enlightening session drew an audience of more than 1,300 employees worldwide.

ESG Learning Summit for Earth Day The ESG Learning Summit for Earth Day , hosted in Sunnyvale, CA, gave attendees the opportunity to gain knowledge on sustainability initiatives across the company and hear from some of our leaders on the ways in which ESG enriches our patients first mission.

World Environment Day World Environment Day, established by the United Nations in 1974 and celebrated annually on June 5th, serves as a pivotal global platform for environmental advocacy.

In 2023, our global employees engaged in a photo challenge, capturing natural landscapes to raise environmental awareness and foster creativity.

In Mexicali, over seventy employees pledged to embrace eco friendly practices, educate their families about recycling and energy conservation, and adopted trees for planting.

Furthermore, Mexicali employees volunteered to enhance a local school’s environment by painting, cleaning, and planting trees, benefiting nearly 250 children.

Intern water treatment plant research project Interns from Intuitive Mexicali, who are students at the Universidad Aut noma de Baja California, conducted a feasibility study for the restoration of a local water treatment facility initially used for sports and green area irrigation.

The study is now completed, and a cost benefit analysis is underway.

Intuitive is considering direct investment in the facility’s restoration or exploring alternative means to provide irrigation water to the community.

These interns received compensation from Intuitive and resources from Technol gico de Mexicali, empowering local students to contribute to their community while gaining valuable technical skills for their future careers.

Environmental engagement in Aubonne At our site in Aubonne, Switzerland, efforts are underway to identify local initiatives that reduce carbon emissions and align with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

Organized by EH S EMEA, two workshops have been conducted thus far, with plans to establish a local sustainability team to drive and oversee the implementation of the project.

In addition, employees in Aubonne participated in a volunteer opportunity to remove invasive plants in a protected natural area of the canton of Geneva.

These efforts are important for supporting biodiversity preservation as well as ecosystem health and function.

April 22 (Saturday) to demonstrate support for environmental protection.

First held on April 22, 1970, it now includes a wide range of global events coordinated by EarthDay.org, reaching 1 billion people in over 193 countries.