2023
Impact 
ReportTable of Contents

A Message from Our Leaders

Project UP

03
04
11
14
16
21

Fulfilling Our $100 Million Commitment
Connectivity and Adoption
Skills: Building a More Equitable Workforce
Creativity: Empowering Diverse Creatives to Shine
Creating Opportunities through Entrepreneurialism
Team UP: Engaging Our Volunteer Community

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

24
27
31
35
38

Focusing on Belonging
Developing Diverse Talent
Inclusivity through Innovation
Advancing Representation on and behind the Screen
2022 Diversity Data

Environment

44
48
52
54

Reducing Our Carbon Footprint
Harnessing Clean Energy and Technology
Powering a Greener, Cleaner Internet
Sustainability from Script to Screen

See “ESG Reporting and Disclosure" on page 58 for other ways we report on ESG-related issues.

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Impact Report includes estimates, projections and statements regarding environmental, social and governance-
related plans, objectives and goals that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report. These forward-looking 
statements  generally  are  identified  by  the words  “believe,”  “project,”  “expect,”  “anticipate,”  “estimate,” “intend,” 
“potential,”  “strategy,”  “future,”  “opportunity,” “commit,”  “plan,”  “goal,”  “may,”  “should,”  “could,” “would,”  “will,” 
“continue,” “will likely result” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations 
and assumptions  that  are  subject  to  risks  and uncertainties  that  may  cause actual  results  to  differ materially.  In 
evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks and uncertainties we describe in 
the “Risk  Factors”  sections  of  our  Forms  10-K and  10-Q  and  other  reports  we file  with  the  Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”). The inclusion of forward-looking and other statements in this Impact Report is not an indication 
that they are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. Such statements 
may contain estimates, make assumptions based on developing standards that may change and provide aspirations 
and commitments that  are  not  intended to be promises  or  guarantees.  Readers  are  cautioned  not to place  undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements and such other statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. 
We undertake  no  obligation  to  update  or  revise  publicly  any  forward-looking or  such  other  statements, whether 
because of new information, future events or otherwise.

01

02

23

43

COM CAST CORPORAT ION

2 02 3   I M PAC T REPO RT

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

A Message from Our Leaders

June 1, 2023

Supporting our local communities has been core to Comcast’s 
DNA since our founding. Over our nearly 60 years, that 
commitment has not only grown but evolved to support society’s 
most pressing needs. In 2022, our wonderful teammates around 
the world — together with many incredible partners — worked 
purposefully and tirelessly to advance digital equity, champion 
diversity and inclusion, and foster a cleaner environment.



We once again saw improvement in diversity within our 
workforce. Through inclusive recruitment and partnerships, we 
are attracting diverse talent and providing opportunities for 
development and growth. To build a pipeline from classrooms to 
newsrooms and the media industry, NBCU Academy, which 
trains the next generation of diverse content creators, has 
reached 45 academic partners around the country.



We entered 2023 with great momentum, energized to continue 
our mission. We have now fully allocated our multi-year $100 
million pledge to social justice and equality, and will continue this 
important initiative through Project UP, our $1 billion plan to 
connect people to the Internet, invest in access to digital skills, 
and strengthen pathways to economic mobility.



We also made measurable progress toward our carbon neutral 
goal – reducing our emissions 38% since 2019 – and took a 
critical step by joining the Science Based Targets initiative on 
climate action. Our ongoing investment in clean energy and 
energy efficiency will remain a primary focus of our 
decarbonization strategy in the years ahead.



Last year, we surpassed our goal of opening over 1,250 Lift Zones, 
which provide free WiFi in neighborhood centers, scaled a 
nationwide Digital Navigator network to get more Americans 
online, and fulfilled our promise to support 13,000 
underrepresented small businesses hard hit by the pandemic. And 
with the founding of Sky Up in the UK, our connectivity and skills 
programs are now helping more people secure jobs and climb the 
economic ladder globally.

Finally, we introduced Team UP, our expanded employee 
volunteer program — built upon a successful 20 years of service 
through Comcast Cares — that reminds us we are more effective 
when we join forces.



It is with great pride that we reflect on our shared 
accomplishments while remaining mindful that there is still work 
to do. Our collective impact would not be possible without our 
extraordinary employees and partners. They inspire us with their 
dedication to creating a future of unlimited possibilities.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

Brian L. Roberts

Chairman & Chief Executive  
Officer, Comcast Corporation

Dalila Wilson-Scott

Executive Vice President & Chief 
Diversity Officer, Comcast 
Corporation; President, Comcast 
NBCUniversal Foundation

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

01

We work passionately to drive economic mobility for underrepresented and low-income communities. Backed by a $1 billion commitment, Project UP deepens the impact of our efforts to connect people to the Internet, deliver digital skills, and create new career pathways in media and technology to help build a world of unlimited possibilities.Project UPCOMCAST CORPORATION022023 IMPACT REPORT*Amounts apply to external partners and programs. These are examples for each focus area, and do not represent a complete list.Focus Areas*Digital Equity Media & AwarenessSocial JusticeSmall Business$5M$17M$41M$12MFulfilling Our$100 Million Commitmenthelp champion a more connected, equitable, and just world. We’re proud to saythat we fulfilled this commitment in 2022, which was foundational in laying the groundwork for many of our Project UP initiatives to grow and thrive. In June 2020, we accelerated our longstanding work toward advancing Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) by pledging an additional $100 million, on top of our existing commitments, to In-Kind$25MFULFILLING OUR $100M COMMITMENTEmployeesCOMCAST CORPORATION032023 IMPACT REPORT01MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPWith the goals of breaking down barriers to digital literacy and opening doors to economic mobility, Comcast has been an innovative leader in increasing access to, and adoption of, the Internet. In 2022, we helped grow a nationwide network of Digital Navigators — individuals who are affiliated with trusted, local, community-based organizations who help people get online, secure a device, and build digital skills.
While Digital Navigators provide a bridge to Internet adoption, the federal government’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) ensures that the Internet is readily accessible through a $30 monthly credit ($75 a month in tribal areas). We are proud to participate in the ACP, with two products fully covered by the monthly credit: Internet Essentials and Internet Essentials Plus. We also support public-private partnerships and nonprofit organizations that are spreading the message about the ACP. For example:

Bondadosa, a social enterprise that offers a healthy food delivery service in Denver, Colorado, is delivering information on the ACP to food-insecure individuals.

“To be fully connected as a society, we first have to get connected. Comcast has been at the forefront of addressing digital equity within Colorado for years, and its partnership is instrumental to our efforts to expand connectivity in our communities.” — James Coleman, Colorado State SenatorBoys & Girls Club of Puget Sound provides young people with safe spaces, caring mentors, and technology access.

“Strong ties between our public, private, and nonprofit sectors will continue to be critical, as we all work collaboratively toward our shared goals. I thank Comcast for their partnership and continued efforts to support digital access and adoption for those in need, particularly across the South Puget Sound region.” — Victoria Woodards, Mayor of Tacoma, WashingtonIncreasing Awareness of Low-Cost or Free InternetConnectivity  and AdoptionBridging the Generational Divide: In Detroit, teens from the Boys & Girls Club of Southeastern Michigan helped St. Patrick Senior Center residents learn to use the Internet more comfortably and confidently by teaching them basic digital skills, from getting online to using video for connecting with family members.BONDADOSAST. PATRICK CENTERCONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION Awarded in 2022 to 225+ organizations that raise awareness of the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) and train Digital Navigators$11.4M+COMCAST CORPORATION042023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION 

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Digital Navigators Create a Nationwide Impact


Trained and trusted Digital Navigators are spreading out across the 
country to help close the digital divide. From coast to coast, these 
community-based individuals help people navigate the digital 
world, creating more opportunities for economic mobility.



A Comcast-supported Boston Consulting Group study found that, 
thanks to assistance from a Digital Navigator, more than 65% of 
participants gained access to home Internet or a device and 33% 
found a new job or earned a higher income.

Goodwill, Olympics & Rainier

Tacoma, Washington

Life Line Colorado

Denver, Colorado

St. Patrick Senior Center

Detroit, Michigan

Tech Goes Home

Boston, Massachusetts

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

05

Number of Charitable 
Foundation & Corporate Grants

1

10+

A Connectivity Game Changer: Alisha Jones is a single mother from Maryland working toward an associate’s degree. As a participant in the Comcast-supported Goodwill workforce development program, she used her Internet Essentials Plus connection to take classes at her local community college. Her two sons use the Internet at home for their schoolwork and college applications.

“This is what we consider our game changer,” Alisha said while introducing President Biden at a May 2022 White House event highlighting the ACP’s success. “Through our high-speed broadband provider, Comcast, we were able to stay connected with family, receive telehealth care, go to classes, and access other necessary resources.”Comcast has been working on digital equity issues for over a decade, and I believe that the ACP offers even more support to achieve our goals.Dave Watson 
President & CEO, Comcast CableCONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION ALISHA JONESCOMCAST CORPORATION062023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION 

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Advancing Internet Essentials

Our Internet Essentials program — the industry’s largest and most 
comprehensive private-sector broadband adoption initiative — has 
helped bridge the digital divide by bringing affordable, high-speed 
Internet, access to low-cost devices, and free digital skills training to 
more than 10 million low-income Americans since 2011.

220,000

600+

Laptops donated or 
subsidized to individuals and 
communities since 2011

Internet Essentials Partnership 
Program partners fully covering 
the cost of Internet service for 
lower-income families

200+

10M

Lessons offered via the 
Internet Essentials Learning 
Center, our online learning 
resource for all ages

In over 10 years, Internet 
Essentials has connected 10 
million Americans to affordable, 
high-speed Internet

BOYS  &  G IR L S  C LUB

OF  SOU TH WEST  WASH IN GTON

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

202 3   I M PAC T  RE PORT

07

H ISPA N IC  F IESTA

P H ILA D EL P H IA ,   P EN N SY LVA N IA

IN TER N ET  ESSEN TIA L S

  L A P TOP  GIVEAWAY,  OA KL A N D,  CA L IFOR N IA

CA P TION

BOYS & GIRLS CLUB
OF SNOHOMISH COUNTY, WASHINGTONdigitally excluded people through a dedicated fund. The initiative, Sky Up, supports people to succeed in a digital age. This includes a goal to set up 100 Sky Up Digital Hubs to join the Lift Zone family. Over the next three years, Sky Up Tech Grants will provide 1,000 18- to 25-year-olds leaving the UK’s care system with software-loaded tech devices, Internet connections, and skills training to support them in the transition to living independently.In 2022, Sky launched its ambition to tackle digital inequality with a three-part initiative providing support to a quarter of a millionIntroducing Sky UpWe partner with nonprofits focused on advancing digital equity:Partnering with Indigenous PopulationsNational Urban Indian Family Coalition (NUIFC) is an advocate for American Indian and Alaska Native families living in urban communities and helps drive Internet adoption.American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) creates a culturally relevant computer science curriculum for Indigenous high school students.Sky is focused on unlocking opportunities with the tools, skills and programs that we provide through Sky Up. Tackling digital inequality is  at the heart of our work to empower young people to fulfill their potential.Dana Strong
CEO, SkyCONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION SKY UP DIGITAL HUBSCOMCAST CORPORATION082023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION 

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

A Lift Zones Milestone

We were thrilled to exceed our goal of launching 1,250 
Lift Zones by the end of 2022. These community 
centers provide free WiFi access and a suite of digital 
literacy programs and workforce development 
training resources. Lift Zones are now operational 
inside many military veteran-serving organizations, 
including Alpha Omega Veterans Services Inc. in 
Memphis, Tennessee.

BOYS  &  G IR L S  CLUB  OF  SN OH OM ISH , 
WASH IN GTON

Y M CA  OF  G R EATER  CH ICAG O

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

09

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CONNECTIVITY AND ADOPTION 

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

The Road to Digital Equity:  
Q&A with Broderick Johnson

EVP, Public Policy & EVP, Digital Equity, Comcast Corporation

Q

A

Q

A

Closing the digital divide is a complex challenge. Why is 
public-private partnership so important?



No one entity can deliver digital equity and opportunity 
alone; it requires a holistic approach. At Comcast, we realize 
that to make an impact in a given community, you have to 
know the people who live there. By partnering with thousands 
of community-based organizations to create connections 
with policymakers, businesses, and nonprofits, we’re 
addressing these multipronged problems. And with an 
unprecedented federal investment in broadband, there’s no 
better time to do this vital work together.

What role do Digital Navigators play, and why is a personal 
approach to building digital skills so important?



Digital Navigators are on the front lines of their communities, 
equipped with patience and kindness, and trained to help 
people access the Internet, use devices, and build digital 
skills. They’re trusted voices who help people get online, 
safely and confidently, and for the long term. Having 
someone from their community who understands their 
situation, family, environment, and language creates a sense 
of safety and trust for underserved populations.

Q

A

We hear a lot about barriers to Internet access and  
digital adoption. Is tackling the digital skills gap an 
overlooked challenge?



Indeed. We have a special opportunity to bring digital skills 
resources to communities that need them the most. This 
includes employees from underrepresented communities as 
well as small businesses and education providers, many of 
whom rely on publicly funded programs to upskill employees. 
Currently, more than 90% of all jobs require digital skills, but 
nearly one-third of U.S. workers lack basic digital skills, 
according to a National Skills Coalition report. Our roadmap 
includes increased public investments in digital skill-building 
and continued nurturing of public and private partnerships to 
give everyone the opportunity to succeed in today’s digital 
world.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   IM PAC T REPO RT

1 0

Across our enterprise, we are driving initiatives and programming to create a more equitable workforce and build pathways to economic mobility.

At the SCTE Cable-Tec Expo in Philadelphia, more than 50 students from our Project UP partners CodePath and Per Scholas heard from Comcast engineers and technologists about careers in tech and future opportunities at Comcast. “Being at Comcast was a life-changing experience,” says Per Scholas student Devin Blair. “Networking and talking to different people about technology — you don’t get these types of experiences where I’m from, and I have Per Scholas and Comcast to thank for that.”SKILLS:Building a  More Equitable WorkforceSKILLSAs a company, we remain deeply committed to helping create transformational change so that everyone – in every community – has a chance to realize their dreams.Dalila Wilson-Scott
EVP & Chief Diversity Officer, 
Comcast CorporationSPEAKER AT SCTE CABLE-TEC EXPOCOMCAST CORPORATION112023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
SKILLS

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Exploring STEAM Careers through Jurassic World

A group of 350 excited students attended the “Jurassic World Rule 
Your Future STEAM Initiative Symposium” at Universal Studios 
Hollywood, which included a college/career fair and a panel 
discussion with the filmmakers and stars of the movie. As part of the 
event, Comcast surprised the students with free laptops. The event 
was part of a partnership with the Council for Opportunity in 
Education (COE) to launch a $1.5 million program that aims to 
inspire low-income and first generation-to-college students to 
pursue careers in STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, 
and Math). In collaboration with Universal Pictures and the Jurassic 
franchise, a three-part curriculum in STEAM was developed for use 
by educators and administrators of programs across the country. 



“The Jurassic World Rule Your Future STEAM Symposium is an 
example of Comcast at its finest — bringing together our best assets 
and partners to create a life-changing moment for first-generation 
students to see themselves in the careers of the future.” — Marge 
Jackson, SVP, Sales, Comcast Cable

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

1 2

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
SKILLS

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

The Power of Partnership

To create the equitable workforce of the future, Comcast partners 
with dozens of incredible nonprofits that strengthen the pipeline for 
media and technology jobs in underrepresented communities.

Hispanic Federation

Comcast and Telemundo partnered with the 
Hispanic Federation to provide grants to 20 
Latino-led nonprofits, to offer digital skills 
training and employment resources through 
community-based Latino Digital Equity Centers.

Easterseals

Affiliates in Massachusetts, Indiana, and 
Washington received a grant to support their 
youth transition programs, which provide STEM-
focused employment and digital skills training.

Roybal Film and Television Production 
Magnet Fund

NBCUniversal is a founding partner of this fund, 
which supports the Los Angeles public schools’ 
mission to build a more inclusive pipeline of 
underrepresented college- and career-ready 
students interested in careers in film and TV.

Bridging the digital divide 
that disproportionately 
impacts Latinos is key to 
creating economic 
opportunity in the Latino 
community and a more 
equitable society.  We’re 
excited to partner with 
Comcast NBCUniversal to 
equip Latinos with the skills 
they need to thrive in the 
workforce of tomorrow.

Frankie Miranda

President & CEO, Hispanic Federation

COM C AST CORPORATI ON

H ISPA N IC  CEN TER  OF  WESTER N   M ICH IGA N

2 02 3   I M PAC T R E PO RT

1 3

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CREATIVITY

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

CREATIVITY:
Empowering Diverse 
Creatives to Shine

In 2022, we leaned into what we do 
best — storytelling. NBCUniversal’s 
Creative Impact Lab launched with

the dual mission to broaden access and promote equity in the 
creative sector, as well as to help shine a light on the important 
work of our nonprofit partners across a wide range of industries.

NBCUniversal has forged partnerships with many creative 
nonprofits around the country, who employ apprentices from 
underrepresented communities. We pair these organizations with 
our existing nonprofit partners who need help telling their stories of 
positive impact. “By giving students assignments under the 
mentorship of NBCUniversal employees, they are learning critical 
skills, broadening their networks and building portfolios,” says 
Hilary Smith, EVP, Corporate Social Responsibility, NBCUniversal. 



Digital equity partner Per Scholas partnered with the creative 
agency Youth FX to help tell the story of how they are providing skills 
training to individuals who are often excluded from tech careers. 
The filmmaking organization for youth, Reel Works, created a sizzle 
reel to highlight our partner America On Tech’s work to broaden 
access to technology careers. The newly formed NBCU Creative 
Council includes employees from across the company in creative 
roles who become mentors for young apprentices on Creative 
Impact Lab projects.

The Creative Impact Lab has given us 
the gift of storytelling, with high-
quality content and promotion that 
will help us foster more access and 
equity in the tech sector.

J ESSICA  SA N TA N A

Jessica Santana  
Co-Founder & CEO, America On Tech

The opportunity to apprentice in 
this program made an industry 
accessible that I previously felt was 
inaccessible to people like me.

Jenni Loo 
Creative Impact Lab participant, 
apprentice at Reel Works

J EN N I  LOO

COM CAST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   IM PACT  REPORT

1 4

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CREATIVITY

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Inspiring Creativity in Youth

We are deeply committed to building partnerships with nonprofits 
that offer education and training in media and technology for young 
people who might not otherwise have the opportunity.

Urban Arts Partnership

Urban Arts Partnership designs and implements 
educational programs rooted in the arts and 
technology for underrepresented students.

Story Pirates

This New-York based organization brings 
together teachers, authors, writers, and 
performers to educate students, fostering their 
creativity and curiosity.

Sky’s The Edit

With over 100,000 students registered to 
participate since launching in 2020, students 
from low-income schools across the UK and 
Europe build their creative skills through Sky’s 
unique digital storytelling challenge, and create 
a 90-second news report on topics that matter.

Creating New Opportunities



Our employees play a hands-on role in creating 
opportunities for the next generation of diverse storytellers.



As part of NBCUniversal’s Talent Lab pro bono experience, 
employees are paired with organizations including 
Techqueria, which serves Latinx professions in tech, to 
provide them with a multi-week consultation that solves a 
specific business challenge. Through participation in labs 
like Narrative 4’s Story Exchange, employee volunteers 
develop inclusive leadership skills with themes such as 
social awareness, empathy, cultural competency, and 
listening.



Others mentored trainees from Universal Filmed 
Entertainment Group’s Below-the-Line Traineeship on more 
than a dozen film productions around the world. The 
program includes collaboration with several local partners 
including Film London, Cleveland Film Commission, and 
Hollywood CPR, among others.


COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

TA L EN T  L A B

U R BA N  A RTS  PA RTN ER SH IP

Many business leaders and young innovators — especially those of color — lack the funding or resources to bring their ideas to life. Through our programs and partners, we prepare underrepresented entrepreneurs to build a foundation for success.Creating Opportunities through EntrepreneurialismThe Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs Accelerator connects founders with leaders across our company to build products and technologies in the industries where Comcast operates. Since 2018, 54 companies have completed the program and have gone on to raise more than $125 million combined.$125MCREATING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH ENTREPRENEURIALISMOur Open Doors initiative is the perfect example of how we use our platform to build diversity and representation internally with our employees and externally with our clients and viewers.Peter Blacker
EVP, Streaming & Data Products and Head of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Global Advertising and Partnerships, NBCUniversalNBCUniversal’s Open Doors: Where Small Businesses Thrive (Abriendo Caminos) supports diverse small businesses while providing tools and resources through a bilingual, downloadable playbook in collaboration with the celebrated multicultural creative agency Walton Isaacson.BUILD.org is committed to helping young people develop an entrepreneurial mindset through free and engaging content. Comcast supports the nonprofit’s Design Challenge, a free curriculum to help teachers empower high school students to develop innovative solutions for their communities.
BUILD.ORGCOMCAST CORPORATION162023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPCOMCAST CORPORATIONSTARTOUTEquity for Entrepreneurs: We partner with leading organizations who are committed to driving inclusive economic growth and increasing equity for entrepreneurs. 

Native Women Lead supports emerging Native American women-owned businesses by building community and coalitions. StartOut helps LGBTQ+ entrepreneurs grow their businesses by delivering support and resources needed to compete fairly in today’s business world. The Hidden Genius Project
Since 2014, Comcast has been a proud partner of The Hidden Genius Project, which trains and mentors Black male youth in technology creation, entrepreneurship, and leadership skills.Walker’s Legacy
A new partnership between Comcast and Walker’s Legacy will support their 10,000 Capital Ready campaign — an ambitious initiative to ensure that 10,000 Black women entrepreneurs are “capital ready” by 2025.CREATING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH ENTREPRENEURIALISMWALKER’S LEGACYNATIVE WOMEN LEADHIDDEN GENIUS PROJECTHIDDEN GENIUS PROJECT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CREATING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH ENTREPRENEURIALISM

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Founding in Color

As part of our commitment to championing diverse voices, we use 
our platforms to highlight stories of underrepresented 
entrepreneurs. Founding in Color, presented by Comcast 
NBCUniversal LIFT Labs, is a three-part docuseries that features 
candid interviews exploring the entrepreneurial journeys of Black 
and Latino startup founders, including how they navigate race, 
family, and other challenges while building their businesses.

Showcasing Unwavering Leadership

Black leadership and innovation is celebrated in Echoing Green’s 
Unwavering: The Power of Black Innovation, a Comcast-
supported documentary that first aired on NBC-owned and 
affiliated stations during Black History Month in February 2022. 
The short film profiles nine Black leaders supported by Echoing 
Green’s Black Male Achievement Fellowship, the world’s first 
fellowship for social entrepreneurs creating systemic change for 
Black men and boys.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

1 8

FOU N D IN G  IN   COLOR

In 2022, Comcast RISE achieved its two-year program goal to support diverse entrepreneurs hit hard by COVID-19, providing 13,000 small businesses owned by women and people of color with monetary, technology, and marketing grants.Comcast RISE Reaches Its GoalMonetary grants and  in-kind technology and marketing resourcesPartners working to support entrepreneurs$110M50+Small businesses supportedMetropolitan areas with Comcast RISE businesses 13,0001,321Teresa Ward-Maupin
SVP, Digital and Customer Experience,  Comcast BusinessWe are incredibly proud of the work that the Comcast RISE team has done over its two-year term to help the  small businesses we’ve worked with to not only survive, but also to thrive.HECTOR NUNES
WOODER ICEROBIN HARRIS
HOST, THE ROAD TO RISESHAWN MURPHY
MANLEYS NOTARY 
SERVICEBRIANNA HAIRLSON
BRI’S DANCE PLACESEUNGMIN LEE
HELLO CHICKEN
KOREAN RESTAURANTCREATING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH ENTREPRENEURIALISMCOMCAST CORPORATION192023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
CREATING OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH ENTREPRENEURIALISM

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Meet Comcast RISE Recipients

Pedro Medina: Founder and Chief Data Farmer

Haystack Data Solutions, St. Louis Park, Minnesota



Jennifer Davis: Founder 
Refresh Mobile Teeth Whitening, Tinley Park, Illinois



Ella Mae Gray, M.A., LCPC: Owner, Psychotherapist 
Guiding Principles, LLC Gaithersburg, Maryland



“Being a creative and marketing award recipient of the 
Comcast RISE program was the spark that accelerated my 
personal and professional growth as a person of color in 
technology. The exposure I received from our commercial 
spot helped hone the professionalism of my business, 
expanded our reach, and inspired the use of data science in 
addressing our collective climate and food crises. I couldn’t 
be happier with the support and encouragement we received 
from the Comcast RISE program.”

“Whether they need a quick touch-up or a more 
comprehensive whitening treatment plan, Refresh Mobile 
Teeth Whitening is committed to providing exceptional 
service and personalized care to each and every client. 
With the Comcast RISE grant, I was able to educate 
myself on the latest dental technologies and techniques, 
invest in my dental spa with new lighting and website 
updates, and expand my services to include a broader 
range of cosmetic dental treatments to enhance my 
clients' smiles.”

“Guiding Principles is a psychotherapy practice that was 
founded on the belief that people can change. It's a 
home away from home that is easily accessible to all, 
regardless of ability to pay, and provides individual, 
group, and family therapy services. Receiving a full 
technology makeover package has been a dream come 
true. Because we provide a lot of pro bono and low-cost 
services, there is no budget for new equipment. With new 
computers, we streamlined our administrative services 
and expanded our online services."

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

2 0

In 2022, we introduced a company-wide program called Team UP to provide year-round opportunities for Comcast employees to make a difference in local communities. This includesvolunteering in person or virtually, serving as a nonprofit board member, making a charitable donation through our matching gift program, or supporting our network of partners. Team UP builds on our legacy of community service with flexible, always-on programming that also provides an outlet for our employees to take part in Project UP.

Similar efforts are happening around the world:

NBCUnites encourages NBCUniversal teammates to get involved with local nonprofits focused on building stronger communities, empowering young storytellers, and promoting media and technology skills.

Sky Cares engages thousands of Sky volunteers across Europe, working with more than 60 charity partners across three primary areas: protecting the environment, addressing digital inequality, and alleviating loneliness.TEAM UP:Engaging  Our Volunteer CommunityNonprofit organizations supported by Team UP 5,800$5.6M365Donated through the Matching Gift ProgramDays a year that employees can Team UPEmployees participated  in Team UP8,600TEAM UPSKY CARESNBCUNITESTEAM UPCOMCAST CORPORATION212023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP
TEAM UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT

Teaming UP With Team USA

To celebrate the launch of Team UP, hundreds of Philadelphia-area 
employees joined eight Team USA Olympians and Paralympians to 
participate in volunteer projects with community partners 
including LUCY Outreach, Girls Inc. of Greater Philadelphia & 
Southern New Jersey, and Philabundance.

Serving Those Who Served: Members of the Veterans 
Network (VetNet), Black Employee Network (BEN), and 
other employee resource groups have volunteered for 
seven consecutive years to lay wreaths on the graves of 
veterans at 32 cemeteries as part of National Wreaths 
Across America Day, an annual tradition of honoring the 
memories and service of veterans and their families.

LUCY   OU TR EACH

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

2 2

A passion for advancing Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) drives our work at every level. From onboarding  to partnerships to programming, we continue to deepen our ongoing efforts to advance a positive culture within our company and throughout the industry.Diversity,
Equity &
InclusionCOMCAST CORPORATION232023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
FOCUSING ON BELONGING

43 ENVIRONMENT

Focusing  
on Belonging

Belonging means that all people can see themselves represented 
and feel comfortable expressing themselves and their 
perspectives. When we understand how our different 
backgrounds, viewpoints, and identities shape our daily 
experiences, we help every person feel valued and important — 
and, most importantly, that they belong — throughout their 
personal and professional journey.



To foster this culture of belonging, we have taken action at many 
levels, such as embedding DE&I leaders in each business unit to 
provide leadership, consistency, and accountability. Comcast’s 
rotating DE&I Employee Advisory Council, which consists of 24 
employees across Divisions, Regions, and Business Units, works 
alongside the National DE&I Cable Leadership Council and 
provides advice and recommendations on new products or policies 
that are the outcomes of our company’s DE&I efforts. Universal 
Filmed Entertainment Group established its Inclusion Council in 
2020, which was inspired by studio employees and works to ensure 
that Universal operates as a fully inclusive and equitable 
organization.



We also leverage the knowledge of independent experts through 
Comcast’s Corporate DE&I Advisory Council and Sky’s Diversity 
Advisory Council. These councils, comprised of external business, 
academic, political, and civil rights leaders, help us learn from 
others, find solutions to challenges, and collaborate to create a 
more equitable future.

COM C AST CORPOR AT I ON

Engaging Our Team Members

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) strengthen connections 
and engage employees through listening sessions, 
networking events, volunteerism, cultural celebrations, and 
educational opportunities. To foster these connections, in 
2022 Comcast’s ERG National Leadership Summit brought 
together ERG leaders and DE&I partners to provide 
professional development opportunities and share best 
practices. Additionally, we foster impact through our Elevate 
fund, which provides grants for ERGs to bring collaborative 
and innovative programming to all employees.


Identity Matters: Comcast’s Self-ID campaign 
(pictured right) and Sky's Count Me In encouraged 
employees to share information on gender, race, 
ethnicity, military status, disability status, and 
pronouns to provide valuable insight that helps us 
develop policies and programs to ensure that our 
people are represented and supported.



“Identity is what makes us special and defines us, 
and we are continuously finding new ways to honor 
and recognize this important fact.” — Juan Otero, 
SVP, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Comcast 
Corporation

1. Jerry Marcus  2. Carol Eggert  3. Ai-Lin Chen  4. Kohposh Kuda  5. Anthony Biggs  6. Shena Seneca Tharnish  


7. Melanie Johnson  8. Dalila Wilson-Scott  9. Rodrigo Lopez  10. Colleen Moravec  11. Bill Strahan 12. Kevin Hayes  

13. Juan Otero  14. Terry Vo  15. Loren Hudson  16. Jackie Gadson  17. Yuling Ma  18. Angel Orocho

1

2

3

4

5

10

14

11

15

12

16

17

13

18

2 02 3   I M PAC T REPO RT

24

6

7

8

9

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
FOCUSING ON BELONGING

43 ENVIRONMENT

Sustaining Crucial Conversations 



Dialogue and listening increase understanding and empathy. 
In 2022, we continued to provide many avenues for crucial 
conversations that help us learn and grow.



DE&I Day: A celebration that brings teammates across 
Comcast together to build a deeper understanding of DE&I 
and engage in collective education and thoughtful action.



Meet the Moment: NBCUniversal’s all-employee Diversity, 
Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility learning program 
spotlights internal business efforts, as well as external 
scholars, authors, and thought leaders to guide action at all 
levels of the company.



DE&I Summer Learning Challenge: An educational 
experience where teammates learn about DE&I from the 
company’s Diversity Hub, through video and written 
materials.



Moments That Matter: A podcast hosted by Senior Vice 
President and Comcast Cable Chief Diversity Officer Loren 
Hudson, which welcomes subject matter experts from within 
the organization to provide tips and tools to lead inclusivity.



Inclusion Week: Sky’s event that promotes a range of 
learning options for teams to use to advance their culture of 
inclusion.

2 5
2 0 2 3  I M PAC T REPORT           0 0

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

D E& I  DAY   2023

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
FOCUSING ON BELONGING

43 ENVIRONMENT

DE&I Speaker Series

A highlight throughout the year, the DE&I Speaker Series includes 
engrossing conversations and panel discussions on key issues 
and features prominent speakers who share their perspectives 
and experiences. We hosted 14 DE&I Speaker Series events, 
including those seen on the right:

3,172

The average number of views for DE&I 
Speaker Series live streams in 2022

Susan Cain
The Power of Introverts

Frankie Miranda
Restoration and  
Renewal in Puerto Rico

Rita Moreno
Navigating Hispanic Stereotypes 
in the Entertainment Industry

Issa Rae
Celebrating Black Storytellers

Judy Heumann
Leading a Revolution 
in Disability Inclusion

Billie Jean King
Celebrating Pride

Conversations to Spark Change: “The More You Know,” 
NBC’s iconic public service campaign, has been 
refreshed as longer conversations among well-known 
people, such as Steph Curry and John Legend, to spark 
dialogue and create change.

Wes Studi
Forging New Paths for Native 
Americans in Hollywood and 
Beyond

Michaela Jaé Rodriguez  
The Importance of  
Transgender Representation

Elana Meyers Taylor
Inspiring the Next Generation

General Joseph Dunford
Lessons in Service  
and Leadership

Kenji Yoshino
Inclusion in the Workplace

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

26
2 0 2 3  I M PAC T REPORT           0 0

202 3   I M PAC T  REPORT

Through mentorship, scholarship, education, and access, NBCU Academy is building a pipeline from  the classroom to the newsroom.Yvette Miley  EVP, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion,
NBCU News GroupCelebrating a Decade of Digital Storytelling: In 2022, Sky Up Academy Studios celebrated its 10-year anniversary. Since 2012, Sky has brought together 268,500 young people to help develop their digital storytelling skills through unique, immersive studio experiences.In 2022, we took creative, thoughtful, and intentional actions in our recruitment, development, and networking programs to unleash the talent of diverse populations. These changes are based on our deeply rooted conviction that a diverse workforce creates a stronger company — and a better world.

NBCU Academy sponsors the Original Voices Fellowship in partnership with NBC News Studios, to provide funding for documentary filmmakers who seek out stories that reflect diverse communities. Another program is the NBCU Academy Embed Program, which gives recent graduates the chance to work at NBC News Digital full-time, and has hired 11 recent graduates who are working full-time across the News Group and receiving mentoring and professional development.Developing  Diverse TalentSKY UP ACADEMY STUDIOSDEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENTCOMCAST CORPORATION272023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPNBCUACADEMYAs a company of storytellers, we have the platform and obligation to help inform, entertain, and shed light on important issues and underrepresented populations.Craig Robinson
EVP & Chief Diversity Officer, NBCUniversalWe take great pride in sourcing talent from underrepresented communities at any point in their careers, providing them with meaningful opportunities in front of and behind the camera, and advocating for them as they continue to grow, evolve, and thrive.Promoting Inclusion Across the IndustryTV Directors Program and Female Forward gives directors from underrepresented backgrounds an entry into episodic television by guaranteeing that they will direct an episode of a scripted show while in the program. What’s New: NBCU LAUNCH joined forces with Telemundo’s Mujeres Imparables (Unstoppable Women) to expand the pool of experienced Hispanic female directors in scripted television.The Below-the-Line Traineeship provides on and off-the-job training and mentorship to underrepresented talent pursuing careers behind the camera. What’s New: We collaborated with the Anti-Recidivism Coalition (ARC) to give a system-impacted trainee their first production job on the set of Jordan Peele’s Nope.NBC TV Writers Program prepares emerging diverse writers for careers in television, with the long-term goal of developing the next generation of showrunners and content creators. What’s New: All writers from the 2020-21 program were staffed on a series following the completion of the program.NBC TV WRITERSCOMCAST CORPORATION282023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPDEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
DEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT

43 ENVIRONMENT

Recruiting & Developing

Training & Networking

Advancing & Promoting

We are our committed filling our company with talent that 
represents the widest range of backgrounds and experiences to 
ensure our company reflects the communities we serve.

Tone Networks is an online mentoring and 
coaching platform that helps women and their 
allies at all levels meet their professional goals.

Inclusive leadership training is available to our senior leaders and 
managers, providing them with the practical skills to play an active 
role creating a culture of inclusion.

Create
the Future  
with us

The Create the Future with Us campaign includes 
recruitment videos created by a range of Comcast 
team members who authentically share their 
experiences, enabling potential employees to see 
themselves represented.

The Cru provides external accountability 
circles and group coaching experiences for 
mid-career women of color to provide 
collaboration and accountability.

Accelerate Your Career is Sky’s UK-based program for Black and 
ethnic minority colleagues VP-level and below, which creates 
development opportunities.

EXCEL includes sponsorship, mentorship, 
development, and networking opportunities to 
create awareness around internal career paths 
for Black, Latino, and AAPI VP+ leaders and 
allies across Comcast.

CoachDiversity is a certified executive coaching 
program with a focus on inclusive leadership.

Diversity Week: Diversity Week celebrates the people 
working tirelessly to drive DE&I in media and 
entertainment. In 2022, Comcast once again provided 
scholarships to two industry conferences who do just that: 
The National Association for Minorities in Cable (NAMIC) 
focuses on development and hiring of underrepresented 
groups in the cable industry, and Women in Cable 
Telecommunications (WICT) provides mentorships for 
women in the cable industry.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T  R E PORT

2 9

L AT IN O  L EA D ER SH IP  IN TEN SIV E

EXCEL DE&I LEADERSHIP SERIESHaving a sense of belonging is really powerful. Yes, we want to hire women and people of color, but we also want you to know that there is a community here to support you.Loren Hudson
SVP & Chief Diversity Officer,  Comcast CableDE&I WOMEN’S ENGAGEMENT (WE) EVENTCOMCAST CORPORATION302023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPDEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
INCLUSIVITY THROUGH INNOVATION

43 ENVIRONMENT

Inclusivity through
Innovation

We believe that disability isn’t a lack of ability, it’s a lack of a 
solution. For more than a decade, we’ve worked to make our 
products, technology, and experiences accessible to the widest

possible audience, while expanding opportunities for 
independence for people with disabilities.



In the years since its inception, Comcast has delivered 
groundbreaking innovations in accessible entertainment, 
including the nation’s first Talking Guide, a TV remote you control 
with just your eyes, and in 2022 — the industry’s first Large Button
Voice Remote, which combines the best of Xfinity’s award-winning 
Voice Remote technology with game-changing accessibility 
features that will help connect more customers to thousands of 
hours of aggregated entertainment, news, and information.



The Accessibility Lab, which will celebrate its 10-year anniversary 
in 2023, continues to be the center of inclusive research, ideation 
and development at Comcast, facilitating important 
conversations and spurring meaningful change in accessible tech, 
content development, and inclusive design for our industry.

With the Large Button
Voice remote, we are
continuing our legacy of
pioneering advancements
in entertainment and
connectivity and
delivering exceptional
experiences to customers.

Tom Wlodkowski

VP, Accessibility, Comcast Cable

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

3 1

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
INCLUSIVITY THROUGH INNOVATION

43 ENVIRONMENT

Inclusive Design: Inclusive Design Training, available to 
73,000 Comcast Cable employees, supports designers, 
developers, and product managers to continue to deliver 
experiences that reach everyone, through inclusive design 
and creating an inclusive culture.

Accessibility for Our Customers: The Accessibility Centers 
of Excellence (ACOE) is home to more than 140 agents 
specially trained on Comcast products and services, 
support for third-party assistive devices, and information 
related to Braille or large-print bills. Over the past decade, 
the ACOE has supported nearly 4 million customers in 
getting and staying connected and millions more through 
our online accessibility help and support guides. We have 
also expanded our call center to include American Sign 
Language (ASL) through a partnership with Connect 
Direct, a subsidiary of Communication Services for the 
Deaf, and began a pilot program to offer ASL in retail 
centers in late 2022.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

32

One idea can change the world. This is the message behind The Universal Sphere, a free, 270-degree cinematic experience located in the Comcast Center campus in Philadelphia. The Sphere, which features a short film called The Power of I, is designed to be inclusive and welcoming for the widest audience possible. The space is wheelchair-accessible, service-animal friendly, offers closed captioning and audio description, and is a designated Certified Autism Center™. In 2022, it introduced a sensory-friendly experience that included modifications to sound levels, reduced movements, and lighting adjustments to reduce blue light and eliminate flashing.The Universal Sphere Expands  Accessibility OfferingsThe Sky’s The Limit on Inclusion: Sky has partnered with a newly launched civil rights group, the Black Equity Organization (BEO). As part of this partnership, Sky will provide funding and support over three years for the organization’s Future 100 Growth Fund, which supports Black British entrepreneurs in launching and growing their businesses. As part of Sky’s support of Sir Lewis Hamilton’s charity, Mission 44, they have been working to scale up small- to medium-sized organizations focused on preventing the disproportionate exclusion of Black African and Caribbean children from schools.UNIVERSAL SPHERE, COMCAST TECHNOLOGY CENTERCOMCAST CORPORATION332023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPINCLUSIVITY THROUGH INNOVATION01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
INCLUSIVITY THROUGH INNOVATION

43 ENVIRONMENT

Partnering with Diverse Suppliers

Comcast NBCUniversal’s international supplier diversity program is 
deeply committed to promote, increase, and improve the 
participation of diverse businesses within our corporate supply chain 
— including companies owned by women, people of color, veterans, 
individuals with disabilities, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, 
and queer (LGBTQ) individuals. This diversity inspires innovation, 
provides insights into the interests and needs of our customers, and 
supports a highly skilled and dynamic workforce. (See Diversity Data 
on p. 38 for more information.)

Meet Our Supplier: MDSX in Orlando, Florida

After working for several years for a production 
company where he applied his background in 
architecture, theme entertainment, and 
animation, Dan Picard came to the realization: 
“Why not just start my own business and do 
things the way I wanted them done?”

LU M IN A RY   GR EEN   PA R K

MDSX was born. The Orlando, Florida-based agency focuses on 
experiential design for themed entertainment, museum, resorts, 
branded environments, and design spaces for all people.



The diverse-owned business is run by Dan and his wife, Janelle, both 
owners and creative directors. What started as a small graphic 
design and animation studio has been growing ever since, and now 
has 14 employees with backgrounds in project management, design, 
media, gaming, and animation, among other disciplines.



In 2022, Dan went through the rigorous, four-month NBCUniversal 
Edge Program, which focuses on developing diverse-owned 
businesses that specialize in media, marketing, and digital 
technology. He says that the experience was both invaluable and 
fun, giving him the opportunity to see how Universal does business 
and to learn ways to scale his company. This connection then led to 
several NBCUniversal projects, including media and experiential 
design for exciting new projects at Epic Universe, a groundbreaking 
new theme park planned to open in Orlando in 2025. Several more 
projects with Epic Universe, The Franklin Institute, and others are in 
the works. 



As MDSX grows, Dan is deeply committed to keeping the company’s 
vibrant culture intact. This includes bringing people from different 
disciplines together to make room for the unexpected, encouraging 
a wide diversity of thought and perspectives, and giving back 
through community engagement. “When I talk to student groups, 
their eyes light up,” he says. “They have no idea that there is 
someone that looks like them doing this kind of work. It is my  
biggest joy.”

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

3 4

DAN PICARD, CO-OWNER, MDSXWidening representation in our programming and on our screens — and increasing accessibility of our platforms and programs — is essential to creating a diverse and inclusive experience for our customers and more equitable opportunities for those working behind the scenes.

Telemundo’s exclusive Spanish-language coverage of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ allowed more people than ever before to enjoy this thrilling game on every platform. Across Peacock and Telemundo’s digital streaming platforms, the tournament was the biggest live-event franchise in the history of Peacock and the most streamed World Cup in US media history.

As the largest U.S. distributor of multicultural programming, we proudly curate year-round offerings such as the Asian American Film & TV Collection and the LGBTQ+ Film & TV Collection on Xfinity. We also honor the wide array of people, cultures, and experiences during various Heritage Months. For example, for Native American Heritage Month and Hispanic Heritage Month, Xfinity viewers had special access to shows and collections.Advancing  Representation  on and behind  the Screen2023 IMPACT REPORT           00Black Experience on Xfinity: A first-of-its-kind destination of Black entertainment featuring the ultimate in Black storytelling and home to the largest curated collection of independent Black films on demand, Black Experience amplifies important voices that need to be heard. To celebrate the channel’s two-year anniversary, Comcast NBCUniversal offered a total of $1 million — 10 individual grants of $100,000 each — to emerging Black filmmakers.FIFA WORLD CUP STREAMADVANCING REPRESENTATION ON AND BEHIND THE SCREENCOMCAST CORPORATION352023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
ADVANCING REPRESENTATION ON AND BEHIND THE SCREEN

43 ENVIRONMENT

Creating Long-Term Industry Change 



Our work advancing accessibility extends far beyond our 
company. We take a leadership role, engaging the 
industry to create long-term and sustainable change.



LA28. Comcast is a founding partner of this collaboration, 
which aims to make the Olympics more inclusive and 
connected.



Valuable 500. Comcast NBCUniversal and Sky are 
members of this disability inclusion-focused global 
business collective of 500 CEOs and their companies.



Iconic Leaders. Sky teamed up with 14 other business 
leaders across The Valuable 500 to create computing, 
technology, and telecommunications solutions for a more 
inclusive world.



1IN4. NBCUniversal joined this coalition, which is focused

on long-term institutional shifts to increase employment

and representation of people with disabilities.

Onscreen Highlights

The Black Beauty Effect, a compelling three-part docuseries that 
focuses on the pioneering Black women who have led social change 
within the beauty industry, as told from their perspective, was 
premiered on the Black Experience on Xfinity and Xumo.

The Return, a documentary about the special role that Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) play for both students and 
alumni — created by Emmy-nominated producer Will Packer — 
launched exclusively on the Black Experience channel.

The shows Hacks, Harlem, Chucky and Saved by the Bell, produced 
by Universal Studio Group, were nominated for GLAAD Media 
Awards, which recognize and honor media for their fair, accurate, 
and inclusive representations of the LGBTQ community and the 
issues that affect their lives.

SAVE D  BY  TH E  B E L L

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   IM PAC T  REPORT

3 6

THE RETURNSeeking out stories and talent for inclusive casting not only increases opportunity, it delivers a better product. Here are just a few of the recent efforts:

We have committed to auditioning performers with disabilities for our productions to support authentic representation of the community.

Peacock’s New Amsterdam features deaf representation in front of and behind the camera, with several deaf actors, a deaf writer, and deaf storylines throughout the season.

Through our ongoing partnership with the Geena Davis Institute, we run TV and film scripts through their Spellcheck for Bias program to identify opportunities where we can add diverse characters as well as identify harmful stereotypes and tropes.

At the center of the Peacock Original We Are Lady Parts is a modern-day comedy about five young Muslim women who are in a punk band and trying to get their first gig. The show not only highlights the ethnic diversity within the community, but also complex, multi-faceted expression of Muslim identity. 

“At this moment in our culture where there is an abundance of diverse talent with amazing stories to tell, our hope is that the progress we make will create an unending ripple effect in our industry.” — Jeanne Mau, SVP, TV Programming, Diversity, Equity & InclusionPromoting Diverse CastingNEW AMSTERDAMCOMCAST CORPORATION372023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPADVANCING REPRESENTATION ON AND BEHIND THE SCREEN2022  Diversity  DataCOMCAST CORPORATION382023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
2022 DIVERSITY DATA

43 ENVIRONMENT

Workforce Diversity*

Diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential to our business. Our 
aspiration is to have 50% women and 33% people of color at every 
level of our workforce.

Overall Workforce YE 2022

*All diversity data in this report are for Comcast NBCUniversal only. Workforce metrics are reflective of our U.S. 
full-time employees.



Year

** Ethnic diversity numbers may not sum to total due to rounding.



*** Our Executive Leadership Team includes Comcast’s Senior Vice Presidents and above, as well as 
NBCUniversal’s Executive and Management Committees. These metrics reflect a subset of the VP+ metrics.



9

240+

2022

35K

Total ERGs

Total Chapters

Total Members

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Leadership YE 2022

Executive Leadership Team***

Directors

Total Workforce

Year

People of Color**

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

New Hires

Year

People of Color

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2020

2021

2022

Year

2020

2021

2022

Year

2020

2021

2022

44.3%

45.0%

45.7%

People of Color

17.0%

19.3%

21.1%

People of Color

27.6%

29.4%

30.9%

18.8%

18.3%

7.2%

7.5%

17.2%

8.1%

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

14.7%

15.4%

16.6%

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

0.4%

3.2%

0.4%

3.4%

0.4%

3.4%

35.7%

36.4%

37.1%

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

5.9%

5.5%

4.1%

0.5%

1.1%

7.0%

6.4%

4.6%

0.2%

1.1%

7.5%

7.3%

5.0%

0.2%

1.1%

33.6%

35.8%

37.5%

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

Managers

6.3%

11.5%

7.5%

0.3%

2.1%

6.8%

12.1%

7.8%

0.3%

2.5%

6.6%

12.7%

8.8%

0.2%

2.5%

41.8%

43.5%

44.2%

2022

58.2%

23.7%

8.9%

19.9%

0.4%

5.3%

45.3%

Vice Presidents and Above

Year

People of Color

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

2020

2021

2022

Year

2020

2021

2022

22.2%

23.8%

25.3%

People of Color

35.5%

36.1%

37.8%

5.1%

8.0%

7.4%

0.2%

1.6%

5.8%

8.3%

7.6%

0.2%

1.9%

6.0%

8.8%

8.4%

0.1%

2.0%

40.5%

41.8%

43.7%

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

9.3%

10.4%

12.9%

0.3%

2.7%

9.1%

10.6%

13.1%

0.3%

3.0%

8.7%

11.6%

14.4%

0.2%

2.9%

42.8%

43.2%

43.9%

2 02 3   I M PAC T  REPORT

3 9

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
2022 DIVERSITY DATA

43 ENVIRONMENT

Diversity Awards and Recognition

Governance

Supplier Diversity

Our Board of Directors is 50% diverse by people of color and gender.

Board of Directors

Total Diversity*

Comcast NBCUniversal’s supplier diversity program is designed to 
promote, increase, and improve the participation of diverse 
businesses within our corporate supply chain. We track our spending 
with both Tier 1 (direct purchases from approximately 4,250 diverse 
suppliers) and Tier 2, direct and indirect subcontracting spend 
reported from non-diverse owned suppliers.

Year

2020

2021

2022

MAR 2023

Total Diversity

50.0%

50.0%

44.4%

50.0%

People of Color**

30.0%

30.0%

33.3%

40.0%

Procurement

Black/African American

Asian and Pacific Islander

Hispanic/Latino/a/e

Indigenous

2+ races

Women

10.0%

10.0%

10.0%

0.0%

0.0%

10.0%

10.0%

10.0%

0.0%

0.0%

11.1%

11.1%

11.1%

0.0%

0.0%

20.0%

10.0%

10.0%

0.0%

0.0%

30.0%

30.0%

22.2%

20.0%

* Total Diversity refers to people of color and women, without double-counting women of color.



** Ethnic diversity numbers may not sum to total due to rounding.

Year

2020

2021

2022

Tier 1 Diverse Spend

$3.7B

$4.3B

$5.0B

Tier 2 Diverse Spend

$320M

$390M

$484M

100 score on the Human 
Rights Campaign's (HRC) 
2022 Corporate Equality 
Index for the ninth time in 
10 years

100 score earned on 
Disability:IN’s 2022 
Disability Equality Index 
for the eighth 
consecutive year

5-star company in the 2022 
Hispanic Association on 
Corporate Responsibility 
(HACR) Corporate Inclusion 
Index

#3 overall employer in 
the “Best for Vets” 
ranking by Military Times

#5 rank from Great Places 
to Work and Fortune as 
one of its Best Workplaces 
for Women for the sixth 
consecutive year

#7 on DiversityInc’s 
Top 50 list as one of 
the nation’s most 
inclusive companies

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

202 3   I M PAC T  R EPORT

4 0

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
2022 DIVERSITY DATA

43 ENVIRONMENT

NBCUniversal Programming

To tell authentic stories that resonate with a wide range of 
audiences, we strive to have diverse perspectives in every aspect of 
our programming at NBCUniversal.

On Screen/On Air: People of Color

News Assets*

Film

NBC Primetime Scripted**

Behind the Camera: People of Color

News Assets*

Film

NBC Primetime Scripted**

Year

On Screen/On Air: Women

Year

2020

47.5%

28.8%

38.4%

2020

52.5%

42.9%

44.1%

2021

47.6%

36.4%

Year

2022

50.5%

31.9%

41.1%

News Assets*

Film

NBC Primetime Scripted**

Behind the Camera: Women

2021

53.1%

40.0%

Year

2022

54.1%

42.4%

40.9%

2020

29.6%

8.3%

26.0%

2020

59.4%

31.8%

34.5%

2021

35.1%

17.2%

2022

36.8%

12.3%

33.3%

News Assets*

Film

NBC Primetime Scripted**

2021

45.6%

27.6%

2022

48.6%

27.7%

47.1%

*News Assets includes NBC News, MSNBC, CNBC, and NBC-owned stations, but does not include Telemundo Network News or Telemundo stations.



**NBCUniversal does not have a complete validated Self-ID dataset for the 2020-2021 scripted season.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

41

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I
2022 DIVERSITY DATA

43 ENVIRONMENT

Community Impact

We are committed to bringing together diverse communities and 
inspiring our customers, audiences, and employees to make a 
positive social impact. Over the last three years, we’ve invested 
$606M cash and in-kind giving benefiting people of color.

Cash Giving

People of Color Led and Serving

Cash/In-Kind Donations Invested in Communities

$31M

$32M

$34M

Year

Total Giving

2020

2021

2022

$493M

$503M

$488M
2022

Year

2020

2021

2022

Number of employees who participated in matching gift program

6,700

Cash Giving

Women Led and Serving

Number of nonprofits selected by employees to receive donations

5,500

Employee Giving

Year

Total dollars generated through matching gift program

2022

$5.6M

$5M

2020

$5M

2021

Year

$7M

2022

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T  RE PORT

42

COMCASTNBCUNIVERSALWe are doing our part to help the planet by reducing  our carbon footprint, increasing energy efficiency, and implementing sustainable practices for the future.EnvironmentCOMCAST CORPORATION432023 IMPACT REPORTWe’re taking action toward a greener future by reducing our carbon footprint across our enterprise. As a company, we have a goal to be carbon neutral by 2035 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions — the direct and indirect emissions we own and control — across our global operations.

We’re proud of progress already made, reducing enterprise-wide greenhouse gas emissions by 38% since 2019. That means we’ve eliminated 960,000 metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions — equivalent to removing 200,000 cars from the road for a year.Reducing Our Carbon FootprintScope 1 and 2 EmissionsEmissions Year Over YearMillion mtCO2eYearCAPTIONCAPTION2022 Emission Sources13%20%67%Generators, cooling systems, purchased steam, cooling and heatingEmissions from our owned and operated fleet and vehiclesPurchased electricity powering facilities, data centers, theme parks,  and network20202.220211.820192.520221.6For more information, please visit our Carbon Footprint Data Report.COMCAST CORPORATION442023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPREDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINTIt was a crucial year for Comcast, as we made measurable progress toward our carbon neutral goal, estimated our Scope 3 emissions for the first time, and took the step to join the Science Based Targets initiative on climate action.Sara Cronenwett
SVP, Corporate Strategy and Environmental Sustainability, Comcast CorporationCOMCAST CORPORATION452023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPREDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
REDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT

Estimating Our Scope 3 Emissions

Scope 3 Emissions Year Over Year

2021 Scope 3 Emission Sources

In 2022, we achieved another significant accomplishment by
estimating the emissions of our full value chain, known as Scope 3 
emissions. Comcast’s Scope 3 emissions reflect estimates of both the 
upstream emissions associated with our suppliers and the 
downstream emissions associated with our customers’ use of our 
products and services.



Estimating the emissions of our full value chain was an important 
step for us in joining the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi),  
one of the key organizations focused on aligning corporate climate 
action with the global climate goals set by the Paris Agreement.  
By joining SBTi, Comcast has committed to set additional near-term 
emissions reduction goals in line with pathways designed to limit 
climate change over the next 5-10 years.



11.5

10.9

10.9

e
2
O
C
t

m
n
o

i
l
l
i

M

Year

2019

2020

2021

For more information, please visit our Carbon Footprint Data Report.

52% Use of sold and leased products


(Categories 11 & 13)

36%

Purchased goods, services, and 
capital goods (Categories 1 & 2)

12%

Emissions related to 
transportation, energy, employees, 
and waste (Categories 3-8 & 12)

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3  I M PACT  R E PO RT

4 6

XFINITY FLEXXFI ADVANCED GATEWAY01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
REDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT

Comcast’s Inaugural Green Bond: In early 2023, Comcast 
issued a $1 billion green bond, which allowed investors to 
support environmental efforts that are either underway or 
under consideration as part of Comcast’s goal to be 
carbon neutral by 2035. Proceeds from the green bond will 
be allocated to specific categories outlined in Comcast’s 
Green Financing Framework, such as renewable energy 
and green buildings. This inaugural green bond offering 
was led by Bank of America and co-led and underwritten 
by four nationally recognized minority-, women-, and 
service-disabled veteran-owned investment banking firms 
with which Comcast has a strong historical relationship.

Managing the Challenges Ahead: Decarbonizing our 
business and value chain depends on many factors beyond 
our control, including political, economic, regulatory, and 
geopolitical conditions, supply chain and labor issues, 
supplier emissions reductions, the evolution of carbon 
offset markets, and investment and innovation to close 
gaps in available technology and infrastructure. 
Overcoming these challenges will require, among other 
things, increased collaboration with a range of business 
partners, industry peers, governments around the world, 
and other stakeholders.

U N IVER SA L  CITY   STU D IOS

L EED   CA M P U S

SOL A R AT  L EED   GOL D

U N IVER SA L  BA R H A M   STAGES

X F IN ITY   EL ECTR IC  VEH ICL ES

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

47
2 0 2 3  I M PAC T REPORT           0 0

2 02 3  I M PAC T REPORT

Harnessing  Clean Energy  and TechnologyIn 2022, we signed new renewable energy agreements totaling more than 183,000 megawatt-hours (MWh) per year, bringing our contracted total to over 1 million MWh per year – roughly 25% of our projected 2026 energy load once the new projects come online. This is equivalent to avoiding the emissions from 137,000 homes’ electricity use for a year. Additionally, Sky and Comcast Spectacor continue to source 100% renewable electricity, in line with their previously set goals.
We are utilizing the latest clean technologies to green our operations and network. This means investing in clean and renewable energy, piloting electric and hybrid vehicles, and building for the future.
Reaching 1 Million Megawatt-Hours  of Renewable EnergyOur progress securing contracts totaling a milestone one-million-megawatt-hours capacity of renewable energy serves as a significant step towards our 2035 carbon neutral goal.Peter Kiriacoulacos
EVP, Chief Procurement Officer, Comcast2022 Renewable Energy Contracts

New England: The Gravel Pit Solar project in East Windsor, Connecticut will power nearly half of Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal operations across New England. The contract represents an annual volume of approximately 111,000 MWh.

Michigan: Comcast entered into agreements to purchase renewable wind and solar electricity for half of Comcast Cable’s Michigan operations. The contracts represent a combined annual volume of approximately 52,000 MWh.

Illinois: Comcast signed a long-term agreement to purchase approximately 20,000 MWh annually of solar electricity in Illinois.

London: NBCUniversal is supporting the Grid Project, a pilot program led by Film London, to reduce the carbon footprint of the city’s entertainment industry by installing electrical cabinets that productions can plug into rather than using diesel generators, and supplying 100% renewable energy to power the productions.Clean Energy LoadClean Energy Usage Year Over Year2019202020212022YearMWh150,000250,000660,0001,240,000COMCAST CORPORATION482023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPHARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGYSKY ALL-ELECTRIC SHUTTLE BUSNew Technologies On the GoComcast expanded its fleet of electric and hybrid vehicles, which now includes Chevy Bolts, Ford Lightnings, Ford  E-Transits, and Ford Fusions. The pilot vehicles are helping the business gain insights into the challenges and benefits to broader EV deployment.

Sky News has eight Rapid News Gathering vehicles, nicknamed RaNGers, featuring the latest battery and solar technology. The new power system has reduced carbon emissions by 105 tons a year, almost a 100% reduction from previous vehicles.

The Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood is going green with a total of eight electric trams in rotation on the world-famous Studio Tour. The theme park plans to convert its entire fleet of 21 trams to electric by 2025.

Sky unveiled a full suite of all-electric shuttle buses to transport employees to and from campus and connect them with local public transit. This transition reduces Sky’s carbon emissions by 272 tons every year compared to its historic diesel fleet.Across the enterprise, we're continuing to work to reduce fleet emissions by piloting electric and hybrid vehicles in targeted locations, installing telematics and fuel efficiency technology, and offering more digital support tools that reduce truck visits. These efforts have allowed Comcast Cable to save nearly 9.5 million gallons of fuel since 2019, avoiding 81,000 metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions.A Leaner, Cleaner FleetUniversal Studios
Hollywood Electric TramXFINITY ELECTRIC VEHICLECOMCAST CORPORATION492023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPHARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGY01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
HARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGY

U N IVER SA L  CITY   STU D IOS

L EED   GOL D   U N IVER SA L  STU D IOS  BEIJ IN G

SKY   OSTER LEY   IN N OVATION   CEN TR E

SKY   STUD IOS  EL STR EE

Building for the Future

Our company is taking steps to apply sustainable building standards 
to our operations and construction. From Los Angeles to Beijing, our 
world-class parks and production studios are greener than ever.

Universal City Studios, Los Angeles, California

Universal City Studios — which includes the Universal Studios Lot 
and 10 Universal City Plaza, a 35-story LEED Gold office building — 
was designated as a LEED Campus in June 2022, featuring 1.8 MW 
of onsite solar, electric vehicle charging stations, and water 
conservation and reuse, among many other sustainability measures.



Sky Osterley Innovation Centre, West London, England

Energy-efficient buildings are being built to a BREEAM standard of 
Outstanding and feature components such as photovoltaic roof 
panels, responsibly-sourced building materials, and reduced 
embodied carbon from sensitive design and material sourcing.



Universal Studios Beijing, Beijing, China

The resort and attraction became the world’s first theme park to 
achieve LEED Gold certification under the Cities and Communities 
rating system, with highlights including green space, reclaimed 
water systems, energy efficiency, onsite solar, and access to public 
transit with walkways and bike lanes.



Sky Studios Elstree, Borehamwood, England

Sky has nearly completed construction of Sky Studios Elstree, which 
will feature over 160,000 square feet of solar panels on the roofs of 
buildings, with any additional energy required also coming from a 
renewable source.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T REPORT

50

Going for LEED Gold

NBCUniversal announced a goal for all new offices, studios, and parks to be LEED Gold or better. The green building framework will be integrated into construction requirements and will apply to major renovations where feasible. To set operators up for success, all new construction will be all-electric or electrification ready.As we expand our physical footprint, we are dedicated to reducing our carbon footprint by  future-proofing construction for a sustainable world.Audrey Vinant-Tang  Director of Sustainability Strategy, NBCUniversalHARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGYEV CHARGING STATION AT
LEED GOLD UNIVERSAL BARHAM STAGES10 UNIVERSAL CITY PLAZA
LEED GOLDCOMCAST CORPORATION512023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPPowering a Greener, Cleaner InternetAchieving our carbon neutral goal will require our business to work harder and smarter, and that goes for the network itself. That’s why, in 2022, we announced plans to double our network efficiency by 2030 by deploying new technologies that will avoid the estimated emissions equivalent to powering half a million homes for a year.

We’ve already made great progress toward our goal, reducing the electricity it takes to deliver each byte of data across our network by 36% since 2019. The efficiency gains have been achieved through a reduction in total energy use across network facilities and operations while at the same time expanding connectivity services for customers.CAPTION2019202020212022YearNetwork Energy Efficiency Year Over YearKilowatt-hour (kWh) per terabyte (TB)These efficiency gains are a critical part of our plan to grow the Xfinity 10G Network more sustainably.
Charlie Herrin
President, Technology, Product, Experience, Comcast CableCOMCAST DATA CENTERPOWERING A GREENER, CLEANER INTERNET36%COMCAST CORPORATION522023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
POWERING A GREENER, CLEANER INTERNET

Billions in Energy Savings for Customers

Eco-Friendly Products and Packaging

Introducing Sky Stream

We’ve continued our long-standing collaboration with industry peers 
to collectively improve the energy efficiency of TV set-top boxes and 
small network equipment to reduce downstream emissions and save 
customers money on their energy bills. This industry-wide effort has 
saved consumers $2.5 billion in annual energy costs.

We deliver sustainable design innovations through leading-edge 
products like Sky Glass, the world’s first TV certified CarbonNeutral®, 
and recyclable packaging systems to reduce waste. And we’re 
working toward 100% recyclable materials for our Xfinity retail and 
direct-to-consumer packaging. In the UK, Sky is working toward 
being single-use plastic free across its operations.

In 2022, Sky launched its most energy-efficient TV product ever: Sky 
Stream. The compact, plug-and-play device — which lets customers 
stream entertainment via WiFi straight to any TV, without a dish — 
features an auto-standby mode that reduces both emissions and 
electricity costs. Like all Sky products, packaging for Sky Stream is 
100% recyclable, Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified, and free 
of single-use plastics.

D EVIC E P OWER M ON ITOR IN G

Industry Collaboration to Track Emissions from Devices: 
Sky, along with other leading technology companies, has 
formed a secretariat led by the global climate consultancy 
the Carbon Trust to tackle internet-connected device 
emissions. The group will develop the industry’s first 
specification for measuring, accounting for, and 
decarbonizing the emissions associated with connected 
devices while being used by customers.

X F IN ITY   ECO  CA P SUL E

CO M CAST CORPORAT ION

2 02 3   IM PAC T R E PORT

53

SKY STREAM01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
SUSTAINABILITY FROM SCRIPT TO SCREEN

Sustainable Production in Action

Jordan Peele’s Nope gave its original sets a second act,  
after Jupiter’s Claim permanently joined the Studio Tour  
at Universal Studios Hollywood.

Romulus, an Italian television series about the founding of 
Rome, which is co-produced by Sky, received an Albert 
Sustainable Production certification for implementing 
sustainable practices during its second season.

La Brea, an NBC drama, piloted a hybrid lithium-ion battery system 
to power production of its second season in Australia.

Sustainability  
from Script  
to Screen

Environmental stewardship for film and TV production has long 
been a priority behind the scenes through our sustainable 
production practices. It can also take a leading role on screen 
through compelling storytelling that showcases the possibilities of 
a more sustainable future.

Green Productions

The NBCUniversal Sustainable Production Program and Sky’s 
Sustainable Production Guidelines are dedicated to reducing the 
environmental impact of film and TV productions by empowering 
teams to integrate environmental best practices into on-set 
protocols. These include using LED lighting, lower-emission fuel 
alternatives, and hybrid and electric vehicles, as well as reducing 
waste through set material reuse, recycling and composting, and 
by donating excess food.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T  REPORT

54

ROM ULU S

L A  BR EA

01 MESSAGE

02 PROJECT UP

23 DE&I

43 ENVIRONMENT
SUSTAINABILITY FROM SCRIPT TO SCREEN

A Climate Pitchfest



The third-annual Hollywood Climate Summit, held in June 
2022, explored the power of storytelling to drive climate 
action. NBCUniversal sponsored Writing Climate: Pitchfest 
for TV and Film on the Universal Studios Lot, a program to 
amplify writers taking innovative approaches to expanding 
the definition of a climate story. After a thorough judging 
process, 20 writers were chosen to have their climate story 
ideas heard by development executives, managers, and 
agents.

Greener Content

Through the newly launched GreenerLight Program, the Universal 
Filmed Entertainment Group (UFEG) expanded its sustainability 
program across the filmmaking process — beginning with script 
development and extending through locations and set needs, as well 
as on-screen behaviors. UFEG partnered with the Natural Resources 
Defense Council and its Rewrite the Future program to inform the 
studio’s strategy around climate storytelling and ensure its efforts 
are driven by science.



NBCUniversal had another record-setting year at the 2022 
Environmental Media Association (EMA) Awards — an annual 
celebration of sustainable production and environmental messaging 
in the media.



59 NBCUniversal TV and feature film productions were awarded EMA 
Green and Gold Seals, up from 46 in 2021.



The End Is Nye: The Volcano Paradox took home an EMA Award for 
reality television for its portrayal of climate change and inclusion of 
climate solutions, in addition to receiving an EMA Gold Seal 
recognition of the crew’s work behind the scenes.



Other NBCUniversal nominees recognized for environmental 
messaging included Jurassic World Dominion, Saturday Night Live, 
and Home Sweet Home.

TH E  EN D   IS  N Y E

CL IM ATE  P ITCH F EST

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T REPORT

55

TODAY CLIMATEFROM DEVIL’S BREATHSKY KIDS FYIOBKIEngaging Future Generations

The Sky Kids weekly news show FYI surveyed thousands of kids for their opinions and challenged political leaders on climate change in bold interviews.

COP27: Six Ways to Save Our Planet highlighted innovative climate solutions and tips on how to protect the planet.

The Sky Kids Original animation series Obki chronicles the eco-missions of a lovable alien with educational tidbits.Climate-Forward Programming

TODAY Climate and Sky News’ The Weekly Climate Show report on climate news.

NBC News New York took a hyperlocal look at the challenge in the Chasing Our Climate digital series.

MSNBC Films’ From Devil’s Breath tackled wildfires caused by climate change.

The Sky Sports documentary, Football’s Toughest Opponent, explored what governing bodies, clubs, managers, and players are doing to tackle the climate crisis.COMCAST CORPORATION562023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPSUSTAINABILITY FROM SCRIPT TO SCREENAt Sky, we're incredibly proud of the work we're doing to inspire future generations to drive change for a better world.Fiona Ball
Group Director, 
Bigger Picture & Sustainability, SkyCOMCAST CORPORATIONCOP27: SIX WAYS TO SAVE OUR PLANETSUSTAINABILITY FROM SCRIPT TO SCREENCOMCAST CORPORATION572023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE&I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPESG Reporting and Disclosure

We also provide additional reports, policies and resources related to 
our ESG data, performance and progress on the ESG Reporting page 
of our Investor Relations website.

2022 Impact Report


Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Report 


Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report


Carbon Footprint Data Report


EEO-1 Data


Political and Trade Association Activity


Code of Conduct


Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Business Partners 


Statement on Modern Slavery and Supply Chain Values 


Human Rights Statement

We are committed to using the power of our platforms, our people, 
and our reach to create positive change and a more equitable 
society. By supporting local communities, our teammates, and our 
planet we can help create a world of open possibilities — so together, 
we can build a future that benefits generations to come. 



We thank our employees, partners, customers, and communities for 
their partnership, dedication, and support.

©CO M C AST CORPORAT I ON  2 02 3 . AL L RI G H TS  RES ERV ED.

COM C AST CORPORAT I ON

2 02 3   I M PAC T REPORT

58

See ESG Reporting and Disclosure on page 58 for other ways we report on ESG related issues.

This Impact Report includes estimates, projections and statements regarding environmental, social and governance related plans, objectives and goals that are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ).

Forward looking statements may appear throughout this report.

These forward looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, potential, strategy, future, opportunity, commit, plan, goal, may, should, could, would, will, continue, will likely result and similar expressions.

Forward looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially.

In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks and uncertainties we describe in the Risk Factors sections of our Forms 10 K and 10 Q and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).

The inclusion of forward looking and other statements in this Impact Report is not an indication that they are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC.

Such statements may contain estimates, make assumptions based on developing standards that may change and provide aspirations and commitments that are not intended to be promises or guarantees.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements and such other statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking or such other statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise.

Supporting our local communities has been core to Comcast’s DNA since our founding.

Over our nearly 60 years, that commitment has not only grown but evolved to support society’s most pressing needs.

In 2022, our wonderful teammates around the world together with many incredible partners worked purposefully and tirelessly to advance digital equity, champion diversity and inclusion, and foster a cleaner environment.

We once again saw improvement in diversity within our workforce.

Through inclusive recruitment and partnerships, we are attracting diverse talent and providing opportunities for development and growth.

To build a pipeline from classrooms to newsrooms and the media industry, NBCU Academy, which trains the next generation of diverse content creators, has reached 45 academic partners around the country.

We entered 2023 with great momentum, energized to continue our mission.

We have now fully allocated our multi year 100 million pledge to social justice and equality, and will continue this important initiative through Project UP, our 1 billion plan to connect people to the Internet, invest in access to digital skills, and strengthen pathways to economic mobility.

We also made measurable progress toward our carbon neutral goal reducing our emissions 38% since 2019 and took a critical step by joining the Science Based Targets initiative on climate action.

Our ongoing investment in clean energy and energy efficiency will remain a primary focus of our decarbonization strategy in the years ahead.

Last year, we surpassed our goal of opening over 1,250 Lift Zones, which provide free WiFi in neighborhood centers, scaled a nationwide Digital Navigator network to get more Americans online, and fulfilled our promise to support 13,000 underrepresented small businesses hard hit by the pandemic.

And with the founding of Sky Up in the UK, our connectivity and skills programs are now helping more people secure jobs and climb the economic ladder globally.

Finally, we introduced Team UP, our expanded employee volunteer program built upon a successful 20 years of service through Comcast Cares that reminds us we are more effective when we join forces.

It is with great pride that we reflect on our shared accomplishments while remaining mindful that there is still work to do.

Our collective impact would not be possible without our extraordinary employees and partners.

They inspire us with their dedication to creating a future of unlimited possibilities.

We work passionately to drive economic mobility for underrepresented and low income communities.

Backed by a 1 billion commitment, Project UP deepens the impact of our efforts to connect people to the Internet, deliver digital skills, and create new career pathways in media and technology to help build a world of unlimited possibilities.Project UPCOMCAST CORPORATION022023 IMPACT REPORT Amounts apply to external partners and programs.

These are examples for each focus area, and do not represent a complete list.Focus Areas Digital Equity Media AwarenessSocial JusticeSmall Business 5M 17M 41M 12MFulfilling Our 100 Million Commitmenthelp champion a more connected, equitable, and just world.

We’re proud to saythat we fulfilled this commitment in 2022, which was foundational in laying the groundwork for many of our Project UP initiatives to grow and thrive.

In June 2020, we accelerated our longstanding work toward advancing Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I) by pledging an additional 100 million, on top of our existing commitments, to In Kind 25MFULFILLING OUR 100M COMMITMENTEmployeesCOMCAST CORPORATION032023 IMPACT REPORT01MESSAGE23 DE I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP With the goals of breaking down barriers to digital literacy and opening doors to economic mobility, Comcast has been an innovative leader in increasing access to, and adoption of, the Internet.

In 2022, we helped grow a nationwide network of Digital Navigators individuals who are affiliated with trusted, local, community based organizations who help people get online, secure a device, and build digital skills.

While Digital Navigators provide a bridge to Internet adoption, the federal government’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) ensures that the Internet is readily accessible through a 30 monthly credit ( 75 a month in tribal areas).

We are proud to participate in the ACP, with two products fully covered by the monthly credit: Internet Essentials and Internet Essentials Plus.

We also support public private partnerships and nonprofit organizations that are spreading the message about the ACP.

Bondadosa, a social enterprise that offers a healthy food delivery service in Denver, Colorado, is delivering information on the ACP to food insecure individuals.

To be fully connected as a society, we first have to get connected.

Comcast has been at the forefront of addressing digital equity within Colorado for years, and its partnership is instrumental to our efforts to expand connectivity in our communities.

James Coleman, Colorado State SenatorBoys Girls Club of Puget Sound provides young people with safe spaces, caring mentors, and technology access.

Strong ties between our public, private, and nonprofit sectors will continue to be critical, as we all work collaboratively toward our shared goals.

I thank Comcast for their partnership and continued efforts to support digital access and adoption for those in need, particularly across the South Puget Sound region.

Victoria Woodards, Mayor of Tacoma, WashingtonIncreasing Awareness of Low Cost or Free InternetConnectivity and AdoptionBridging the Generational Divide: In Detroit, teens from the Boys Girls Club of Southeastern Michigan helped St. Patrick Senior Center residents learn to use the Internet more comfortably and confidently by teaching them basic digital skills, from getting online to using video for connecting with family members.BONDADOSAST.

Trained and trusted Digital Navigators are spreading out across the country to help close the digital divide.

From coast to coast, these community based individuals help people navigate the digital world, creating more opportunities for economic mobility.

A Comcast supported Boston Consulting Group study found that, thanks to assistance from a Digital Navigator, more than 65% of participants gained access to home Internet or a device and 33% found a new job or earned a higher income.

A Connectivity Game Changer: Alisha Jones is a single mother from Maryland working toward an associate’s degree.

As a participant in the Comcast supported Goodwill workforce development program, she used her Internet Essentials Plus connection to take classes at her local community college.

Her two sons use the Internet at home for their schoolwork and college applications.

This is what we consider our game changer, Alisha said while introducing President Biden at a May 2022 White House event highlighting the ACP’s success.

Through our high speed broadband provider, Comcast, we were able to stay connected with family, receive telehealth care, go to classes, and access other necessary resources.

Our Internet Essentials program the industry’s largest and most comprehensive private sector broadband adoption initiative has helped bridge the digital divide by bringing affordable, high speed Internet, access to low cost devices, and free digital skills training to more than 10 million low income Americans since 2011.

OF SNOHOMISH COUNTY, WASHINGTON digitally excluded people through a dedicated fund.

The initiative, Sky Up, supports people to succeed in a digital age.

This includes a goal to set up 100 Sky Up Digital Hubs to join the Lift Zone family.

Over the next three years, Sky Up Tech Grants will provide 1,000 18 to 25 year olds leaving the UK’s care system with software loaded tech devices, Internet connections, and skills training to support them in the transition to living independently.In 2022, Sky launched its ambition to tackle digital inequality with a three part initiative providing support to a quarter of a millionIntroducing Sky UpWe partner with nonprofits focused on advancing digital equity:Partnering with Indigenous PopulationsNational Urban Indian Family Coalition (NUIFC) is an advocate for American Indian and Alaska Native families living in urban communities and helps drive Internet adoption.American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) creates a culturally relevant computer science curriculum for Indigenous high school students.Sky is focused on unlocking opportunities with the tools, skills and programs that we provide through Sky Up.

We were thrilled to exceed our goal of launching 1,250 Lift Zones by the end of 2022.

These community centers provide free WiFi access and a suite of digital literacy programs and workforce development training resources.

Lift Zones are now operational inside many military veteran serving organizations, including Alpha Omega Veterans Services Inc. in Memphis, Tennessee.

Closing the digital divide is a complex challenge.

No one entity can deliver digital equity and opportunity alone it requires a holistic approach.

At Comcast, we realize that to make an impact in a given community, you have to know the people who live there.

By partnering with thousands of community based organizations to create connections with policymakers, businesses, and nonprofits, we’re addressing these multipronged problems.

And with an unprecedented federal investment in broadband, there’s no better time to do this vital work together.

Digital Navigators are on the front lines of their communities, equipped with patience and kindness, and trained to help people access the Internet, use devices, and build digital skills.

They’re trusted voices who help people get online, safely and confidently, and for the long term.

Having someone from their community who understands their situation, family, environment, and language creates a sense of safety and trust for underserved populations.

We hear a lot about barriers to Internet access and digital adoption.

We have a special opportunity to bring digital skills resources to communities that need them the most.

This includes employees from underrepresented communities as well as small businesses and education providers, many of whom rely on publicly funded programs to upskill employees.

Currently, more than 90% of all jobs require digital skills, but nearly one third of U.S. workers lack basic digital skills, according to a National Skills Coalition report.

Our roadmap includes increased public investments in digital skill building and continued nurturing of public and private partnerships to give everyone the opportunity to succeed in today’s digital world.

Across our enterprise, we are driving initiatives and programming to create a more equitable workforce and build pathways to economic mobility.

At the SCTE Cable Tec Expo in Philadelphia, more than 50 students from our Project UP partners CodePath and Per Scholas heard from Comcast engineers and technologists about careers in tech and future opportunities at Comcast.

Being at Comcast was a life changing experience, says Per Scholas student Devin Blair.

Networking and talking to different people about technology you don’t get these types of experiences where I’m from, and I have Per Scholas and Comcast to thank for that.

A group of 350 excited students attended the Jurassic World Rule Your Future STEAM Initiative Symposium at Universal Studios Hollywood, which included a college career fair and a panel discussion with the filmmakers and stars of the movie.

As part of the event, Comcast surprised the students with free laptops.

The event was part of a partnership with the Council for Opportunity in Education (COE) to launch a 1.5 million program that aims to inspire low income and first generation to college students to pursue careers in STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Math).

In collaboration with Universal Pictures and the Jurassic franchise, a three part curriculum in STEAM was developed for use by educators and administrators of programs across the country.

The Jurassic World Rule Your Future STEAM Symposium is an example of Comcast at its finest bringing together our best assets and partners to create a life changing moment for first generation students to see themselves in the careers of the future.

To create the equitable workforce of the future, Comcast partners with dozens of incredible nonprofits that strengthen the pipeline for media and technology jobs in underrepresented communities.

Comcast and Telemundo partnered with the Hispanic Federation to provide grants to 20 Latino led nonprofits, to offer digital skills training and employment resources through community based Latino Digital Equity Centers.

Affiliates in Massachusetts, Indiana, and Washington received a grant to support their youth transition programs, which provide STEM focused employment and digital skills training.

NBCUniversal is a founding partner of this fund, which supports the Los Angeles public schools’ mission to build a more inclusive pipeline of underrepresented college and career ready students interested in careers in film and TV.

Bridging the digital divide that disproportionately impacts Latinos is key to creating economic opportunity in the Latino community and a more equitable society.

We’re excited to partner with Comcast NBCUniversal to equip Latinos with the skills they need to thrive in the workforce of tomorrow.

In 2022, we leaned into what we do best storytelling.

NBCUniversal’s Creative Impact Lab launched with the dual mission to broaden access and promote equity in the creative sector, as well as to help shine a light on the important work of our nonprofit partners across a wide range of industries.

NBCUniversal has forged partnerships with many creative nonprofits around the country, who employ apprentices from underrepresented communities.

We pair these organizations with our existing nonprofit partners who need help telling their stories of positive impact.

By giving students assignments under the mentorship of NBCUniversal employees, they are learning critical skills, broadening their networks and building portfolios, says Hilary Smith, EVP, Corporate Social Responsibility, NBCUniversal.

Digital equity partner Per Scholas partnered with the creative agency Youth FX to help tell the story of how they are providing skills training to individuals who are often excluded from tech careers.

The filmmaking organization for youth, Reel Works, created a sizzle reel to highlight our partner America On Tech’s work to broaden access to technology careers.

The newly formed NBCU Creative Council includes employees from across the company in creative roles who become mentors for young apprentices on Creative Impact Lab projects.

The Creative Impact Lab has given us the gift of storytelling, with high quality content and promotion that will help us foster more access and equity in the tech sector.

The opportunity to apprentice in this program made an industry accessible that I previously felt was inaccessible to people like me.

We are deeply committed to building partnerships with nonprofits that offer education and training in media and technology for young people who might not otherwise have the opportunity.

Urban Arts Partnership designs and implements educational programs rooted in the arts and technology for underrepresented students.

This New York based organization brings together teachers, authors, writers, and performers to educate students, fostering their creativity and curiosity.

With over 100,000 students registered to participate since launching in 2020, students from low income schools across the UK and Europe build their creative skills through Sky’s unique digital storytelling challenge, and create a 90 second news report on topics that matter.

Our employees play a hands on role in creating opportunities for the next generation of diverse storytellers.

As part of NBCUniversal’s Talent Lab pro bono experience, employees are paired with organizations including Techqueria, which serves Latinx professions in tech, to provide them with a multi week consultation that solves a specific business challenge.

Through participation in labs like Narrative 4’s Story Exchange, employee volunteers develop inclusive leadership skills with themes such as social awareness, empathy, cultural competency, and listening.

Others mentored trainees from Universal Filmed Entertainment Group’s Below the Line Traineeship on more than a dozen film productions around the world.

The program includes collaboration with several local partners including Film London, Cleveland Film Commission, and Hollywood CPR, among others.

Many business leaders and young innovators especially those of color lack the funding or resources to bring their ideas to life.

Through our programs and partners, we prepare underrepresented entrepreneurs to build a foundation for success.Creating Opportunities through EntrepreneurialismThe Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs Accelerator connects founders with leaders across our company to build products and technologies in the industries where Comcast operates.

Since 2018, 54 companies have completed the program and have gone on to raise more than 125 million combined.

Comcast supports the nonprofit’s Design Challenge, a free curriculum to help teachers empower high school students to develop innovative solutions for their communities.

BUILD.ORGCOMCAST CORPORATION162023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP COMCAST CORPORATIONSTARTOUTEquity for Entrepreneurs: We partner with leading organizations who are committed to driving inclusive economic growth and increasing equity for entrepreneurs.

Native Women Lead supports emerging Native American women owned businesses by building community and coalitions.

StartOut helps LGBTQ entrepreneurs grow their businesses by delivering support and resources needed to compete fairly in today’s business world.

As part of our commitment to championing diverse voices, we use our platforms to highlight stories of underrepresented entrepreneurs.

Founding in Color, presented by Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs, is a three part docuseries that features candid interviews exploring the entrepreneurial journeys of Black and Latino startup founders, including how they navigate race, family, and other challenges while building their businesses.

Black leadership and innovation is celebrated in Echoing Green’s Unwavering: The Power of Black Innovation, a Comcast supported documentary that first aired on NBC owned and affiliated stations during Black History Month in February 2022.

The short film profiles nine Black leaders supported by Echoing Green’s Black Male Achievement Fellowship, the world’s first fellowship for social entrepreneurs creating systemic change for Black men and boys.

Being a creative and marketing award recipient of the Comcast RISE program was the spark that accelerated my personal and professional growth as a person of color in technology.

The exposure I received from our commercial spot helped hone the professionalism of my business, expanded our reach, and inspired the use of data science in addressing our collective climate and food crises.

I couldn’t be happier with the support and encouragement we received from the Comcast RISE program.

Whether they need a quick touch up or a more comprehensive whitening treatment plan, Refresh Mobile Teeth Whitening is committed to providing exceptional service and personalized care to each and every client.

With the Comcast RISE grant, I was able to educate myself on the latest dental technologies and techniques, invest in my dental spa with new lighting and website updates, and expand my services to include a broader range of cosmetic dental treatments to enhance my clients' smiles.

Guiding Principles is a psychotherapy practice that was founded on the belief that people can change.

It's a home away from home that is easily accessible to all, regardless of ability to pay, and provides individual, group, and family therapy services.

Receiving a full technology makeover package has been a dream come true.

Because we provide a lot of pro bono and low cost services, there is no budget for new equipment.

With new computers, we streamlined our administrative services and expanded our online services.

In 2022, we introduced a company wide program called Team UP to provide year round opportunities for Comcast employees to make a difference in local communities.

This includesvolunteering in person or virtually, serving as a nonprofit board member, making a charitable donation through our matching gift program, or supporting our network of partners.

Team UP builds on our legacy of community service with flexible, always on programming that also provides an outlet for our employees to take part in Project UP.

NBCUnites encourages NBCUniversal teammates to get involved with local nonprofits focused on building stronger communities, empowering young storytellers, and promoting media and technology skills.

To celebrate the launch of Team UP, hundreds of Philadelphia area employees joined eight Team USA Olympians and Paralympians to participate in volunteer projects with community partners including LUCY Outreach, Girls Inc. of Greater Philadelphia Southern New Jersey, and Philabundance.

Serving Those Who Served: Members of the Veterans Network (VetNet), Black Employee Network (BEN), and other employee resource groups have volunteered for seven consecutive years to lay wreaths on the graves of veterans at 32 cemeteries as part of National Wreaths Across America Day, an annual tradition of honoring the memories and service of veterans and their families.

A passion for advancing Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I) drives our work at every level.

Belonging means that all people can see themselves represented and feel comfortable expressing themselves and their perspectives.

When we understand how our different backgrounds, viewpoints, and identities shape our daily experiences, we help every person feel valued and important and, most importantly, that they belong throughout their personal and professional journey.

To foster this culture of belonging, we have taken action at many levels, such as embedding DE I leaders in each business unit to provide leadership, consistency, and accountability.

Comcast’s rotating DE I Employee Advisory Council, which consists of 24 employees across Divisions, Regions, and Business Units, works alongside the National DE I Cable Leadership Council and provides advice and recommendations on new products or policies that are the outcomes of our company’s DE I efforts.

Universal Filmed Entertainment Group established its Inclusion Council in 2020, which was inspired by studio employees and works to ensure that Universal operates as a fully inclusive and equitable organization.

We also leverage the knowledge of independent experts through Comcast’s Corporate DE I Advisory Council and Sky’s Diversity Advisory Council.

These councils, comprised of external business, academic, political, and civil rights leaders, help us learn from others, find solutions to challenges, and collaborate to create a more equitable future.

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) strengthen connections and engage employees through listening sessions, networking events, volunteerism, cultural celebrations, and educational opportunities.

To foster these connections, in 2022 Comcast’s ERG National Leadership Summit brought together ERG leaders and DE I partners to provide professional development opportunities and share best practices.

Additionally, we foster impact through our Elevate fund, which provides grants for ERGs to bring collaborative and innovative programming to all employees.

Identity Matters: Comcast’s Self ID campaign (pictured right) and Sky's Count Me In encouraged employees to share information on gender, race, ethnicity, military status, disability status, and pronouns to provide valuable insight that helps us develop policies and programs to ensure that our people are represented and supported.

Identity is what makes us special and defines us, and we are continuously finding new ways to honor and recognize this important fact.

Dialogue and listening increase understanding and empathy.

In 2022, we continued to provide many avenues for crucial conversations that help us learn and grow.

DE I Day: A celebration that brings teammates across Comcast together to build a deeper understanding of DE I and engage in collective education and thoughtful action.

Meet the Moment: NBCUniversal’s all employee Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility learning program spotlights internal business efforts, as well as external scholars, authors, and thought leaders to guide action at all levels of the company.

DE I Summer Learning Challenge: An educational experience where teammates learn about DE I from the company’s Diversity Hub, through video and written materials.

Moments That Matter: A podcast hosted by Senior Vice President and Comcast Cable Chief Diversity Officer Loren Hudson, which welcomes subject matter experts from within the organization to provide tips and tools to lead inclusivity.

Inclusion Week: Sky’s event that promotes a range of learning options for teams to use to advance their culture of inclusion.

A highlight throughout the year, the DE I Speaker Series includes engrossing conversations and panel discussions on key issues and features prominent speakers who share their perspectives and experiences.

Conversations to Spark Change: The More You Know, NBC’s iconic public service campaign, has been refreshed as longer conversations among well known people, such as Steph Curry and John Legend, to spark dialogue and create change.

Through mentorship, scholarship, education, and access, NBCU Academy is building a pipeline from the classroom to the newsroom.Yvette Miley EVP, Diversity, Equity Inclusion, NBCU News GroupCelebrating a Decade of Digital Storytelling: In 2022, Sky Up Academy Studios celebrated its 10 year anniversary.

Since 2012, Sky has brought together 268,500 young people to help develop their digital storytelling skills through unique, immersive studio experiences.In 2022, we took creative, thoughtful, and intentional actions in our recruitment, development, and networking programs to unleash the talent of diverse populations.

These changes are based on our deeply rooted conviction that a diverse workforce creates a stronger company and a better world.

NBCU Academy sponsors the Original Voices Fellowship in partnership with NBC News Studios, to provide funding for documentary filmmakers who seek out stories that reflect diverse communities.

Another program is the NBCU Academy Embed Program, which gives recent graduates the chance to work at NBC News Digital full time, and has hired 11 recent graduates who are working full time across the News Group and receiving mentoring and professional development.Developing Diverse TalentSKY UP ACADEMY STUDIOSDEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENTCOMCAST CORPORATION272023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPNBCUACADEMY As a company of storytellers, we have the platform and obligation to help inform, entertain, and shed light on important issues and underrepresented populations.Craig Robinson EVP Chief Diversity Officer, NBCUniversalWe take great pride in sourcing talent from underrepresented communities at any point in their careers, providing them with meaningful opportunities in front of and behind the camera, and advocating for them as they continue to grow, evolve, and thrive.Promoting Inclusion Across the IndustryTV Directors Program and Female Forward gives directors from underrepresented backgrounds an entry into episodic television by guaranteeing that they will direct an episode of a scripted show while in the program.

What’s New: NBCU LAUNCH joined forces with Telemundo’s Mujeres Imparables (Unstoppable Women) to expand the pool of experienced Hispanic female directors in scripted television.The Below the Line Traineeship provides on and off the job training and mentorship to underrepresented talent pursuing careers behind the camera.

What’s New: We collaborated with the Anti Recidivism Coalition (ARC) to give a system impacted trainee their first production job on the set of Jordan Peele’s Nope.NBC TV Writers Program prepares emerging diverse writers for careers in television, with the long term goal of developing the next generation of showrunners and content creators.

We are our committed filling our company with talent that represents the widest range of backgrounds and experiences to ensure our company reflects the communities we serve.

Tone Networks is an online mentoring and coaching platform that helps women and their allies at all levels meet their professional goals.

Inclusive leadership training is available to our senior leaders and managers, providing them with the practical skills to play an active role creating a culture of inclusion.

The Create the Future with Us campaign includes recruitment videos created by a range of Comcast team members who authentically share their experiences, enabling potential employees to see themselves represented.

The Cru provides external accountability circles and group coaching experiences for mid career women of color to provide collaboration and accountability.

Accelerate Your Career is Sky’s UK based program for Black and ethnic minority colleagues VP level and below, which creates development opportunities.

EXCEL includes sponsorship, mentorship, development, and networking opportunities to create awareness around internal career paths for Black, Latino, and AAPI VP leaders and allies across Comcast.

CoachDiversity is a certified executive coaching program with a focus on inclusive leadership.

Diversity Week: Diversity Week celebrates the people working tirelessly to drive DE I in media and entertainment.

In 2022, Comcast once again provided scholarships to two industry conferences who do just that: The National Association for Minorities in Cable (NAMIC) focuses on development and hiring of underrepresented groups in the cable industry, and Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) provides mentorships for women in the cable industry.

EXCEL DE I LEADERSHIP SERIES Having a sense of belonging is really powerful.

We believe that disability isn’t a lack of ability, it’s a lack of a solution.

For more than a decade, we’ve worked to make our products, technology, and experiences accessible to the widest possible audience, while expanding opportunities for independence for people with disabilities.

In the years since its inception, Comcast has delivered groundbreaking innovations in accessible entertainment, including the nation’s first Talking Guide, a TV remote you control with just your eyes, and in 2022 the industry’s first Large Button Voice Remote, which combines the best of Xfinity’s award winning Voice Remote technology with game changing accessibility features that will help connect more customers to thousands of hours of aggregated entertainment, news, and information.

The Accessibility Lab, which will celebrate its 10 year anniversary in 2023, continues to be the center of inclusive research, ideation and development at Comcast, facilitating important conversations and spurring meaningful change in accessible tech, content development, and inclusive design for our industry.

With the Large Button Voice remote, we are continuing our legacy of pioneering advancements in entertainment and connectivity and delivering exceptional experiences to customers.

Inclusive Design: Inclusive Design Training, available to 73,000 Comcast Cable employees, supports designers, developers, and product managers to continue to deliver experiences that reach everyone, through inclusive design and creating an inclusive culture.

Accessibility for Our Customers: The Accessibility Centers of Excellence (ACOE) is home to more than 140 agents specially trained on Comcast products and services, support for third party assistive devices, and information related to Braille or large print bills.

Over the past decade, the ACOE has supported nearly 4 million customers in getting and staying connected and millions more through our online accessibility help and support guides.

We have also expanded our call center to include American Sign Language (ASL) through a partnership with Connect Direct, a subsidiary of Communication Services for the Deaf, and began a pilot program to offer ASL in retail centers in late 2022.

This is the message behind The Universal Sphere, a free, 270 degree cinematic experience located in the Comcast Center campus in Philadelphia.

The Sphere, which features a short film called The Power of I, is designed to be inclusive and welcoming for the widest audience possible.

The space is wheelchair accessible, service animal friendly, offers closed captioning and audio description, and is a designated Certified Autism Center .

In 2022, it introduced a sensory friendly experience that included modifications to sound levels, reduced movements, and lighting adjustments to reduce blue light and eliminate flashing.The Universal Sphere Expands Accessibility OfferingsThe Sky’s The Limit on Inclusion: Sky has partnered with a newly launched civil rights group, the Black Equity Organization (BEO).

As part of this partnership, Sky will provide funding and support over three years for the organization’s Future 100 Growth Fund, which supports Black British entrepreneurs in launching and growing their businesses.

Comcast NBCUniversal’s international supplier diversity program is deeply committed to promote, increase, and improve the participation of diverse businesses within our corporate supply chain including companies owned by women, people of color, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) individuals.

This diversity inspires innovation, provides insights into the interests and needs of our customers, and supports a highly skilled and dynamic workforce.

The Orlando, Florida based agency focuses on experiential design for themed entertainment, museum, resorts, branded environments, and design spaces for all people.

The diverse owned business is run by Dan and his wife, Janelle, both owners and creative directors.

What started as a small graphic design and animation studio has been growing ever since, and now has 14 employees with backgrounds in project management, design, media, gaming, and animation, among other disciplines.

In 2022, Dan went through the rigorous, four month NBCUniversal Edge Program, which focuses on developing diverse owned businesses that specialize in media, marketing, and digital technology.

He says that the experience was both invaluable and fun, giving him the opportunity to see how Universal does business and to learn ways to scale his company.

This connection then led to several NBCUniversal projects, including media and experiential design for exciting new projects at Epic Universe, a groundbreaking new theme park planned to open in Orlando in 2025.

Several more projects with Epic Universe, The Franklin Institute, and others are in the works.

As MDSX grows, Dan is deeply committed to keeping the company’s vibrant culture intact.

This includes bringing people from different disciplines together to make room for the unexpected, encouraging a wide diversity of thought and perspectives, and giving back through community engagement.

When I talk to student groups, their eyes light up, he says.

They have no idea that there is someone that looks like them doing this kind of work.

DAN PICARD, CO OWNER, MDSX Widening representation in our programming and on our screens and increasing accessibility of our platforms and programs is essential to creating a diverse and inclusive experience for our customers and more equitable opportunities for those working behind the scenes.

Telemundo’s exclusive Spanish language coverage of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022 allowed more people than ever before to enjoy this thrilling game on every platform.

Across Peacock and Telemundo’s digital streaming platforms, the tournament was the biggest live event franchise in the history of Peacock and the most streamed World Cup in US media history.

As the largest U.S. distributor of multicultural programming, we proudly curate year round offerings such as the Asian American Film TV Collection and the LGBTQ Film TV Collection on Xfinity.

We also honor the wide array of people, cultures, and experiences during various Heritage Months.

For example, for Native American Heritage Month and Hispanic Heritage Month, Xfinity viewers had special access to shows and collections.Advancing Representation on and behind the Screen2023 IMPACT REPORT 00Black Experience on Xfinity: A first of its kind destination of Black entertainment featuring the ultimate in Black storytelling and home to the largest curated collection of independent Black films on demand, Black Experience amplifies important voices that need to be heard.

Our work advancing accessibility extends far beyond our company.

We take a leadership role, engaging the industry to create long term and sustainable change.

Comcast is a founding partner of this collaboration, which aims to make the Olympics more inclusive and connected.

Comcast NBCUniversal and Sky are members of this disability inclusion focused global business collective of 500 CEOs and their companies.

Sky teamed up with 14 other business leaders across The Valuable 500 to create computing, technology, and telecommunications solutions for a more inclusive world.

The Black Beauty Effect, a compelling three part docuseries that focuses on the pioneering Black women who have led social change within the beauty industry, as told from their perspective, was premiered on the Black Experience on Xfinity and Xumo.

The Return, a documentary about the special role that Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) play for both students and alumni created by Emmy nominated producer Will Packer launched exclusively on the Black Experience channel.

The shows Hacks, Harlem, Chucky and Saved by the Bell, produced by Universal Studio Group, were nominated for GLAAD Media Awards, which recognize and honor media for their fair, accurate, and inclusive representations of the LGBTQ community and the issues that affect their lives.

THE RETURN Seeking out stories and talent for inclusive casting not only increases opportunity, it delivers a better product.

We have committed to auditioning performers with disabilities for our productions to support authentic representation of the community.

Peacock’s New Amsterdam features deaf representation in front of and behind the camera, with several deaf actors, a deaf writer, and deaf storylines throughout the season.

Through our ongoing partnership with the Geena Davis Institute, we run TV and film scripts through their Spellcheck for Bias program to identify opportunities where we can add diverse characters as well as identify harmful stereotypes and tropes.

At the center of the Peacock Original We Are Lady Parts is a modern day comedy about five young Muslim women who are in a punk band and trying to get their first gig.

The show not only highlights the ethnic diversity within the community, but also complex, multi faceted expression of Muslim identity.

At this moment in our culture where there is an abundance of diverse talent with amazing stories to tell, our hope is that the progress we make will create an unending ripple effect in our industry.

Diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential to our business.

Our aspiration is to have 50% women and 33% people of color at every level of our workforce.

All diversity data in this report are for Comcast NBCUniversal only.

Workforce metrics are reflective of our U.S. full time employees.

Ethnic diversity numbers may not sum to total due to rounding.

Our Executive Leadership Team includes Comcast’s Senior Vice Presidents and above, as well as NBCUniversal’s Executive and Management Committees.

Our Board of Directors is 50% diverse by people of color and gender.

Comcast NBCUniversal’s supplier diversity program is designed to promote, increase, and improve the participation of diverse businesses within our corporate supply chain.

We track our spending with both Tier 1 (direct purchases from approximately 4,250 diverse suppliers) and Tier 2, direct and indirect subcontracting spend reported from non diverse owned suppliers.

Total Diversity refers to people of color and women, without double counting women of color.

Ethnic diversity numbers may not sum to total due to rounding.

To tell authentic stories that resonate with a wide range of audiences, we strive to have diverse perspectives in every aspect of our programming at NBCUniversal.

News Assets includes NBC News, MSNBC, CNBC, and NBC owned stations, but does not include Telemundo Network News or Telemundo stations.

NBCUniversal does not have a complete validated Self ID dataset for the 2020 2021 scripted season.

We are committed to bringing together diverse communities and inspiring our customers, audiences, and employees to make a positive social impact.

Over the last three years, we’ve invested 606M cash and in kind giving benefiting people of color.

COMCASTNBCUNIVERSALWe are doing our part to help the planet by reducing our carbon footprint, increasing energy efficiency, and implementing sustainable practices for the future.EnvironmentCOMCAST CORPORATION432023 IMPACT REPORT We’re taking action toward a greener future by reducing our carbon footprint across our enterprise.

As a company, we have a goal to be carbon neutral by 2035 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions the direct and indirect emissions we own and control across our global operations.

We’re proud of progress already made, reducing enterprise wide greenhouse gas emissions by 38% since 2019.

In 2022, we achieved another significant accomplishment by estimating the emissions of our full value chain, known as Scope 3 emissions.

Comcast’s Scope 3 emissions reflect estimates of both the upstream emissions associated with our suppliers and the downstream emissions associated with our customers’ use of our products and services.

Estimating the emissions of our full value chain was an important step for us in joining the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), one of the key organizations focused on aligning corporate climate action with the global climate goals set by the Paris Agreement.

By joining SBTi, Comcast has committed to set additional near term emissions reduction goals in line with pathways designed to limit climate change over the next 5 10 years.

For more information, please visit our Carbon Footprint Data Report.

Comcast’s Inaugural Green Bond: In early 2023, Comcast issued a 1 billion green bond, which allowed investors to support environmental efforts that are either underway or under consideration as part of Comcast’s goal to be carbon neutral by 2035.

Proceeds from the green bond will be allocated to specific categories outlined in Comcast’s Green Financing Framework, such as renewable energy and green buildings.

This inaugural green bond offering was led by Bank of America and co led and underwritten by four nationally recognized minority , women , and service disabled veteran owned investment banking firms with which Comcast has a strong historical relationship.

Managing the Challenges Ahead: Decarbonizing our business and value chain depends on many factors beyond our control, including political, economic, regulatory, and geopolitical conditions, supply chain and labor issues, supplier emissions reductions, the evolution of carbon offset markets, and investment and innovation to close gaps in available technology and infrastructure.

Overcoming these challenges will require, among other things, increased collaboration with a range of business partners, industry peers, governments around the world, and other stakeholders.

Harnessing Clean Energy and TechnologyIn 2022, we signed new renewable energy agreements totaling more than 183,000 megawatt hours (MWh) per year, bringing our contracted total to over 1 million MWh per year roughly 25% of our projected 2026 energy load once the new projects come online.

This is equivalent to avoiding the emissions from 137,000 homes’ electricity use for a year.

Additionally, Sky and Comcast Spectacor continue to source 100% renewable electricity, in line with their previously set goals.

We are utilizing the latest clean technologies to green our operations and network.

This means investing in clean and renewable energy, piloting electric and hybrid vehicles, and building for the future.

New England: The Gravel Pit Solar project in East Windsor, Connecticut will power nearly half of Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal operations across New England.

The contract represents an annual volume of approximately 111,000 MWh.

Michigan: Comcast entered into agreements to purchase renewable wind and solar electricity for half of Comcast Cable’s Michigan operations.

The contracts represent a combined annual volume of approximately 52,000 MWh.

Illinois: Comcast signed a long term agreement to purchase approximately 20,000 MWh annually of solar electricity in Illinois.

London: NBCUniversal is supporting the Grid Project, a pilot program led by Film London, to reduce the carbon footprint of the city’s entertainment industry by installing electrical cabinets that productions can plug into rather than using diesel generators, and supplying 100% renewable energy to power the productions.Clean Energy LoadClean Energy Usage Year Over Year2019202020212022YearMWh150,000250,000660,0001,240,000COMCAST CORPORATION482023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UPHARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGY SKY ALL ELECTRIC SHUTTLE BUSNew Technologies On the GoComcast expanded its fleet of electric and hybrid vehicles, which now includes Chevy Bolts, Ford Lightnings, Ford E Transits, and Ford Fusions.

The pilot vehicles are helping the business gain insights into the challenges and benefits to broader EV deployment.

Sky News has eight Rapid News Gathering vehicles, nicknamed RaNGers, featuring the latest battery and solar technology.

The new power system has reduced carbon emissions by 105 tons a year, almost a 100% reduction from previous vehicles.

The Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood is going green with a total of eight electric trams in rotation on the world famous Studio Tour.

The theme park plans to convert its entire fleet of 21 trams to electric by 2025.

Sky unveiled a full suite of all electric shuttle buses to transport employees to and from campus and connect them with local public transit.

This transition reduces Sky’s carbon emissions by 272 tons every year compared to its historic diesel fleet.Across the enterprise, we're continuing to work to reduce fleet emissions by piloting electric and hybrid vehicles in targeted locations, installing telematics and fuel efficiency technology, and offering more digital support tools that reduce truck visits.

Our company is taking steps to apply sustainable building standards to our operations and construction.

From Los Angeles to Beijing, our world class parks and production studios are greener than ever.

Universal City Studios which includes the Universal Studios Lot and 10 Universal City Plaza, a 35 story LEED Gold office building was designated as a LEED Campus in June 2022, featuring 1.8 MW of onsite solar, electric vehicle charging stations, and water conservation and reuse, among many other sustainability measures.

Energy efficient buildings are being built to a BREEAM standard of Outstanding and feature components such as photovoltaic roof panels, responsibly sourced building materials, and reduced embodied carbon from sensitive design and material sourcing.

The resort and attraction became the world’s first theme park to achieve LEED Gold certification under the Cities and Communities rating system, with highlights including green space, reclaimed water systems, energy efficiency, onsite solar, and access to public transit with walkways and bike lanes.

Sky has nearly completed construction of Sky Studios Elstree, which will feature over 160,000 square feet of solar panels on the roofs of buildings, with any additional energy required also coming from a renewable source.

NBCUniversal announced a goal for all new offices, studios, and parks to be LEED Gold or better.

The green building framework will be integrated into construction requirements and will apply to major renovations where feasible.

To set operators up for success, all new construction will be all electric or electrification ready.As we expand our physical footprint, we are dedicated to reducing our carbon footprint by future proofing construction for a sustainable world.Audrey Vinant Tang Director of Sustainability Strategy, NBCUniversalHARNESSING CLEAN ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGYEV CHARGING STATION AT LEED GOLDCOMCAST CORPORATION512023 IMPACT REPORT01 MESSAGE23 DE I43 ENVIRONMENT02 PROJECT UP Powering a Greener, Cleaner InternetAchieving our carbon neutral goal will require our business to work harder and smarter, and that goes for the network itself.

That’s why, in 2022, we announced plans to double our network efficiency by 2030 by deploying new technologies that will avoid the estimated emissions equivalent to powering half a million homes for a year.

We’ve already made great progress toward our goal, reducing the electricity it takes to deliver each byte of data across our network by 36% since 2019.

The efficiency gains have been achieved through a reduction in total energy use across network facilities and operations while at the same time expanding connectivity services for customers.CAPTION2019202020212022YearNetwork Energy Efficiency Year Over YearKilowatt hour (kWh) per terabyte (TB)These efficiency gains are a critical part of our plan to grow the Xfinity 10G Network more sustainably.

We’ve continued our long standing collaboration with industry peers to collectively improve the energy efficiency of TV set top boxes and small network equipment to reduce downstream emissions and save customers money on their energy bills.

This industry wide effort has saved consumers 2.5 billion in annual energy costs.

We deliver sustainable design innovations through leading edge products like Sky Glass, the world’s first TV certified CarbonNeutral , and recyclable packaging systems to reduce waste.

And we’re working toward 100% recyclable materials for our Xfinity retail and direct to consumer packaging.

In the UK, Sky is working toward being single use plastic free across its operations.

In 2022, Sky launched its most energy efficient TV product ever: Sky Stream.

The compact, plug and play device which lets customers stream entertainment via WiFi straight to any TV, without a dish features an auto standby mode that reduces both emissions and electricity costs.

Like all Sky products, packaging for Sky Stream is 100% recyclable, Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified, and free of single use plastics.

Industry Collaboration to Track Emissions from Devices: Sky, along with other leading technology companies, has formed a secretariat led by the global climate consultancy the Carbon Trust to tackle internet connected device emissions.

The group will develop the industry’s first specification for measuring, accounting for, and decarbonizing the emissions associated with connected devices while being used by customers.

Jordan Peele’s Nope gave its original sets a second act, after Jupiter’s Claim permanently joined the Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood.

Romulus, an Italian television series about the founding of Rome, which is co produced by Sky, received an Albert Sustainable Production certification for implementing sustainable practices during its second season.

La Brea, an NBC drama, piloted a hybrid lithium ion battery system to power production of its second season in Australia.

Environmental stewardship for film and TV production has long been a priority behind the scenes through our sustainable production practices.

It can also take a leading role on screen through compelling storytelling that showcases the possibilities of a more sustainable future.

The NBCUniversal Sustainable Production Program and Sky’s Sustainable Production Guidelines are dedicated to reducing the environmental impact of film and TV productions by empowering teams to integrate environmental best practices into on set protocols.

These include using LED lighting, lower emission fuel alternatives, and hybrid and electric vehicles, as well as reducing waste through set material reuse, recycling and composting, and by donating excess food.

The third annual Hollywood Climate Summit, held in June 2022, explored the power of storytelling to drive climate action.

NBCUniversal sponsored Writing Climate: Pitchfest for TV and Film on the Universal Studios Lot, a program to amplify writers taking innovative approaches to expanding the definition of a climate story.

After a thorough judging process, 20 writers were chosen to have their climate story ideas heard by development executives, managers, and agents.

Through the newly launched GreenerLight Program, the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group (UFEG) expanded its sustainability program across the filmmaking process beginning with script development and extending through locations and set needs, as well as on screen behaviors.

UFEG partnered with the Natural Resources Defense Council and its Rewrite the Future program to inform the studio’s strategy around climate storytelling and ensure its efforts are driven by science.

NBCUniversal had another record setting year at the 2022 Environmental Media Association (EMA) Awards an annual celebration of sustainable production and environmental messaging in the media.

The End Is Nye: The Volcano Paradox took home an EMA Award for reality television for its portrayal of climate change and inclusion of climate solutions, in addition to receiving an EMA Gold Seal recognition of the crew’s work behind the scenes.

Other NBCUniversal nominees recognized for environmental messaging included Jurassic World Dominion, Saturday Night Live, and Home Sweet Home.

The Sky Kids weekly news show FYI surveyed thousands of kids for their opinions and challenged political leaders on climate change in bold interviews.

COP27: Six Ways to Save Our Planet highlighted innovative climate solutions and tips on how to protect the planet.

TODAY Climate and Sky News’ The Weekly Climate Show report on climate news.

NBC News New York took a hyperlocal look at the challenge in the Chasing Our Climate digital series.

MSNBC Films’ From Devil’s Breath tackled wildfires caused by climate change.

We also provide additional reports, policies and resources related to our ESG data, performance and progress on the ESG Reporting page of our Investor Relations website.

We are committed to using the power of our platforms, our people, and our reach to create positive change and a more equitable society.

By supporting local communities, our teammates, and our planet we can help create a world of open possibilities so together, we can build a future that benefits generations to come.

We thank our employees, partners, customers, and communities for their partnership, dedication, and support.