 Novo Nordisk 
Corporate 
Governance  
Report 2021

Khady Wade is living with type 1 diabetes and is enrolled in our  
Changing Diabetes® in Children programme, Senegal

Novo Nordisk A/S - Novo Allé 1, 2880 Bagsværd, Denmark - CVR no. 24256790

 2

Contents

1. 

Introduction  

2.  Corporate Governance recommendations and practices 

3.  Novo Nordisk governance structure 

4.  Board of Directors 

5.  Board Committees  

6.  Executive Management  

7.  Risk management  

8. 

Internal control  

Appendix 1 
Novo Nordisk’s reporting on the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations    

Appendix 2 
Novo Nordisk’s reporting on the Corporate Governance Standards of the  

New York Stock Exchange  

3 

3 

4 

 4 

4 

8 

8 

9

11

25

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    
 
 
 
 3

Corporate Governance 
Report for the  
financial year 2021

cf. Section 107 b of the Danish Financial Statements Act1 

Introduction

This Corporate Governance Report including appendices (hereinafter “the Report”) is 

3.3.2 – Disclosure of certain information about Board members: Information on number of 

prepared pursuant to Section 107 b of the Danish Financial Statements Act and forms a part 

shares owned and changes during the year is disclosed in our Remuneration Report and not in 

of the management review in the statutory Annual Report 2021. The sections “Novo Nordisk 

the Annual Report management review as recommended.

governance structure”, “Board of Directors”, “Board Committees” (except for the 2021 Board 

committee reports), “Executive Management”, “Risk management” and “Internal Control” are 

3.4.2 – Independence of Board committees: To allow for both a main shareholder and 

covered by the independent auditor’s report in the 2021 Annual Report, whereas the section 

an employee representative in our Board committees, half of the members of the Chair 

“Corporate Governance recommendations and practices” and Appendices 1 and 2 are not 

Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Research & 

covered by the independent auditor’s report. This Report has been approved by the Board of 

Development Committee are considered independent and not the majority as recommended.

Directors together with the Annual Report 2021.

Corporate Governance recommendations and practices 

recommending candidates for Executive Management resides with the Chair Committee and 

3.4.4 – Tasks of the Nomination Committee: Responsibility for succession management and 

Novo Nordisk is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and is subject 
to the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations designated by Nasdaq Copenhagen2, and 
– as a foreign private issuer – to the Corporate Governance Standards of NYSE3. 

For a review of Novo Nordisk’s compliance with the Danish Corporate Governance 

recommendations, please see Appendix 1.

not with the Nomination Committee as recommended.

Corporate Governance Recommendations of Nasdaq Copenhagen

Corporate Governance Standards of the New York Stock Exchange 

In 2021 Novo Nordisk complied with the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations as 

As a foreign private issuer Novo Nordisk complies with relevant Corporate Governance 

we either complied with or explained our approach to the recommendations. Novo Nordisk 

Standards of the New York Stock Exchange, where Novo Nordisk’s American Depository 

explained its approach to the following three recommendations: 

Receipts (ADRs) are listed. 

1. In Danish “Redegørelse for virksomhedsledelse, jf. årsregnskabslovens § 107 b”. 2. The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations 
are available at: https://corporategovernance.dk/gaeldende-anbefalinger-god-selskabsledelse. 3. The Corporate Governance Standards as 
included in the NYSE Listed Company Manual can be found at: https://nyse.wolterskluwer.cloud/listed-company-manual. 

For a review of Novo Nordisk’s compliance with the NYSE Corporate Governance Standards, 

please see Appendix 2.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    4

Novo Nordisk governance structure

The Board of Directors convenes at least 6 times per year. In 2021, the Board held 11 meetings.

The shareholders of Novo Nordisk A/S exercise their rights at the general meetings, which is the 

For further information on our Board members, including independence and meeting 

supreme governing body. The general meeting adopts the company’s Articles of Association 

attendance, please see our 2021 Annual Report page 44-46 and Novo Nordisk’s website, as well 

and elects the Board of Directors. 

as Appendices 1 and 2 to this Report.

Novo Nordisk has a two-tier management structure consisting of the Board of Directors and 

To ensure that discussions include perspectives relevant for the complex, global healthcare 

Executive Management. 

environment, the Board of Directors aspires to be diverse. The Board of Directors has adopted 

and annually reviews “The Competence Profile of the Board of Directors of Novo Nordisk 

The Board of Directors is responsible for the overall strategic direction and supervision of the 

A/S” containing guidelines on desired Board member competences and Board composition 

performance of the company, strategy implementation and the work of Executive Management. 

including diversity targets for gender and nationality. As of 31 December 2021, the target of 

having at least two Nordic and two non-Nordic nationals amongst shareholder-elected Board 

Executive Management, in turn, is responsible for the day-to-day management of the company, 

members was met, while the 2024 target of having at least three shareholder-elected Board 

development and implementation of strategies and policies, the company’s operations and 

members of each gender was not yet met as there were only two female Board members 

organisation and timely reporting to the Board of Directors and Novo Nordisk’s stakeholders. 

after the 2021 annual general meeting where a female Board member stepped down. When 

including the employee-elected Board members, seven members were Nordic and five were 

The Board of Directors and Executive Management are separate bodies, and no one serves as a 

non-Nordic while four were female and eight were male. Diversity in the broadest sense 

member of both. 

Board of Directors

remains a key focus area for the Board of Directors, including in Board member searches.

The Board of Directors evaluates its performance annually and further information about the 2021 

Board evaluation and its outcome is described in the commentary to section 3.5 in Appendix 1.

As of 31 December 2021, the Board of Directors consisted of 12 members. Eight were elected 

by the shareholders at the annual general meeting, including the chair and vice chair. They 

Board Committees

serve for a one-year term and may be re-elected. Four have been elected by the Danish-

based employees of Novo Nordisk A/S, most recently in 2018 for a statutory four-year term. 

The Board of Directors has among its members established a Chair Committee, an Audit 

The employee-elected Board members have the same rights, duties and responsibilities as 

Committee, a Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee, and a Research & 

shareholder-elected members and may be re-elected. 

Development Committee which report to the Board of Directors. Each committee has a 

Five of the eight shareholder-elected Board members are considered independent as defined 

available on Novo Nordisk’s website. Further, each committee annually conducts an evaluation 

charter, which sets out purpose, responsibilities and procedural matters and these charters are 

by the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations, while three are considered non-

of its work and reviews its charter. 

independent as they are either member of the board of directors or executive management 

of the main shareholder Novo Holdings A/S. Employee-elected Board members are not 

For information on committee members, individual meeting attendance and independence, 

considered independent. 

please refer to the 2021 Annual Report page 44-46. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    
 5

Chair Committee

Executive Management and organisation 

•  Reviewed the organisational structure and plan. 

The Chair Committee consists of the chair and vice chair of the Board of Directors and assists with 

•  Reviewed the composition of and the succession plan for Executive Management. 

the planning of Board meetings to ensure a balance between strategy setting and financial and 

•  Reviewed the annual performance of Executive Management for 2020. 

managerial supervision of the company. The Chair Committee further assists with the annual Board 

•  Reviewed the achievement of STIP and LTIP targets and recommended corporate 2021  

evaluation in collaboration with the Nomination Committee; with employment, evaluation, and 

STIP and LTIP targets.

remuneration of Executive Management; and with talent and leadership development, succession 

planning, and organisational development. The chair represents the Board of Directors externally. 

Audit Committee 

Chair Committee Report for 2021

The Audit Committee has five members and assists the Board of Directors mainly with 

overseeing the external auditors and the internal audit function; handling complaints reported 

In 2021 the Chair Committee held seven meetings and inter alia dealt with the  

through the Compliance Hotline; overseeing and reviewing financial and ESG reporting, 

following matters: 

Board matters and governance 

•  Prepared the Board’s annual wheel for 2021. 

financial risk management and financial counterpart exposure, internal controls over financial 

and ESG reporting, business ethics compliance, information security; and insurance coverage.

Two members of the Audit Committee, including the chair, have competences in accounting 

•  Prepared each Board meeting including review of agenda and key recommendations to the 

and auditing and collectively the members of the Audit Committee have competences relevant 

Board regarding inter alia business performance and proposals for budgets/targets, business 

to the healthcare industry as required by the Danish Act on Approved Auditors and Audit Firms. 

plans, strategies, policies, investments, financial reporting, shareholder meetings and follow up 

Two members, including the chair, have been designated as financial experts as defined by the 

on actions and decisions made by the Board. 

•  Followed up on actions from the 2020 Board evaluation.

US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Please refer to the Annual Report 2021 on page 

46 for an overview of independence and financial experts. 

•  Reviewed documents governing the Board and committees as well as the Guidelines for 

Executive Management. 

Audit Committee Report for 2021 

•  Reviewed the company’s shareholder activism and takeover response capabilities. 

•  Reviewed the company’s investment portfolio.  

According to SEC reporting requirements for listed companies the Audit Committee shall report 

Annual general meeting and shareholders 

•  Reviewed the proposed agenda for the 2021 annual general meeting. 

•  Conducted meetings with eight of Novo Nordisk’s large shareholders. 

•  Evaluated the 2021 annual general meeting.

on its activities. 

The Audit Committee works according to an Annual Work Plan with fixed agenda items 

following key events of the annual financial reporting cycle. In addition, the Audit Committee 

requests additional topics to be discussed in its meetings from time to time. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    6

In 2021 the Audit Committee held five meetings and discussed the following matters: 

–  transactions with related parties, 

Audit Committee matters and governance 

Sarbanes Oxley Act and Danish legislation, and 

•  Conducted a performance evaluation including a review of the Audit Committee Charter 

–  ESG reporting, key reporting categories within the environmental, social and  

–  the scope of internal controls over financial reporting in relation to the requirements in the 

and assessment of independence, financial expertise, and other legal requirements of each 

governance section. 

member of the Audit Committee. 

•  Conducted private meetings with selected members of Executive Management and with 

•  The Audit Committee performed a review of: 

the external auditor. Solicited written response from the remaining members of Executive 

–  the global finance organisation, 

Management, the general counsel, and head of Group Internal Audit. 

–  the financial statement releases for the full year and interim financial reports, 

–  the Annual Report including the financial and ESG statements and the Form-20 F, 

Review of internal and external audit matters 

–  the bi-annual risk management reporting, 

•  Evaluated the performance and the independence of the external auditor. 

–  the risk reporting process, 

•  Recommended the re-election of the external auditor, Deloitte, to the Board of Directors and 

–  the company’s financial counterpart exposure in the company’s treasury policy, and 

the annual general meeting in 2022. 

approved an update hereto, 

•  Reviewed the performance, independence, effectiveness, and organisation of the internal 

–  accounting matters and estimates related to acquisitions, and 

audit function, including a review of the charter for Group Internal Audit. Assessed the 

–  the insurance coverage regarding property, business interruption, product liability and 

performance of targets and the remuneration for the head of Group Internal Audit. 

Directors & Officers liability.

•  The head of Group Internal Audit and the external auditor presented the audit planning 

•  The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the fraud risk assessment prepared by 

and audit resources. In addition, they presented the annual conclusion and results of audit 

management. 

activities conducted each quarter for review including the conclusion of the audit of internal 

controls over financial reporting. 

Other matters 

•  Furthermore, the external auditor presented its annual long form report, and the annual 

•  Reviewed the Compliance reporting from the chief compliance officer, 

Audit Committee Report required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

•  Reviewed issues reported via Compliance Hotline and agreed on the performed 

(“PCAOB”). 

investigations, conclusions and sanctions reached,  

•  The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the pre-approval policy for audit, non-audit, 

•  Reviewed the Information Security activities and focus areas, and 

and tax services to external auditors, reviewed the given pre-approvals for the current year 

•  Reviewed the Diabetes API capacity investment in the US incl. accounting treatment hereof 

and pre-approved the level for the next financial year (including engagement letter). Further 

and overall financial impact. 

the Audit Committee reviewed the procedure for hiring employees from external auditors. 

Nomination Committee 

Financial and ESG reporting 

•  Discussed with the chief financial officer, head of Finance and Compliance, the general 

The Nomination Committee has four members and assists the Board of Directors with the 

counsel, head of Group Internal Audit and the external auditors: 

competence profile and composition of the Board of Directors; nomination of members for 

–  material and relevant new accounting pronouncement, implementation of such, review of 

the Board of Directors and Board committees; the annual Board evaluation; and the corporate 

key accounting policies and the accounting for certain transactions and activities, 

governance of the company.

–  key accounting matters, incl. judgements and estimates, such as provisions for sales 

rebates, indirect production costs, ongoing tax and legal cases and intangible assets/

impairment hereof, 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    7

Nomination Committee Report for 2021 

Remuneration Committee Report for 2021 

In 2021 the Nomination Committee held four meetings and inter alia dealt with the following 

In 2021 the Remuneration Committee held four meetings and inter alia dealt with the following 

matters:

matters: 

Board and Committee composition 

Remuneration Policy for the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management 

•  Reviewed the Competence Profile of the Board and recommended to the Board a revision of 

•  Reviewed and recommended to the Board changes to the Remuneration Policy to be 

the desired competences. 

approved by the annual general meeting. 

•  Reviewed the mapping of Board members’ competences based on the updated competences 

in the Board Competence Profile. 

Remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and its committees 

•  Reviewed the composition of the Board, including structure, size and composition, and long-

•  Reviewed the 2021 remuneration benchmark on Board and Committee remuneration, 

term succession planning. 

including peer groups.

•  Reviewed the composition of the Board committees and recommended to the Board 

•  Recommended to the Board remuneration levels, multiples, and allowances for 2022 to be 

proposals for the election of Board committee members. 

approved by the annual general meeting. 

•  Reviewed the Group Internal Audit’s report on Board remuneration. 

Nomination of Board members 

•  Conducted Board candidate searches, including candidate interviews. 

Remuneration and employment terms of the members of Executive Management 

•  Recommended to the Board proposals for nomination of chair, vice chair and board 

•  Reviewed the 2021 remuneration benchmark on executive remuneration, including peer 

members to be elected at the annual general meeting. 

groups. 

•  Reviewed feedback from stakeholders on candidates nominated for the 2021 annual  

•  Discussed trends in executive remuneration. 

general meeting. 

Board evaluation 

•  Recommended to the Board changes in remuneration in 2021 as well as the general 

remuneration level for 2022. 

•  Recommended to the Board remuneration and employment terms for new members of 

•  Reviewed the scope and approach to the 2021 Board evaluation. 

Executive Management.

•  Reviewed the outcome of the 2021 Board evaluation prior to review by the Board. 

•  Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2022 short-term incentive programme (STIP) 

Nomination Committee matters and governance 

•  Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2022 long-term incentive programme (LTIP) 

•  Recommended proposal to remove Board member age limit in the Articles of Association. 

structure for Executive Management. 

•  Reviewed the shareholding requirements for executives as well as the executives’ adherence 

Remuneration Committee 

to the shareholding requirements. 

•  Reviewed Group Internal Audit’s reports on executive and other senior management 

structure for Executive Management. 

The Remuneration Committee has four members and assists the Board of Directors with the 

remuneration. 

Remuneration Policy; remuneration of the Board of Directors; remuneration and employment 

terms of Executive Management and the Remuneration Report. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    8

Remuneration Report 

Executive Management 

•  Evaluated the 2020 Remuneration Report, including review of stakeholder feedback. 

•  Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2021 Remuneration Report with a focus on 

Executive Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the company as further 

enhancing transparency.

Research & Development Committee 

described above. Executive Management meets at least once a month. To ensure the organisational 

implementation of our strategy, Executive Management has established a Management Board 

consisting of the chief executive officer, executive vice presidents and senior vice presidents. 

The Research & Development Committee has four members and assists the Board of 

As of 31 December 2021, Executive Management consisted of ten members. Three of the 

Directors with the oversight of the Research and Development strategy; pipeline; and the R&D 

executives are based outside Denmark and have the responsibility for Biopharm, International 

organisation. 

Operations, and North America Operations respectively, and are not registered as executives 

Research & Development Committee Report for 2021 

In 2021 the Research & Development Committee held eight meetings and inter alia dealt with 

with the Danish Business Authority. 

Risk management 

the following matters: 

R&D portfolio update 

Novo Nordisk’s risk management process is governed by Executive Management and designed 

to ensure that key business risks are effectively identified, assessed, and mitigated so that they 

do not affect the company’s ability to achieve its business objectives. The risk management 

•  Regularly reviewed the progress of the development project portfolio, including initiation and 

system covers Novo Nordisk in terms of geography, activities, and functional areas. 

results of clinical trials, submission of application for marketing authorisations, and receipt of 

marketing authorisations for key development projects. 

All business activity has inherent risk. Our approach to risk management is to proactively 

•  Reviewed the progress of the research project portfolio, including key challenges and 

manage risk to ensure continued growth of our business and to protect our people, assets, and 

initiatives within early innovation and new therapeutic areas. 

reputation. 

Progress within external innovation sourcing 

This means that we: 

•  Discussed the business development strategy and reviewed the progress. 

•  utilise an effective and integrated risk management system while maintaining business 

•  Regularly reviewed the potential as well as completed external innovation sourcing 

flexibility, 

opportunities, including potential acquisitions, and licensing opportunities. 

• 

identify and assess material risks associated with our business, and 

•  monitor, manage and mitigate risks. 

R&D Strategy 

•  Reviewed the long-term resource allocation to and within R&D. 

Our risk willingness depends upon the specific category of risk and examples of such categories are: 

•  Reviewed the R&D digitalisation strategy.

•  Research and Development Risks 

•  Reviewed the R&D strategy within specific therapy areas and technologies. 

•  Product supply, Quality and Safety Risks 

The R&D organisation

•  Reviewed organisational development activities.

•  Commercialisation Risks 

•  IT Security Risks 

•  Financial Risks 

•  Legal and Compliance Risks 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    9

Please refer to the Annual Report 2021 page 41-42 for a more detailed description of the above 

The Audit Committee appointed by the Board of Directors monitors on an ongoing basis the 

categories and Novo Nordisk’s key risks.

assessment of risk and the design and operating effectiveness of the implemented internal 

controls in connection with the financial reporting process. 

The enterprise risk management system 

In Novo Nordisk, management teams in all organisational areas are responsible for continuous 

The internal audit function, Group Internal Audit, reports to the Audit Committee. The internal 

identification, assessment, and mitigation of risks. All areas have procedures and infrastructure 

audit function provides independent and objective assurance primarily within internal control 

to ensure successful management and reporting of risks, with dedicated local risk coordinators 

and governance. 

facilitating the process and providing advice and training. This setup allows us to respond in a 

timely manner to risks.

Risk assessment 

Biannually, management teams are required to report to the Group Reporting & Insights 

of Novo Nordisk, including the impact on the financial reporting and the financial reporting 

department their most significant risks, along with assessments and an overview of 

process. Quarterly, the Audit Committee has discussions with the chief financial officer, head 

implemented mitigations and next milestones. All risk assessments take into account the 

of finance and compliance, head of group internal audit, the external auditor and the general 

likelihood of an event and its potential impact on the business. Impact is quantified and 

counsel regarding: 

assessed in terms of potential financial loss or reputational damage. Risks are assessed both as 

•  material and relevant new accounting pronouncements, implementation of such, review of 

The Audit Committee and Executive Management perform assessments of the risk exposure 

gross risk and net risk. 

key accounting policies and the accounting for certain transactions and activities, and 

•  accounting for material legal and tax issues - significant accounting estimates, and the scope 

Group Reporting & Insights then challenges management on the reported risk information 

and effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting including Sarbanes-Oxley 

(including assessments, implemented mitigations and next milestones), and consolidates on a 

requirements. 

biannual basis reported risks into a corporate profile containing the company’s key risks. The final 

risk profile is reviewed by Executive Management, the Audit Committee, and the Board of Directors. 

The identified key risks in relation to the financial reporting are described in ‘Risk Management’ 

Internal control 

Overall control environment 

on page 41-42 in the Annual Report 2021 and in note 1.1 ‘Principal accounting policies and key 

accounting estimates’ of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Control activities 

The Board of Directors and Executive Management set out general requirements for business 

The internal control system which has been based on the COSO framework (“Committee of 

processes and internal controls. A number of key policies are defined by Executive Management 

Sponsoring Organizations”) includes clearly defined organisational roles and responsibilities, 

and approved by the Board of Directors. 

reporting requirements and authorities. Novo Nordisk is in compliance with the Sarbanes–Oxley 

Act section 404, which requires detailed documentation of the design and operation of financial 

A description of Novo Nordisk’s overall policies, positions and values can be found in ‘Purpose 

reporting processes. Novo Nordisk must ensure that there are no material weaknesses in the 

and Sustainability (ESG)’ on page 11-23 in the Annual Report 2021. 

internal controls that could lead to a material misstatement in its financial reporting.

Responsibility for maintaining sufficient and effective internal controls and risk management 

The company’s conclusion and the auditor’s evaluation of these processes are included in the 

system in relation to the financial reporting is anchored with Executive Management. Executive 

company’s Form 20-F filing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

Management ensures design and implementation of controls considered necessary to mitigate 

risks identified in relation to the financial reporting process. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    
 10

IT systems 

Novo Nordisk operates with a common global IT system that ensures uniformity and 

transparency in data used for the financial reporting and controlling. Information and 

communication systems to ensure accounting and internal control compliance are established 

including accounting manual, internal control requirements, budgeting manual and other 

relevant guidelines. This information is available for all employees on the Intranet.

Monitoring 

Each month the group’s companies report financial data and comments on financial and 

commercial developments to the central accounting and controlling function. This information 

is used to prepare consolidated financial statements and reports for the group’s Executive 

Management. Financial reporting, including reporting from subsidiaries, are controlled on an 

ongoing basis. In connection with the preparation of the Annual Report, additional analysis and 

control activities are performed to ensure proper presentation in the Annual Report. 

Test of internal controls over financial reporting by Group Internal Audit and external auditors 

and management’s self-assessment of the controls are conducted as a part of the compliance 

with the Sarbanes–Oxley Act section 404. The result hereof is reported to the Audit Committee 

on a quarterly basis.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Appendix 1 – Novo Nordisk’s reporting on the 
Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations 

 11

As a company incorporated in Denmark and with a primary listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen 

A/S, Novo Nordisk A/S shall either comply with or explain its approach to the Danish 

Corporate Governance Recommendations . Novo Nordisk complied with the Danish Corporate 

Governance Recommendations as we either complied with or explained our approach to the 

recommendations. Novo Nordisk explained its approach to recommendations nos. 3.3.2, 3.4.2 

and 3.4.4 as further described above and below. 

  Novo Nordisk complies with the recommendation 

  Novo Nordisk explains its approach to the recommendation 

1. Interaction with the company’s shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

1.1. Communication with the company’s shareholders, investors and other stakeholders

  1.1.1

The Committee recommends that the management through ongoing 

Novo Nordisk’s Board of Directors and Executive Management ensures that the company through 

dialogue and interaction ensures that shareholders, investors and other 

its investor relations activities has an ongoing dialogue with its shareholders, investors, and other 

stakeholders gain the relevant insight into the company’s affairs, and that the 

stakeholders to gain relevant insight into Novo Nordisk. 

board of directors obtains the possibility of hearing and including their views 

in its work.

To keep investors updated on performance and the progress of clinical development 

programmes, Executive Management hosts conference calls following the release of financial 

results and at other key events. Executive Management and Investor Relations also ensure that all 

investors with a major holding of Novo Nordisk shares can meet with the company on 

  4. Available at: www.corporategovernance.dk

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

 12

a regular basis (either virtually or in person) and other shareholders and potential investors also 

have access to the company’s management and Investor Relations. 

Furthermore, to ensure the Board of Directors is kept aware of the shareholders’ views, interests, 

and opinions on the company, the chair of the Board of Directors hosts conference calls with 

around ten of the largest investors prior to the annual general meeting and participates in the 

annual shareholder meeting. The Board of Directors receives written feedback on recent topics 

discussed with investors prior to Board meetings. 

Investor Relations materials, presentations, and other information relevant to shareholders are 

available on Novo Nordisk’s website, for example, press releases, company announcements, 

annual reports, annual general meeting notice and agenda, etc. 

Novo Nordisk is well regarded in external rankings and solicits a perception study among key 

investor and analyst stakeholders to understand their view of the company.

  1.1.2

The Committee recommends that the company adopts policies on the 

Novo Nordisk has adopted an Investor Relations Policy which is available on Novo Nordisk’s 

company’s relationships with its shareholders, investors and if relevant other 

investor relations webpage. 

stakeholders in order to ensure that the various interests are included in the 

company’s considerations and that such policies are made available on the 

The Board of Directors has further adopted the Novo Nordisk Way, which forms the foundation 

company’s website.

for how Novo Nordisk conducts its business. It builds on the Triple Bottom Line principle to be 

financially, socially, and environmentally responsible, and includes a specific reference to the 

importance of building and maintaining good relations with stakeholders. 

Novo Nordisk adheres to the AA1000 standard (“the standard”) on stakeholder engagement. The 

independent auditor conducts an annual review of Novo Nordisk’s business practices against the 

standard’s principles of ’inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact’. More information on 

Novo Nordisk’s adherence is included in the Annual Report.

A corporate function, Commercial Strategy & Corporate Affairs, guides, and coordinates 

engagements with stakeholders to ensure that stakeholders’ interests are taken into account. 

Other functions, such as Investor Relations, manage dedicated stakeholder relations. The Board 

oversees such activities.

  1.1.3

The Committee recommends that the company publishes quarterly reports.

Novo Nordisk publishes quarterly financial reports.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    
 13

No.

Recommendation

1.2. The general meeting

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  1.2.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors organises the 

The Board of Directors organises general meetings that promote active ownership in compliance 

company’s general meeting in a manner that allows shareholders, who are 

with the recommendation. All shareholders registered by name receive a notice convening 

unable to attend the meeting in person or are represented by proxy at the 

general meetings electronically if they have requested it and if their email address has been 

general meeting, to vote and raise questions to the management prior to 

provided to Novo Nordisk. A proxy/vote form for voting in advance of the annual general meeting 

or at the general meeting. The Committee recommends that the board of 

is available on Novo Nordisk’s website and at the InvestorPortal. In the notice convening the 

directors ensures that shareholders can observe the general meeting via 

annual general meeting shareholders are informed of the possibility for raising questions before 

webcast or other digital transmission.

the meeting.

  1.2.2

The Committee recommends that proxies and postal votes to be used at the 

Proxies and vote forms for votes by post provided for the general meeting allow shareholders to 

general meeting enable the shareholders to consider each individual item on 

consider each individual item on the agenda.

In 2021, the annual general meeting was held virtually.

the agenda.

1.3. Takeover bids

  1.3.1

The Committee recommends that the company has a procedure in place in the 

Novo Nordisk has set up contingency procedures in the event of takeover bids.

event of takeover bids, containing a “road map” covering matters for the board 

of directors to consider in the event of a takeover bid, or if the board of directors 

obtains reasonable grounds to suspect that a takeover bid may be submitted. In 

addition, it is recommended that it appears from the procedure that the board 

of directors abstains from countering any takeover bids by taking actions that 

seek to prevent the shareholders from deciding on the takeover bid, without the 

approval of the general meeting.

1.4. Corporate Social Responsibility

  1.4.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors adopts a policy for 

Novo Nordisk is committed to being a sustainable business. This means adding value to society 

the company’s corporate social responsibility, including social responsibility 

and to Novo Nordisk’s future business. To achieve this ambition, Novo Nordisk does business in a 

and sustainability, and that the policy is available in the management 

financially, environmentally, and socially responsible way, as reflected in the Articles of Association, 

commentary and/or on the company’s website. The Committee recommends 

the Novo Nordisk Way, and the Strategic Aspirations for 2025. 

that the board of directors ensures compliance with the policy.

Novo Nordisk has two strategies approved by the Board of Directors in place to implement 

its Strategic Aspiration on ‘Purpose and sustainability’: (1) “Defeat Diabetes”, as far as Novo 

Nordisk’s social responsibility is concerned and (2) “Circular for Zero”, as far as Novo Nordisk’s 

environmental responsibility is concerned. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    14

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

Overall, this principled business approach is intended to ensure balanced decision-making with 

an aim to contribute to sustainable development: to balance short-term gains with long-term 

profitability and shareholder return with other stakeholder interests. Novo Nordisk accounts for 

its performance on all three dimensions (i.e., financial, environmental, and social) in the Annual 

Report. 

  1.4.2

The Committee recommends that the board of directors adopts a tax policy 

Novo Nordisk has a Tax Policy available on its website as well as a Tax Strategy 2025. Both were 

to be made available on the company’s website.

last approved by the Board of Directors in 2021.

2. The duties and responsibilities of the board of directors

No.

Recommendation

2.1. Overall tasks and responsibilities

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  2.1.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors in support of the 

The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis considers Novo Nordisk’s purpose and promotion of 

company’s statutory objects according to its articles of association and the 

a strong culture and Novo Nordisk’s values, as outlined in the Novo Nordisk Way, in support of the 

long-term value creation considers the company’s purpose and ensures and 

company’s statutory objects and long-term value creation, including through the annual strategy 

promotes a good culture and sound values in the company. The company 

and organisational development processes as well as other aspects of its work. 

should provide an account thereof in the management commentary and/or 

on the company’s website.

  2.1.2

The Committee recommends that the board of directors at least once a year 

Each year in June, the Board of Directors reviews the overall strategy of Novo Nordisk at a Board 

discusses and on a regular basis follows up on the company’s overall strategic 

meeting extending over 2-3 days. In addition, the Board of Directors discusses strategic matters 

targets in order to ensure the value creation in the company.

at each ordinary Board meeting. The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis also reviews 

performance against Novo Nordisk’s 2025 Strategic Aspirations, which is also reported on 

externally in connection with quarterly financial reports. 

  2.1.3

The Committee recommends that the board of directors on a continuously 

The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis examines whether the share and capital structure 

basis takes steps to examine whether the company’s share and capital 

supports the strategy and long-term value creation in the interest of the shareholders and the 

structure supports the strategy and the long-term value creation in the 

company. The management review in the Annual Report contains the company’s account. 

interest of the company as well as the shareholders. The Committee 

recommends that the company gives an account thereof in the management 

commentary.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    15

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  2.1.4

The Committee recommends that the board of directors prepares and on 

The Board of Directors has prepared and annually reviews guidelines for Executive Management, 

an annual basis reviews guidelines for the executive management, including 

including reporting by Executive Management to the Board of Directors. 

requirements in respect of the reporting to the board of directors.

2.2. Members of the board of directors

  2.2.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors, in addition to a 

The Board of Directors has a chair and a vice chair who constitute the Chair Committee. The vice 

chairperson, appoints a vice chairperson, who can step in if the chairperson is 

chair will assume the responsibilities of the chair in the event of the chair’s absence. Tasks, duties, 

absent and who can generally act as the chairperson’s close sparring partner.

and responsibilities are described in the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure of the 

Board, and the charter of the Chair Committee, which have been approved by the Board and are 

available on Novo Nordisk’s website. 

  2.2.2

The Committee recommends that the chairperson in cooperation with the 

As part of the annual Board evaluation, the chair meets with each Board member including 

individual members of the board of directors ensures that the members 

to discuss and ensure relevant knowledge and update. Board members knowledge and 

up-date and supplement their knowledge of relevant matters, and that 

qualifications are taken into account when considering the composition of the Board committees, 

the members’ special knowledge and qualifications are applied in the best 

etc.

possible manner.

  2.2.3

The Committee recommends that if the board of directors, in exceptional 

Novo Nordisk agrees with the recommendation in principle and will on a case-by-case basis 

cases, requests a member of the board of directors to take on special duties 

disclose details as recommended. 

for the company, for instance, for a short period to take part in the daily 

management of the company, the board of directors should approve this in 

order to ensure that the board of directors maintains its independent overall 

management and control function. It is recommended that the company 

publishes any decision on allowing a member of the board of directors to take 

part in the daily management, including the expected duration thereof.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    16

3. The composition, organisation and evaluation of the board of directors

No.

Recommendation

3.1. Composition

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  3.1.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors on an annual basis 

The Board of Directors has adopted a Board Competence Profile outlining the desired 

reviews and in the management commentary and/or on the company’s 

competences to be possessed by the shareholder-elected Board members, including diversity 

website states:

aspects. The Board Competence Profile is reviewed annually by the Nomination Committee and 

• which qualifications the board of directors should possess, collectively and 

approved by the Board of Directors. The Board Competence Profile is available on Novo Nordisk’s 

individually, in order to perform its duties in the best possible manner, and 

website. 

• the composition of and diversity on the board of directors.

The Annual Report contains a description of the composition of the Board of Directors and 

competences of each Board member. The Board members’ biographies are also available on 

Novo Nordisk’s website and in the notice convening the annual general meeting. 

Board diversity and targets is described in this Corporate Governance Report under “Board of 

Directors” above.

  3.1.2

The Committee recommends that the board of directors on an annual basis 

Diversity and inclusion, and activities to ensure diversity and inclusion at management levels, are 

discusses the company’s activities in order to ensure relevant diversity at the 

discussed by the Board of Directors at regular intervals, and at least once a year, as an integral 

different management levels of the company and adopts a diversity policy, 

part of the People and Organisation agenda. The Board of Directors has prepared and adopted a 

which is included in the management commentary and/or available on the 

policy on diversity and inclusion, which is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

company’s website.

  3.1.3

The committee recommends that candidates for the board of directors are 

The Board of Directors has established a thorough process for recruitment of candidates to the 

recruited based on a thorough process approved by the board of directors. The 

Board of Directors. The Board of Directors takes the need for continuity, renewal, and diversity 

Committee recommends that in assessing candidates for the board of directors – 

into consideration in addition to individual competencies and qualifications when evaluating its 

in addition to individual competencies and qualifications – the need for continuity, 

composition. 

renewal and diversity is also considered.

  3.1.4

The Committee recommends that the notice convening general meetings, where 

The recommended information is provided in the notice convening the annual  

election of members to the board of directors is on the agenda - in addition to 

general meeting. 

the statutory items - also includes a description of the proposed candidates’ 

• qualifications, 

• other managerial duties in commercial undertakings, including  

board committees, 

• demanding organisational assignments and 

• independence.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    17

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  3.1.5

The Committee recommends that members to the board of directors elected 

Shareholder-elected Board members are nominated and elected individually. They serve for a 

by the general meeting stand for election every year at the annual general 

one-year term and may be re-elected at the annual general meeting. 

meeting, and that the members are nominated and elected individually.

3.2. The board of director’s independence

  3.2.1

The Committee recommends that at least half of the members of the board of 

More than half of the shareholder-elected Board members (five of eight) are deemed 

directors elected in general meeting are independent in order for the board of 

independent. 

directors to be able to act independently avoiding conflicts of interests. 

In order to be independent, the member in question may not: 

Three of the shareholder-elected Board members are related to Novo Nordisk’s main shareholder 

• be or within the past five years have been a member of the executive 

Novo Holdings A/S as members of the board of directors or executive management and are thus 

management or an executive employee in the company, a subsidiary or a group 

not deemed independent. 

company, 

• within the past five years have received large emoluments from the company/

group, a subsidiary or a group company in another capacity than as member of 

the board of directors, 

• represent or be associated with a controlling shareholder, 

• within the past year have had a business relationship (e.g. personally or 

indirectly as a partner or an employee, shareholder, customer, supplier or 

member of a governing body in companies with similar relations) with the 

company, a subsidiary or a group company, which is significant for the company 

and/or the business relationship, 

• be or within the past three years have been employed with or a partner in the 

same company as the company’s auditor elected in general meeting, 

• be a CEO in a company with cross-memberships in the company’s 

management, 

• have been a member of the board of directors for more than twelve years, or 

• be closely related to persons, who are not independent, cf. the above-stated 

criteria. 

Even if a member of the board of directors does not fall within the above-stated 

criteria, the board of directors may for other reasons decide that the member in 

question is not independent.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    18

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  3.2.2

The Committee recommends that members of the executive management 

Novo Nordisk complies with the recommendation.

are not members of the board of directors and that members retiring from 

the executive management does not join the board of directors immediately 

thereafter.

3.3. Members of the board of directors and the number of other managerial duties

  3.3.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors and each of the 

In connection with the annual Board evaluation, the Board of Directors, the Nomination 

members on the board of directors, in connection with the annual evaluation, 

Committee, and each member assesses time required to perform Board duties. 

cf. recommendation 3.5.1., assesses how much time is required to perform the 

board duties. The aim is for the individual member of the board of directors not 

to take on more managerial duties than the board member in question is able to 

perform in a satisfactory manner.

  3.3.2

The Committee recommends that the management commentary, in addition to 

The information mentioned in bullet nos. 1-7 is included in the management review of the Annual 

the statutory requirements, contains the following information on the individual 

Report. 

members of the board of directors: 

• position, age and gender, 

Information regarding number of shares held by Board members in Novo Nordisk and changes 

• competencies and qualifications relevant to the company, 

herein during the financial year is included in Novo Nordisk’s separate Remuneration Report.

• independence, 

• year of joining the board of directors, 

• year of expiry of the current election period, 

• participation in meetings of the board of directors and committee meetings, 

• managerial duties in other commercial undertakings, including board 

committees, and demanding organisational assignments, and 

• the number of shares, options, warrants, etc. that the member holds in the 

company and its group companies and any changes in such holdings during 

the financial year.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    19

No.

Recommendation

3.4. Board committees

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  3.4.1

The Committee recommends that the management describes in the 

The Board of Directors has a Chair Committee, an Audit Committee, a Nomination Committee, a 

management commentary: 

Remuneration Committee, and a Research & Development Committee. Each committee’s most 

• the board committees’ most significant activities and number of meetings in the 

important activities and number of meetings during the year as well as members, positions and 

past year, and 

independence are described in the management review. Charters for all committees are available 

• the members on the individual board committees, including the chairperson 

on Novo Nordisk’s website. 

and the independence of the members of the committee in question. 

In addition, it is recommended that the board committees’ terms of reference are 

published on the company’s website.

  3.4.2

The Committee recommends that board committees solely consist of members 

Board committees solely consist of members of the Board of Directors. To allow for both a main 

of the board of directors and that the majority of the members of the board 

shareholder and an employee representative in our Board committees while maintaining an 

committees are independent.

operational structure of the committees with relatively few members, half of the members of the 

Chair Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Research & 

Development Committee are considered independent and not the majority as recommended.

  3.4.3

The Committee recommends that the board of directors establishes an audit 

The Board has established an Audit Committee and the chair of the Audit Committee is not the 

committee and appoints a chairperson of the audit committee, who is not 

chair of the Board.

the chairperson of the board of directors. The Committee recommends that 

the audit committee, in addition to its statutory duties, assists the board of 

The Board has approved a charter for the Audit Committee setting out its responsibilities and 

directors in: 

powers. As stated in the charter, the Audit Committee is, among other things, responsible for 

• supervising the correctness of the published financial information, including 

oversight of and reporting to the Board on the elements described in the recommendation.

accounting practices in significant areas, significant accounting estimates 

and related party transactions, 

The Audit Committee has determined that it is appropriate to have an Internal Audit function. 

• reviewing internal control and risk areas in order to ensure management of 

In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee carries out the tasks included in the 

significant risks, including in relation to the announced financial outlook,

recommendation. The Audit Committee reviews and approves the Internal Audit charter on an 

• assessing the need for internal audit,

annual basis. The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates on work performed by the Internal 

• performing the evaluation of the auditor elected by the general meeting, 

Audit function.

• supervising the scope of the non-audit services performed by the auditor 

elected by the general meeting, and

The Board, via the Audit Committee, maintains a regular dialogue and exchange of information 

• supervising the scope of the non-audit services performed by the auditor 

with the external auditor. The Board and the Audit Committee meet with the Internal Audit 

elected by the general meeting, and

function and the external auditor at least once per year without Executive Management

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

• ensuring regular interaction between the auditor elected by the general 

being present. Also, the Internal Audit function and the external auditor participate in the Board 

meeting and the board of directors, for instance, that the board of directors 

meeting where the financial reports are approved.

and the audit committee at least once a year meet with the auditor without 

the executive management being present.

The auditor agreement and the auditor’s fee are approved by the Board on the basis of a 

recommendation from the Audit Committee.

 20

If the board of directors, based on a recommendation from the audit 

committee, decides to set up an internal audit function, the audit committee 

must: 

• prepare terms of reference and recommendations on the nomination, 

employment and dismissal of the head of the internal audit function and on 

the budget for the department, 

• ensure that the internal audit function has sufficient resources and 

competencies to perform its role, and 

• supervise the executive management’s follow-up on the conclusions and 

recommendations of the internal audit function.

  3.4.4

The Committee recommends that the board of directors establishes a 

The Board of Directors has established a Nomination Committee. The Board of Directors has 

nomination committee to perform at least the following preparatory tasks: 

approved a charter for the Nomination Committee setting out its responsibilities and powers. 

• describing the required qualifications for a given member of the board of 

directors and the executive management, the estimated time required for 

The primary focus for the Nomination Committee remains with defining the qualifications and 

performing the duties of this member of the board of directors and the 

assessing the composition and skills of the Board of Directors while at the same time ensuring 

competencies, knowledge and experience that is or should be represented 

the continuity and alignment in the succession planning of the Board of Directors, while the 

in the two management bodies, 

Chair Committee is responsible for succession management and recommending candidates for 

• on an annual basis evaluating the board of directors and the executive 

Executive Management. 

management’s structure, size, composition and results and preparing 

recommendations for the board of directors for any changes,

• in cooperation with the chairperson handling the annual evaluation of the 

board of directors and assessing the individual management members’ 

competencies, knowledge, experience and succession as well as reporting 

on it to the board of directors, 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    21

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

• handling the recruitment of new members to the board of directors and 

the executive management and nominating candidates for the board of 

directors’ approval, 

• ensuring that a succession plan for the executive management is in place,

• supervising executive managements’ policy for the engagement of executive 

employees, and 

• supervising the preparation of a diversity policy for the board of directors’ 

approval.

  3.4.5

The Committee recommends that the board of directors establishes a 

The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee and has approved a charter 

remuneration committee to perform at least the following preparatory tasks: 

for the Remuneration Committee setting out its responsibilities and powers in accordance with 

• preparing a draft remuneration policy for the board of directors’ approval 

the recommendation.

prior to the presentation at the general meeting, 

• providing a proposal to the board of directors on the remuneration of the 

The Remuneration Committee assists with the preparation of the Remuneration Report.  

members of the executive management, 

• providing a proposal to the board of directors on the remuneration of the 

board of directors prior to the presentation at the general meeting, 

• ensuring that the management’s actual remuneration complies with 

the company’s remuneration policy and the evaluation of the individual 

member’s performance, and 

• assisting in the preparation of the annual remuneration report for the board 

of directors’ approval prior to the presentation for the general meeting’s 

advisory vote.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

3.5. Evaluation of the board of directors and the executive management

  3.5.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors once a year evaluates 

The Board of Directors conducts an annual Board evaluation, which complies with the 

the board of directors and at least every three years engages external assistance 

recommendation. The chair of the Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the Board 

in the evaluation. The Committee recommends that the evaluation focuses on 

evaluation in collaboration with the Nomination Committee and Chair Committee. Every third 

the recommendations on the board of directors’ work, efficiency, composition 

year, an external consultant is engaged for the Board evaluation, and most recently in 2020.

 22

and organisation, cf. recommendations 3.1.-3.4. above, and that the evaluation as 

a minimum always includes the following topics:

• the composition of the board of directors with focus on competencies and 

diversity 

• the board of directors and the individual member’s contribution and results, 

• the cooperation on the board of directors and between the board of directors 

and the executive management, 

• the chairperson’s leadership of the board of directors, 

• the committee structure and the work in the committees, 

• the organisation of the work of the board of directors and the quality of the 

material provided to the board of directors, and

• the board members’ preparation for and active participation in the meetings of 

the board of directors.

  3.5.2

The Committee recommends that the entire board of directors discusses the 

The 2021 Board evaluation process was led by the chair of the Board of Directors in collaboration 

result of the evaluation of the board of directors and that the procedure for 

with the Nomination Committee. It consisted of (1) an extensive questionnaire covering 

the evaluation and the general conclusions of the evaluation are described 

various Board-related matters completed by all Board of Directors and Executive Management 

in the management commentary, on the company’s website and at the 

members; (2) individual contribution questionnaires completed by and for all Board of Directors 

company’s general meeting.

and Executive Management members; (3) one-to-one meetings between the chair and each 

of the Board members as well as the chief executive officer where feedback on individual 

performance was also discussed; and (4) a presentation by the chair to the Board of Directors in 

November 2021 on the outcome of the evaluation and discussion hereof. Furthermore, all Board 

Committees conducted annual evaluations, which all demonstrated high effectiveness. 

The overall outcome of the 2021 Board evaluation was high Board effectiveness, alignment on 

strategic priorities and focus areas, high level of trust and commitment, strong collaboration

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

 23

between the Board of Directors and Executive Management and further increased Board meeting 

efficiency. Key 2022 focus areas for the Board of Directors are longer term strategy as well as 

talent and leadership development, succession, and diversity. 

In addition to the description above forming part of the management review, the Board 

evaluation procedure and general conclusions are also described on Novo Nordisk’s website and 

by the chair of the Board of Directors at the annual general meeting.

  3.5.3

The Committee recommends that the board of directors at least once a year 

The Board of Directors regularly evaluates the work and performance of Executive Management, 

evaluates the work and results of the executive management according to 

and on a continuous basis assesses the need for changes in the structure and composition of 

pre-established criteria, and that the chairperson reviews the evaluation 

Executive Management as part of the organisational development review, including in respect of 

together with the executive management. In addition, the board of directors 

diversity, succession planning and risks, and in light of Novo Nordisk’s strategy.

should on a continuous basis assess the need for changes in the structure 

and composition of the executive management, including in respect of 

diversity, succession planning and risks, in light of the company’s strategy.

4. Remuneration of management

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

4.1. Remuneration of the board of directors and the executive management

  4.1.1

The Committee recommends that the remuneration for the board of directors 

The remuneration and terms of the Board of Directors and Executive Management of Novo 

and the executive management and the other terms of employment/service 

Nordisk are reviewed on an ongoing basis for competitiveness and alignment with the company’s 

is considered competitive and consistent with the company’s long-term 

long-term shareholder interests, including through benchmarking. Reference is made to Novo 

shareholder interests.

Nordisk’s Remuneration Report. 

  4.1.2

The Committee recommends that share-based incentive schemes are 

Every year, the Board of Directors establishes a long-term incentive programme (LTIP). The 

revolving, i.e. that they are periodically granted, and that they primarily consist 

LTIP established in 2021 is linked to the achievement of predefined targets, has a three-year 

of long-term schemes with a vesting or maturity period of at least three years.

performance period and a two-year subsequent holding period as further described in the 

Remuneration Policy.  

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    24

No.

Recommendation

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  4.1.3

The Committee recommends that the variable part of the remuneration 

The variable remuneration is capped at grant. In accordance with the Remuneration Policy, the 

has a cap at the time of grant, and that there is transparency in respect of 

maximum short-term incentive is capped at an amount while the long-term incentive is capped 

the potential value at the time of exercise under pessimistic, expected and 

at a number of shares at the time of grant. The Board of Directors reviews at grant the potential 

optimistic scenarios.

value of the short-term incentive and the long-term incentive at the time of exercise under 

pessimistic, expected, and optimistic scenarios.

  4.1.4

The Committee recommends that the overall value of the remuneration for 

The total value of the remuneration relating to the notice period at maximum incentive pay 

the notice period, including severance payment, in connection with a member 

out, and of the severance pay, for Executive Management members registered with the Danish 

of the executive management’s departure, does not exceed two years’ 

Business Authority does not exceed two years of remuneration, including all components of the 

remuneration including all remuneration elements.

remuneration at maximum incentive pay out.

  4.1.5

The Committee recommends that members of the board of directors are not 

As described in the Remuneration Policy the remuneration of the Board of Directors does not 

remunerated with share options and warrants.

consist of share option schemes or other incentive schemes. 

  4.1.6

The Committee recommends that the company has the option to reclaim, 

Novo Nordisk has the right to reclaim in full or in part variable components of remuneration that 

in whole or in part, variable remuneration from the board of directors and 

were paid on the basis of information that prove to be incorrect or if the recipient acted in bad 

the executive management if the remuneration granted, earned or paid 

faith in respect of other matters, which implied payment of a too large variable remuneration. 

was based on information, which subsequently proves to be incorrect, or if 

the recipient acted in bad faith in respect of other matters, which implied 

payment of a too large variable remuneration.

5. Risk management

No.

Recommendation

5.1. Identification of risks and openness in respect of additional information

Novo Nordisk´s approach

  5.1.1

The Committee recommends that the board of directors based on the 

The Board of Directors considers and accounts for such risks in the management review in the 

company’s strategy and business model considers, for instance, the most 

Annual Report.  

significant strategic, business, accounting and liquidity risks. The company 

should in the management commentary give an account of these risks and 

the company’s risk management.

  5.1.2

The Committee recommends that the board of directors establishes a 

The Board of Directors has established a whistleblowing scheme. 

whistleblower scheme, giving the employees and other stakeholders the 

opportunity to report serious violations or suspicion thereof in an expedient 

and confidential manner, and that a procedure is in place for handling such 

whistleblower cases.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Appendix 2 – Novo Nordisk’s reporting on the 
Corporate Governance Standards of the New  
York Stock Exchange

 25

Novo Nordisk’s B-shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) as American 

Depository Receipts (ADRs). As a foreign private issuer, Novo Nordisk is required to comply 

with US securities law, including the Sarbanes–Oxley Act and the NYSE Corporate Governance 

Standards except that these standards allow Novo Nordisk to continue to apply Danish 

corporate governance practices with some exceptions. Foreign private issuers following the 

practice in their home countries are, however, required to describe significant differences 

between NYSE’s and the foreign companies’ corporate governance standards in Form 20-F. 

Below is a review of Novo Nordisk’s compliance with and commentary to the NYSE Corporate 

Governance Standards.

  Novo Nordisk complies with the NYSE standard 

  Novo Nordisk is in partial compliance with the NYSE standard, is exempt from the  

NYSE standard, or is permitted to (and does) comply with Danish law and practice in lieu  

of the NYSE standard

1. Interaction with the company’s shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders

Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

  1.

Standard

Novo Nordisk’s approach

Listed companies must have a majority of independent directors.

The NYSE standard does not apply to companies that are “controlled”, which the New York Stock 

Exchange defines as having more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors held 

by an individual, a group, or another company. As a controlled company, Novo Nordisk is exempt 

from this requirement, just as controlled US companies are.

Please see further information on independence in section 2.(a)(i). 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    26

Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

Standard

2. Independence Tests:

Novo Nordisk’s approach

  2.(a)(i)

No director qualifies as “independent” unless the board of directors 

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to foreign private issuers (“FPIs”) and in 

affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with 

accordance with Danish law and practice, the Board of Directors generally determines whether 

the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an 

its members qualify as independent under the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations. 

organization that has a relationship with the company).

However, five of its eight shareholder-elected Board members (and five out of 12 in total) may be 

deemed independent under the NYSE standard.

Novo Nordisk complies with the Danish Corporate Governance recommendation, which provides 

that at least half of the shareholder-elected Board members should be independent. Employees 

are entitled to be represented by half of the total number of shareholder-elected Board members 

and are not considered independent. 

  2.(a)(ii)

In addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of any

As a controlled company, Novo Nordisk is exempt from the requirement to establish a 

director who will serve on the compensation committee of the listed

compensation committee. 

company’s board of directors, the board of directors must consider

all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director has a 

The Board of Directors has, however, established a Remuneration Committee, consisting of two 

relationship to the listed company which is material to that director’s ability 

independent members and two non-independent members (in each case as defined by the 

to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a 

Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations), including the chair.

compensation committee member, including, but not

limited to:

The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations recommend that a majority of 

the members of a board committee should qualify as independent. The composition of 

(A) the source of compensation of such director, including any consulting, 

the Remuneration Committee does not conform to the Danish Corporate Governance 

advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the listed company to such 

Recommendations. This is due to the fact that the Board of Directors wishes to allow for  

director; and

both a representative of the main shareholder as well as an employee representative to be

on the Remuneration Committee while maintaining an operational structure with relatively few 

(B) whether such director is affiliated with the listed company, a subsidiary of 

members.

the listed company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the listed company.

In determining the composition of the Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 

considers relevant factors to determine whether any member of the Remuneration Committee 

has a relationship to Novo Nordisk that would materially affect that member’s ability to exercise 

judgment independent from management.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

Standard

2.(b) In addition, a director is not independent if:

Novo Nordisk’s approach

  2.(b)(i)

The director is, or has been within the last three years, an employee

Rule 303A.02 defines “listed company”, for purposes of the independence standards, to include 

of the listed company, or an immediate family member is, or has

“any parent or subsidiary in a consolidated group with the listed company or such other company 

been within the last three years, an executive officer, of the listed

as is relevant to any determination under the independence standards set forth in this Section 

company.

2(b)”.

 27

Four employees have, in accordance with the requirements of the Danish Companies Act, been 

elected as Board members by the Danish-based employees of Novo Nordisk.

In addition, one Board member serves as chief executive officer of Novo Nordisk’s main 

shareholder, Novo Holdings A/S.

No other Board members or their immediate family members have, within the last three years, 

been an employee or executive of Novo Nordisk or any parent or subsidiary in a consolidated 

group with Novo Nordisk.

  2.(b)(ii)

The director has received, or has an immediate family member who has 

The definition of “listed company” is as stated above.

received, during any twelve-month period within the last three years, 

more than $120,000 in direct compensation from the listed company, 

Four employees have, in accordance with the requirements of the Danish Companies Act, 

other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of 

been elected as Board members by the Danish-based employees of the company. They receive 

deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not 

remuneration as employees. 

contingent in any way on continued service).

In addition, one Board member receives remuneration for services as chief executive officer of 

Novo Nordisk’s main shareholder, Novo Holdings A/S. 

No other Board members or their immediate family members receive or have received such 

compensation from Novo Nordisk.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

Standard

Novo Nordisk’s approach

  2.(b)(iii)

(A) The director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is the listed 

No Board members or their immediate family members are or have been employed or affiliated 

company’s internal or external auditor; (B) the director has an immediate 

with the auditor.

 28

family member who is a current partner of such a firm; (C) the director has 

an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm 

and personally works on the listed company’s audit; or (D) the director or 

an immediate family member was within the last three years a partner or 

employee of such a firm and personally worked on the listed company’s audit 

within that time.

  2.(b)(iv)

The director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last 

No Board members or their immediate family members are, or have been within the last three 

three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any 

years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of Novo Nordisk’s present 

of the listed company’s present executive officers at the same time serves or 

executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company’s compensation committee.

served on that company’s compensation committee.

  2.(b)(v)

The director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a 

No Board member is a current employee or has an immediate family member who is an executive 

current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received 

officer in a company that has paid or received the applicable amounts to or from Novo Nordisk.

payments from, the listed company for property or services in an amount 

which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million or 

2% of such other company’s consolidated gross revenues.

  3.

The non-management directors of each listed company must meet at regularly 

None of the members of Novo Nordisk’s Executive Management serve on the Board of Directors. 

scheduled executive sessions without management.

Except for agenda items reserved for the Board of Directors at each Board meeting, members of 

Executive Management attend and speak at the Board meetings, without the right to vote.

  4.(a)

Listed companies must have a nominating/corporate governance

As a controlled company, Novo Nordisk is exempt from the requirement to establish a 

committee composed entirely of independent directors.

nominating/corporate governance committee. 

The Board of Directors has, however, established a Nomination Committee, consisting of two 

independent members (including the chair) and two non-independent members (in each case as 

defined by the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations). 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

Standard

 29

Novo Nordisk’s approach

The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations recommend that a majority of the members 

of a board committee should qualify as independent. The composition of the Nomination Committee 

does not conform to the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations. This is due to the fact 

that the Board of Directors wishes to allow for both a representative of the main shareholder as well 

as an employee representative to be on the Nomination Committee while maintaining an operational 

structure with relatively few members.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for the oversight of the company’s corporate 

governance practices. 

  4.(b)

The nominating/corporate governance committee must have a written 

The Nomination Committee has a written charter, which has been approved by the Board of 

charter that addresses certain specified duties, including an annual 

Directors and is available on Novo Nordisk’s website. The charter addresses those matters 

performance evaluation.

specified under the NYSE standard.

The Nomination Committee conducts a performance evaluation once a year and reports the 

results of such evaluation to the Board of Directors.

  5.(a)

Listed companies must have a compensation committee composed entirely of 

See above under Section 2(a)(ii).

independent directors. Compensation committee members must satisfy the 

additional independence requirements specific to compensation committee 

membership set forth in Section 303A.02(a)(ii).

  5.(b)

The compensation committee must have a written charter that addresses 

The Remuneration Committee has a written charter, which has been approved by the Board and 

certain specified duties, including an annual performance evaluation.

is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

  5.(c)

The compensation committee must have certain rights and responsibilities, 

The Remuneration Committee charter addresses those matters specified under the NYSE 

including the right to obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, 

standard, except that the Chair Committee annually evaluates the performance and target setting 

The Remuneration Committee conducts a performance evaluation once a year and reports the 

results of such evaluation to the Board of Directors.

independent legal counsel or other adviser, to be paid for by the listed 

for chief executive officer.

company, provided that the compensation committee considers all relevant 

factors in determining that such compensation consulting, independent legal 

counsel or other adviser is appropriately independent from management.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    30

Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

  6.

Standard

Novo Nordisk’s approach

Listed companies must have an audit committee that satisfies the 

The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee which satisfies the requirements of 

requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act (“Rule 10A-3”).

Rule 10A–3.

  7.(a)

The audit committee must have a minimum of three members. All audit 

The Audit Committee consists of five members, three of whom are considered independent 

committee members must satisfy the requirements for independence set 

under Rule 10A-3. One member is a member of the board of directors of the main shareholder 

out in Section 303A.02 and, in the absence of an applicable exemption, Rule 

Novo Holdings A/S and is exempt from the independence requirements provided for by 

10A-3(b)(1).

paragraph (b)(1)(iv)(B) of Rule 10A-3 and one member is an employee-elected Board member and 

is exempt from the independence requirements provided for by paragraph (b)(1)(iv)(C) of Rule 

10A-3.

The Board of Directors’ independence determination with respect to each member of the Audit 

Committee is disclosed in Novo Nordisk’s statutory Annual Report and in its annual report on 

Form 20-F.  

  7.(b)

The audit committee must have a written charter that addresses certain 

The Audit Committee has a written charter, which is reviewed and approved annually by  

specified duties, including those set out in paragraphs (b) (2), (3), (4) and 

the Board of Directors and is available on Novo Nordisk’s website. The charter addresses those 

(5) of Rule 10A-3, and an annual performance evaluation. In addition, the 

matters specified under the NYSE standard, including those matters set out in paragraphs (b) 

audit committee charter must address the committee’s purpose, which, at 

(2), (3), (4) and (5) of Rule 10A-3, except that with respect to legal and regulatory requirements 

minimum, must be to assist board oversight of (1) the integrity of the listed 

the Audit Committee’s oversight responsibility only includes oversight of compliance as such 

company’s financial statements, (2) the listed company’s compliance with legal 

requirements relate to business ethics compliance and financial reporting.

and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent auditor’s qualifications and 

independence, and (4) the performance of the listed company’s internal audit 

function and independent auditors.

  7.(c)

Each listed company must have an internal audit function.

Novo Nordisk has established an internal audit function.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

  8.

Standard

Novo Nordisk’s approach

Shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-

The Remuneration Policy is approved by the annual general meeting. The Remuneration Policy 

compensation plans and material revisions thereto, with limited exceptions.

describes the framework for incentive programs for the Board of Directors and Executive 

 31

Management. All incentive programs offered to the Board of Directors and/or Executive 

Management are required to comply with this framework. However, as permitted by the NYSE 

standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and practice, Novo Nordisk does 

not seek shareholder approval of specific equity compensation plans and accordingly, each equity 

compensation plan is subject to shareholder approval only if it is required for the issuance of new 

shares (and not if the relevant recipients are to receive shares previously issued by Novo Nordisk 

and held in treasury).

  9.

Listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines 

Novo Nordisk has an integrated corporate governance framework, consisting of the Articles of 

that addresses certain specified topics.

Association, Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors, Competence Profile of the Board of 

Directors, Remuneration Policy, and other policy documents, together providing a comprehensive 

set of corporate governance guidelines addressing each of the items specified under the NYSE 

standard. Each of these documents are available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

  10.

Listed companies must adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and 

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and 

ethics for directors, officers and employees, which shall address certain 

practice, Novo Nordisk maintains a framework of rules and guidelines, including but not limited to 

specified topics, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors 

the Novo Nordisk Way, the Business Ethics Code of Conduct, and the supporting Ethics Navigator, 

or executive officers.

which describe corporate values and Novo Nordisk’s expectations for the standard of business 

conduct and ethics expected of its directors, officers, and employees. 

While certain topics mentioned in the NYSE Listed Company Manual are addressed in this 

framework of rules and guidelines, others are not specifically addressed.

The Business Ethics Code of Conduct is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

  11.

Listed foreign private issuers must disclose any significant ways in which 

In its annual report on Form 20-F, Novo Nordisk has made available a comparison of the 

their corporate governance practices differ from those followed by domestic 

significant differences between the NYSE’s Corporate Governance Standards and Novo Nordisk’s 

companies under NYSE listing standards.

corporate governance practices.

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /    32

Listed Company  

Manual – Section 

303A

Standard

Novo Nordisk’s approach

  12.(a)

Each listed company CEO must certify to the NYSE each year that he or 

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and 

she is not aware of any violation by the listed company of NYSE corporate 

practice (which do not contemplate such certifications), Novo Nordisk does not submit such 

governance listing standards, qualifying the certification to the extent 

certifications.

necessary.

  12.(b)

Each listed company CEO must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any 

Novo Nordisk acknowledges this requirement.

executive officer of the listed company becomes aware of any non-compliance 

with any applicable provisions of this Section 303A.

  12.(c)

Each listed company must submit an executed Written Affirmation annually 

Novo Nordisk acknowledges this requirement.

to the NYSE. In addition, each listed company must submit an interim Written 

Affirmation as and when required by the interim Written Affirmation form 

specified by the NYSE. 

Corporate Governance Report 2021Novo Nordisk    /   Corporate Governance Report 2021 issued by

Novo Nordisk A/S ǀ Novo Allé 1 ǀ DK-2880 Bagsværd ǀ CVR No. 24256790 ǀ +45 4444 8888 (switchboard) ǀ novonordisk.com

Corporate Governance Report for the financial year 2021 cf.

The sections Novo Nordisk the Annual Report management review as recommended.

Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Research covered by the independent auditor’s report.

Development Committee are considered independent and not the majority as recommended.

Novo Nordisk is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and is subject to the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations designated by Nasdaq Copenhagen2, and as a foreign private issuer to the Corporate Governance Standards of NYSE3.

For a review of Novo Nordisk’s compliance with the Danish Corporate Governance recommendations, please see Appendix 1. not with the Nomination Committee as recommended.

As a foreign private issuer Novo Nordisk complies with relevant Corporate Governance we either complied with or explained our approach to the recommendations.

The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations are available at: https: corporategovernance.dk gaeldende anbefalinger god selskabsledelse.

The Corporate Governance Standards as included in the NYSE Listed Company Manual can be found at: https: nyse.wolterskluwer.cloud listed company manual.

For a review of Novo Nordisk’s compliance with the NYSE Corporate Governance Standards, please see Appendix 2.

The Board of Directors convenes at least 6 times per year.

For further information on our Board members, including independence and meeting supreme governing body.

The general meeting adopts the company’s Articles of Association attendance, please see our 2021 Annual Report page 44 46 and Novo Nordisk’s website, as well and elects the Board of Directors.

A S containing guidelines on desired Board member competences and Board composition performance of the company, strategy implementation and the work of Executive Management.

Executive Management, in turn, is responsible for the day to day management of the company, members was met, while the 2024 target of having at least three shareholder elected Board development and implementation of strategies and policies, the company’s operations and members of each gender was not yet met as there were only two female Board members organisation and timely reporting to the Board of Directors and Novo Nordisk’s stakeholders.

The Board of Directors and Executive Management are separate bodies, and no one serves as a non Nordic while four were female and eight were male.

Board of Directors remains a key focus area for the Board of Directors, including in Board member searches.

Board evaluation and its outcome is described in the commentary to section 3.5 in Appendix 1.

As of 31 December 2021, the Board of Directors consisted of 12 members.

Eight were elected by the shareholders at the annual general meeting, including the chair and vice chair.

Board Committees serve for a one year term and may be re elected.

Four have been elected by the Danish based employees of Novo Nordisk A S, most recently in 2018 for a statutory four year term.

Committee, a Remuneration Committee, a Nomination Committee, and a Research shareholder elected members and may be re elected.

Development Committee which report to the Board of Directors.

Five of the eight shareholder elected Board members are considered independent as defined available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

Further, each committee annually conducts an evaluation charter, which sets out purpose, responsibilities and procedural matters and these charters are by the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations, while three are considered non of its work and reviews its charter.

For information on committee members, individual meeting attendance and independence, considered independent. please refer to the 2021 Annual Report page 44 46.

Reviewed the composition of and the succession plan for Executive Management. the planning of Board meetings to ensure a balance between strategy setting and financial and.

Reviewed the annual performance of Executive Management for 2020. managerial supervision of the company.

The Chair Committee further assists with the annual Board.

Reviewed the achievement of STIP and LTIP targets and recommended corporate 2021 evaluation in collaboration with the Nomination Committee with employment, evaluation, and.

The chair represents the Board of Directors externally.

Prepared the Board’s annual wheel for 2021. financial risk management and financial counterpart exposure, internal controls over financial and ESG reporting, business ethics compliance, information security and insurance coverage.

Prepared each Board meeting including review of agenda and key recommendations to the and auditing and collectively the members of the Audit Committee have competences relevant.

Two members, including the chair, have been designated as financial experts as defined by the on actions and decisions made by the Board.

Followed up on actions from the 2020 Board evaluation.

Reviewed documents governing the Board and committees as well as the Guidelines for.

Reviewed the company’s shareholder activism and takeover response capabilities.

Reviewed the proposed agenda for the 2021 annual general meeting.

Conducted meetings with eight of Novo Nordisk’s large shareholders.

Evaluated the 2021 annual general meeting. on its activities.

The Audit Committee works according to an Annual Work Plan with fixed agenda items following key events of the annual financial reporting cycle.

In addition, the Audit Committee requests additional topics to be discussed in its meetings from time to time.

Conducted a performance evaluation including a review of the Audit Committee Charter.

Conducted private meetings with selected members of Executive Management and with.

The Audit Committee performed a review of: the external auditor.

Solicited written response from the remaining members of Executive.

Management, the general counsel, and head of Group Internal Audit.

Evaluated the performance and the independence of the external auditor.

Recommended the re election of the external auditor, Deloitte, to the Board of Directors and.

Reviewed the performance, independence, effectiveness, and organisation of the internal.

The head of Group Internal Audit and the external auditor presented the audit planning.

The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the fraud risk assessment prepared by and audit resources.

In addition, they presented the annual conclusion and results of audit management.

Furthermore, the external auditor presented its annual long form report, and the annual.

Reviewed the Compliance reporting from the chief compliance officer,.

Reviewed issues reported via Compliance Hotline and agreed on the performed.

The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the pre approval policy for audit, non audit,.

Reviewed the Information Security activities and focus areas, and and tax services to external auditors, reviewed the given pre approvals for the current year.

Reviewed the Diabetes API capacity investment in the US incl.

Discussed with the chief financial officer, head of Finance and Compliance, the general.

Reviewed the Competence Profile of the Board and recommended to the Board a revision of.

Reviewed and recommended to the Board changes to the Remuneration Policy to be the desired competences. approved by the annual general meeting.

Reviewed the mapping of Board members’ competences based on the updated competences in the Board Competence Profile.

Reviewed the composition of the Board, including structure, size and composition, and long.

Reviewed the 2021 remuneration benchmark on Board and Committee remuneration, term succession planning. including peer groups.

Reviewed the composition of the Board committees and recommended to the Board.

Recommended to the Board remuneration levels, multiples, and allowances for 2022 to be proposals for the election of Board committee members. approved by the annual general meeting.

Reviewed the Group Internal Audit’s report on Board remuneration.

Conducted Board candidate searches, including candidate interviews.

Recommended to the Board proposals for nomination of chair, vice chair and board.

Reviewed the 2021 remuneration benchmark on executive remuneration, including peer members to be elected at the annual general meeting. groups.

Reviewed feedback from stakeholders on candidates nominated for the 2021 annual.

Discussed trends in executive remuneration. general meeting.

Recommended to the Board changes in remuneration in 2021 as well as the general remuneration level for 2022.

Recommended to the Board remuneration and employment terms for new members of.

Reviewed the scope and approach to the 2021 Board evaluation.

Reviewed the outcome of the 2021 Board evaluation prior to review by the Board.

Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2022 short term incentive programme (STIP).

Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2022 long term incentive programme (LTIP).

Recommended proposal to remove Board member age limit in the Articles of Association. structure for Executive Management.

Reviewed the shareholding requirements for executives as well as the executives’ adherence.

Remuneration Committee to the shareholding requirements.

Reviewed Group Internal Audit’s reports on executive and other senior management structure for Executive Management.

The Remuneration Committee has four members and assists the Board of Directors with the remuneration.

Remuneration Policy remuneration of the Board of Directors remuneration and employment terms of Executive Management and the Remuneration Report.

Evaluated the 2020 Remuneration Report, including review of stakeholder feedback.

Reviewed and recommended to the Board the 2021 Remuneration Report with a focus on.

Executive Management is responsible for the day to day management of the company as further enhancing transparency.

To ensure the organisational implementation of our strategy, Executive Management has established a Management Board consisting of the chief executive officer, executive vice presidents and senior vice presidents.

As of 31 December 2021, Executive Management consisted of ten members.

Directors with the oversight of the Research and Development strategy pipeline and the R D executives are based outside Denmark and have the responsibility for Biopharm, International organisation.

In 2021 the Research Development Committee held eight meetings and inter alia dealt with with the Danish Business Authority.

Novo Nordisk’s risk management process is governed by Executive Management and designed to ensure that key business risks are effectively identified, assessed, and mitigated so that they do not affect the company’s ability to achieve its business objectives.

Regularly reviewed the progress of the development project portfolio, including initiation and system covers Novo Nordisk in terms of geography, activities, and functional areas. results of clinical trials, submission of application for marketing authorisations, and receipt of marketing authorisations for key development projects.

Reviewed the progress of the research project portfolio, including key challenges and manage risk to ensure continued growth of our business and to protect our people, assets, and initiatives within early innovation and new therapeutic areas. reputation.

Discussed the business development strategy and reviewed the progress.

Regularly reviewed the potential as well as completed external innovation sourcing flexibility, opportunities, including potential acquisitions, and licensing opportunities.

Reviewed the long term resource allocation to and within R D.

Reviewed the R D strategy within specific therapy areas and technologies.

The Audit Committee appointed by the Board of Directors monitors on an ongoing basis the categories and Novo Nordisk’s key risks. assessment of risk and the design and operating effectiveness of the implemented internal controls in connection with the financial reporting process.

The internal audit function, Group Internal Audit, reports to the Audit Committee.

The internal identification, assessment, and mitigation of risks.

All areas have procedures and infrastructure audit function provides independent and objective assurance primarily within internal control to ensure successful management and reporting of risks, with dedicated local risk coordinators and governance.

This setup allows us to respond in a timely manner to risks.

Biannually, management teams are required to report to the Group Reporting Insights of Novo Nordisk, including the impact on the financial reporting and the financial reporting department their most significant risks, along with assessments and an overview of process.

Quarterly, the Audit Committee has discussions with the chief financial officer, head implemented mitigations and next milestones.

All risk assessments take into account the of finance and compliance, head of group internal audit, the external auditor and the general likelihood of an event and its potential impact on the business.

Impact is quantified and counsel regarding: assessed in terms of potential financial loss or reputational damage.

The final risk profile is reviewed by Executive Management, the Audit Committee, and the Board of Directors.

Overall control environment on page 41 42 in the Annual Report 2021 and in note 1.1 Principal accounting policies and key accounting estimates’ of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The internal control system which has been based on the COSO framework ( Committee of processes and internal controls.

Sponsoring Organizations ) includes clearly defined organisational roles and responsibilities, and approved by the Board of Directors.

A description of Novo Nordisk’s overall policies, positions and values can be found in Purpose reporting processes.

Novo Nordisk must ensure that there are no material weaknesses in the and Sustainability (ESG)’ on page 11 23 in the Annual Report 2021. internal controls that could lead to a material misstatement in its financial reporting.

The company’s conclusion and the auditor’s evaluation of these processes are included in the system in relation to the financial reporting is anchored with Executive Management.

Executive company’s Form 20 F filing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Management ensures design and implementation of controls considered necessary to mitigate risks identified in relation to the financial reporting process.

Novo Nordisk operates with a common global IT system that ensures uniformity and transparency in data used for the financial reporting and controlling.

Information and communication systems to ensure accounting and internal control compliance are established including accounting manual, internal control requirements, budgeting manual and other relevant guidelines.

This information is available for all employees on the Intranet.

Each month the group’s companies report financial data and comments on financial and commercial developments to the central accounting and controlling function.

Financial reporting, including reporting from subsidiaries, are controlled on an ongoing basis.

In connection with the preparation of the Annual Report, additional analysis and control activities are performed to ensure proper presentation in the Annual Report.

Test of internal controls over financial reporting by Group Internal Audit and external auditors and management’s self assessment of the controls are conducted as a part of the compliance with the Sarbanes Oxley Act section 404.

The result hereof is reported to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.

Governance Recommendations as we either complied with or explained our approach to the recommendations.

Novo Nordisk explained its approach to recommendations nos.

Novo Nordisk’s Board of Directors and Executive Management ensures that the company through dialogue and interaction ensures that shareholders, investors and other its investor relations activities has an ongoing dialogue with its shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders gain the relevant insight into the company’s affairs, and that the stakeholders to gain relevant insight into Novo Nordisk. board of directors obtains the possibility of hearing and including their views in its work.

To keep investors updated on performance and the progress of clinical development programmes, Executive Management hosts conference calls following the release of financial results and at other key events.

Furthermore, to ensure the Board of Directors is kept aware of the shareholders’ views, interests, and opinions on the company, the chair of the Board of Directors hosts conference calls with around ten of the largest investors prior to the annual general meeting and participates in the annual shareholder meeting.

The Board of Directors receives written feedback on recent topics discussed with investors prior to Board meetings.

Investor Relations materials, presentations, and other information relevant to shareholders are available on Novo Nordisk’s website, for example, press releases, company announcements, annual reports, annual general meeting notice and agenda, etc.

Novo Nordisk is well regarded in external rankings and solicits a perception study among key investor and analyst stakeholders to understand their view of the company.

The Board of Directors has further adopted the Novo Nordisk Way, which forms the foundation company’s website.

It builds on the Triple Bottom Line principle to be financially, socially, and environmentally responsible, and includes a specific reference to the importance of building and maintaining good relations with stakeholders.

Novo Nordisk adheres to the AA1000 standard ( the standard ) on stakeholder engagement.

The independent auditor conducts an annual review of Novo Nordisk’s business practices against the standard’s principles of ’inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact’.

Novo Nordisk’s adherence is included in the Annual Report.

A corporate function, Commercial Strategy Corporate Affairs, guides, and coordinates engagements with stakeholders to ensure that stakeholders’ interests are taken into account.

Other functions, such as Investor Relations, manage dedicated stakeholder relations.

The Committee recommends that the company publishes quarterly reports.

Novo Nordisk publishes quarterly financial reports.

The Board of Directors organises general meetings that promote active ownership in compliance company’s general meeting in a manner that allows shareholders, who are with the recommendation.

All shareholders registered by name receive a notice convening unable to attend the meeting in person or are represented by proxy at the general meetings electronically if they have requested it and if their email address has been general meeting, to vote and raise questions to the management prior to provided to Novo Nordisk.

A proxy vote form for voting in advance of the annual general meeting or at the general meeting.

The Committee recommends that the board of is available on Novo Nordisk’s website and at the InvestorPortal.

In the notice convening the directors ensures that shareholders can observe the general meeting via annual general meeting shareholders are informed of the possibility for raising questions before webcast or other digital transmission.

Proxies and vote forms for votes by post provided for the general meeting allow shareholders to general meeting enable the shareholders to consider each individual item on consider each individual item on the agenda.

In 2021, the annual general meeting was held virtually. the agenda.

Novo Nordisk has set up contingency procedures in the event of takeover bids.

In addition, it is recommended that it appears from the procedure that the board of directors abstains from countering any takeover bids by taking actions that seek to prevent the shareholders from deciding on the takeover bid, without the approval of the general meeting.

Novo Nordisk is committed to being a sustainable business.

This means adding value to society the company’s corporate social responsibility, including social responsibility and to Novo Nordisk’s future business.

To achieve this ambition, Novo Nordisk does business in a and sustainability, and that the policy is available in the management financially, environmentally, and socially responsible way, as reflected in the Articles of Association, commentary and or on the company’s website.

The Committee recommends the Novo Nordisk Way, and the Strategic Aspirations for 2025. that the board of directors ensures compliance with the policy.

Nordisk’s social responsibility is concerned and (2) Circular for Zero , as far as Novo Nordisk’s environmental responsibility is concerned.

Overall, this principled business approach is intended to ensure balanced decision making with an aim to contribute to sustainable development: to balance short term gains with long term profitability and shareholder return with other stakeholder interests.

Novo Nordisk has a Tax Policy available on its website as well as a Tax Strategy 2025.

Both were to be made available on the company’s website.

The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis considers Novo Nordisk’s purpose and promotion of company’s statutory objects according to its articles of association and the a strong culture and Novo Nordisk’s values, as outlined in the Novo Nordisk Way, in support of the long term value creation considers the company’s purpose and ensures and company’s statutory objects and long term value creation, including through the annual strategy promotes a good culture and sound values in the company.

The company and organisational development processes as well as other aspects of its work.

Each year in June, the Board of Directors reviews the overall strategy of Novo Nordisk at a Board discusses and on a regular basis follows up on the company’s overall strategic meeting extending over 2 3 days.

In addition, the Board of Directors discusses strategic matters targets in order to ensure the value creation in the company.

The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis also reviews performance against Novo Nordisk’s 2025 Strategic Aspirations, which is also reported on externally in connection with quarterly financial reports.

The Board of Directors on an ongoing basis examines whether the share and capital structure basis takes steps to examine whether the company’s share and capital supports the strategy and long term value creation in the interest of the shareholders and the structure supports the strategy and the long term value creation in the company.

The management review in the Annual Report contains the company’s account.

The Committee recommends that the company gives an account thereof in the management commentary.

The Board of Directors has prepared and annually reviews guidelines for Executive Management, an annual basis reviews guidelines for the executive management, including including reporting by Executive Management to the Board of Directors. requirements in respect of the reporting to the board of directors.

The Board of Directors has a chair and a vice chair who constitute the Chair Committee.

The vice chairperson, appoints a vice chairperson, who can step in if the chairperson is chair will assume the responsibilities of the chair in the event of the chair’s absence.

Tasks, duties, absent and who can generally act as the chairperson’s close sparring partner.

Board, and the charter of the Chair Committee, which have been approved by the Board and are available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

As part of the annual Board evaluation, the chair meets with each Board member including individual members of the board of directors ensures that the members to discuss and ensure relevant knowledge and update.

Board members knowledge and up date and supplement their knowledge of relevant matters, and that qualifications are taken into account when considering the composition of the Board committees, the members’ special knowledge and qualifications are applied in the best etc.

Novo Nordisk agrees with the recommendation in principle and will on a case by case basis cases, requests a member of the board of directors to take on special duties disclose details as recommended.

It is recommended that the company publishes any decision on allowing a member of the board of directors to take part in the daily management, including the expected duration thereof.

The Board of Directors has adopted a Board Competence Profile outlining the desired reviews and in the management commentary and or on the company’s competences to be possessed by the shareholder elected Board members, including diversity website states: aspects.

The Board Competence Profile is available on Novo Nordisk’s individually, in order to perform its duties in the best possible manner, and website.

The Annual Report contains a description of the composition of the Board of Directors and competences of each Board member.

Novo Nordisk’s website and in the notice convening the annual general meeting.

Diversity and inclusion, and activities to ensure diversity and inclusion at management levels, are discusses the company’s activities in order to ensure relevant diversity at the discussed by the Board of Directors at regular intervals, and at least once a year, as an integral different management levels of the company and adopts a diversity policy, part of the People and Organisation agenda.

The Board of Directors has prepared and adopted a which is included in the management commentary and or available on the policy on diversity and inclusion, which is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

The Board of Directors has established a thorough process for recruitment of candidates to the recruited based on a thorough process approved by the board of directors.

Committee recommends that in assessing candidates for the board of directors into consideration in addition to individual competencies and qualifications when evaluating its in addition to individual competencies and qualifications the need for continuity, composition. renewal and diversity is also considered.

Shareholder elected Board members are nominated and elected individually.

They serve for a by the general meeting stand for election every year at the annual general one year term and may be re elected at the annual general meeting.

More than half of the shareholder elected Board members (five of eight) are deemed directors elected in general meeting are independent in order for the board of independent. directors to be able to act independently avoiding conflicts of interests.

Even if a member of the board of directors does not fall within the above stated criteria, the board of directors may for other reasons decide that the member in question is not independent.

Novo Nordisk complies with the recommendation. are not members of the board of directors and that members retiring from the executive management does not join the board of directors immediately thereafter.

Committee, and each member assesses time required to perform Board duties.

The aim is for the individual member of the board of directors not to take on more managerial duties than the board member in question is able to perform in a satisfactory manner.

Remuneration Committee, and a Research Development Committee.

In addition, it is recommended that the board committees’ terms of reference are published on the company’s website.

Board committees solely consist of members of the Board of Directors.

To allow for both a main of the board of directors and that the majority of the members of the board shareholder and an employee representative in our Board committees while maintaining an committees are independent.

Development Committee are considered independent and not the majority as recommended.

The Board has established an Audit Committee and the chair of the Audit Committee is not the committee and appoints a chairperson of the audit committee, who is not chair of the Board.

The Board has approved a charter for the Audit Committee setting out its responsibilities and directors in: powers.

The Audit Committee has determined that it is appropriate to have an Internal Audit function.

In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee carries out the tasks included in the significant risks, including in relation to the announced financial outlook, recommendation.

The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates on work performed by the Internal.

The Board and the Audit Committee meet with the Internal Audit elected by the general meeting, and function and the external auditor at least once per year without Executive Management.

Also, the Internal Audit function and the external auditor participate in the Board meeting and the board of directors, for instance, that the board of directors meeting where the financial reports are approved.

The auditor agreement and the auditor’s fee are approved by the Board on the basis of a recommendation from the Audit Committee.

The Board of Directors has established a Nomination Committee.

The Board of Directors has nomination committee to perform at least the following preparatory tasks: approved a charter for the Nomination Committee setting out its responsibilities and powers.

The Board of Directors conducts an annual Board evaluation, which complies with the the board of directors and at least every three years engages external assistance recommendation.

The chair of the Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the Board in the evaluation.

The Committee recommends that the evaluation focuses on evaluation in collaboration with the Nomination Committee and Chair Committee.

Every third the recommendations on the board of directors’ work, efficiency, composition year, an external consultant is engaged for the Board evaluation, and most recently in 2020.

The 2021 Board evaluation process was led by the chair of the Board of Directors in collaboration result of the evaluation of the board of directors and that the procedure for with the Nomination Committee.

It consisted of (1) an extensive questionnaire covering the evaluation and the general conclusions of the evaluation are described various Board related matters completed by all Board of Directors and Executive Management in the management commentary, on the company’s website and at the members (2) individual contribution questionnaires completed by and for all Board of Directors company’s general meeting.

November 2021 on the outcome of the evaluation and discussion hereof.

Committees conducted annual evaluations, which all demonstrated high effectiveness.

Key 2022 focus areas for the Board of Directors are longer term strategy as well as talent and leadership development, succession, and diversity.

In addition to the description above forming part of the management review, the Board evaluation procedure and general conclusions are also described on Novo Nordisk’s website and by the chair of the Board of Directors at the annual general meeting.

Executive Management as part of the organisational development review, including in respect of together with the executive management.

In addition, the board of directors diversity, succession planning and risks, and in light of Novo Nordisk’s strategy.

Nordisk are reviewed on an ongoing basis for competitiveness and alignment with the company’s is considered competitive and consistent with the company’s long term long term shareholder interests, including through benchmarking.

In accordance with the Remuneration Policy, the has a cap at the time of grant, and that there is transparency in respect of maximum short term incentive is capped at an amount while the long term incentive is capped the potential value at the time of exercise under pessimistic, expected and at a number of shares at the time of grant.

The Board of Directors reviews at grant the potential optimistic scenarios.

Business Authority does not exceed two years of remuneration, including all components of the remuneration including all remuneration elements. remuneration at maximum incentive pay out.

As described in the Remuneration Policy the remuneration of the Board of Directors does not remunerated with share options and warrants. consist of share option schemes or other incentive schemes.

Novo Nordisk has the right to reclaim in full or in part variable components of remuneration that in whole or in part, variable remuneration from the board of directors and were paid on the basis of information that prove to be incorrect or if the recipient acted in bad the executive management if the remuneration granted, earned or paid faith in respect of other matters, which implied payment of a too large variable remuneration. was based on information, which subsequently proves to be incorrect, or if the recipient acted in bad faith in respect of other matters, which implied payment of a too large variable remuneration.

The company should in the management commentary give an account of these risks and the company’s risk management.

The Board of Directors has established a whistleblowing scheme. whistleblower scheme, giving the employees and other stakeholders the opportunity to report serious violations or suspicion thereof in an expedient and confidential manner, and that a procedure is in place for handling such whistleblower cases.

Standards except that these standards allow Novo Nordisk to continue to apply Danish corporate governance practices with some exceptions.

Foreign private issuers following the practice in their home countries are, however, required to describe significant differences between NYSE’s and the foreign companies’ corporate governance standards in Form 20 F.

Listed companies must have a majority of independent directors.

Exchange defines as having more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors held by an individual, a group, or another company.

As a controlled company, Novo Nordisk is exempt from this requirement, just as controlled US companies are.

Please see further information on independence in section 2.(a)(i).

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to foreign private issuers ( FPIs ) and in affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with accordance with Danish law and practice, the Board of Directors generally determines whether the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an its members qualify as independent under the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations. organization that has a relationship with the company).

However, five of its eight shareholder elected Board members (and five out of 12 in total) may be deemed independent under the NYSE standard.

Novo Nordisk complies with the Danish Corporate Governance recommendation, which provides that at least half of the shareholder elected Board members should be independent.

Employees are entitled to be represented by half of the total number of shareholder elected Board members and are not considered independent.

The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations recommend that a majority of the members of a board committee should qualify as independent.

In determining the composition of the Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors considers relevant factors to determine whether any member of the Remuneration Committee has a relationship to Novo Nordisk that would materially affect that member’s ability to exercise judgment independent from management.

Four employees have, in accordance with the requirements of the Danish Companies Act, been elected as Board members by the Danish based employees of Novo Nordisk.

In addition, one Board member serves as chief executive officer of Novo Nordisk’s main shareholder, Novo Holdings A S.

No other Board members or their immediate family members have, within the last three years, been an employee or executive of Novo Nordisk or any parent or subsidiary in a consolidated group with Novo Nordisk.

Four employees have, in accordance with the requirements of the Danish Companies Act, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of been elected as Board members by the Danish based employees of the company.

They receive deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not remuneration as employees.

Novo Nordisk’s main shareholder, Novo Holdings A S.

No other Board members or their immediate family members receive or have received such compensation from Novo Nordisk.

No Board members or their immediate family members are or have been employed or affiliated company’s internal or external auditor (B) the director has an immediate with the auditor.

No Board members or their immediate family members are, or have been within the last three three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of Novo Nordisk’s present of the listed company’s present executive officers at the same time serves or executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company’s compensation committee. served on that company’s compensation committee.

None of the members of Novo Nordisk’s Executive Management serve on the Board of Directors. scheduled executive sessions without management.

Executive Management attend and speak at the Board meetings, without the right to vote.

As a controlled company, Novo Nordisk is exempt from the requirement to establish a committee composed entirely of independent directors. nominating corporate governance committee.

The Board of Directors has, however, established a Nomination Committee, consisting of two independent members (including the chair) and two non independent members (in each case as defined by the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations).

The Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations recommend that a majority of the members of a board committee should qualify as independent.

The composition of the Nomination Committee does not conform to the Danish Corporate Governance Recommendations.

This is due to the fact that the Board of Directors wishes to allow for both a representative of the main shareholder as well as an employee representative to be on the Nomination Committee while maintaining an operational structure with relatively few members.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for the oversight of the company’s corporate governance practices.

Directors and is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

The charter addresses those matters performance evaluation.

The Nomination Committee conducts a performance evaluation once a year and reports the results of such evaluation to the Board of Directors.

Compensation committee members must satisfy the additional independence requirements specific to compensation committee membership set forth in Section 303A.02(a)(ii).

The Remuneration Committee has a written charter, which has been approved by the Board and certain specified duties, including an annual performance evaluation. is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

The Remuneration Committee conducts a performance evaluation once a year and reports the results of such evaluation to the Board of Directors. independent legal counsel or other adviser, to be paid for by the listed for chief executive officer. company, provided that the compensation committee considers all relevant factors in determining that such compensation consulting, independent legal counsel or other adviser is appropriately independent from management.

The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee which satisfies the requirements of requirements of Rule 10A 3 under the Exchange Act ( Rule 10A 3 ).

The audit committee must have a minimum of three members.

The Audit Committee consists of five members, three of whom are considered independent committee members must satisfy the requirements for independence set under Rule 10A 3.

The Audit Committee has a written charter, which is reviewed and approved annually by specified duties, including those set out in paragraphs (b) (2), (3), (4) and the Board of Directors and is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

Each listed company must have an internal audit function.

Novo Nordisk has established an internal audit function.

The Remuneration Policy is approved by the annual general meeting.

The Remuneration Policy compensation plans and material revisions thereto, with limited exceptions.

Management are required to comply with this framework.

However, as permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and practice, Novo Nordisk does not seek shareholder approval of specific equity compensation plans and accordingly, each equity compensation plan is subject to shareholder approval only if it is required for the issuance of new shares (and not if the relevant recipients are to receive shares previously issued by Novo Nordisk and held in treasury).

Novo Nordisk has an integrated corporate governance framework, consisting of the Articles of that addresses certain specified topics.

Directors, Remuneration Policy, and other policy documents, together providing a comprehensive set of corporate governance guidelines addressing each of the items specified under the NYSE standard.

Each of these documents are available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and ethics for directors, officers and employees, which shall address certain practice, Novo Nordisk maintains a framework of rules and guidelines, including but not limited to specified topics, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors the Novo Nordisk Way, the Business Ethics Code of Conduct, and the supporting Ethics Navigator, or executive officers. which describe corporate values and Novo Nordisk’s expectations for the standard of business conduct and ethics expected of its directors, officers, and employees.

While certain topics mentioned in the NYSE Listed Company Manual are addressed in this framework of rules and guidelines, others are not specifically addressed.

The Business Ethics Code of Conduct is available on Novo Nordisk’s website.

In its annual report on Form 20 F, Novo Nordisk has made available a comparison of the their corporate governance practices differ from those followed by domestic significant differences between the NYSE’s Corporate Governance Standards and Novo Nordisk’s companies under NYSE listing standards. corporate governance practices.

As permitted by the NYSE standards applicable to FPIs and in accordance with Danish law and she is not aware of any violation by the listed company of NYSE corporate practice (which do not contemplate such certifications), Novo Nordisk does not submit such governance listing standards, qualifying the certification to the extent certifications. necessary.

Novo Nordisk acknowledges this requirement. executive officer of the listed company becomes aware of any non compliance with any applicable provisions of this Section 303A.

Affirmation as and when required by the interim Written Affirmation form specified by the NYSE.