Sustainability 
Report 
2019

Our Charter

We are BHP,  
a leading global resources company.

Our Purpose

Our Values

To bring people and resources 
together to build a better world.

Our Strategy

Our strategy is to have the best 
capabilities, best commodities  
and best assets, to create  
long-term value and high returns.

Sustainability  
Putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible  
and supporting our communities.

Integrity 
Doing what is right and doing what we say we will do.

Respect 
Embracing openness, trust, teamwork, diversity and relationships  
that are mutually beneficial.

Performance  
Achieving superior business results by stretching our capabilities.

Simplicity  
Focusing our efforts on the things that matter most.

Accountability  
Defining and accepting responsibility and delivering on our commitments.

We are successful when:

Our people start each day with a sense of purpose and end the day with  
a sense of accomplishment.

Our teams are inclusive and diverse.

Our communities, customers and suppliers value their relationships with us.

Our asset portfolio is world-class and sustainably developed.

Our operational discipline and financial strength enables our future growth.

Our shareholders receive a superior return on their investment.

Andrew Mackenzie 
Chief Executive Officer 

May 2019

In this Sustainability Report

BHP at a glance 
Chief Executive Officer’s Review 
About this Sustainability Report 
Our FY2019 sustainability performance 

Our sustainability approach  

Samarco 
Tailings dams 

Health and safety 

Environment  

Climate change  

Water 

Society  

People 

Ethics and business conduct 

Appendix 

Performance data – Environment 
Performance data – Climate change 
BHP water sensitivity assessment  
Detailed significant water-related risks 
Performance data – Water 
BHP asset-level water data summary 
Performance data – Society 
Performance data – People 

EY Assurance statement 

BHP Locations 

Corporate directory 

2
3
5
8

9
18
22

25

32

37

44

58

70

74

77
78
80
83
84
87
90
91
91

93

94

96

BHP Sustainability Report 2018 
BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

1
1

BHP at a glance

We employ over 
72,000 
employees and contractors (1) 

Who work in over 
90 
locations worldwide

Safety is our top priority

The number of high-potential 
injury events (2) declined by 
7% compared to FY2018 (3)

54

in FY2018(3)(4)

50

in FY2019(5)

We created value for the community

We made a social investment of
US$93.5 million 
to communities around the world (6)

We continued to take action 
on climate change

We are minimising 
our water impact

We are investing
US$400 million 
into a Climate Investment Program 
to accelerate our efforts to address 
climate change

Fresh water withdrawal (7)
reduction 
1% lower 
compared to FY2017  (8)

Our Operating Model

Assets

Minerals Australia
Coal, copper, iron ore, nickel

Operated assets
Western Australia Iron Ore
Queensland Coal (BMA and BMC)
New South Wales Energy Coal 
Olympic Dam
Nickel West

Minerals Americas
Coal, copper, iron ore, potash

Operated assets
Escondida
Pampa Norte
Jansen

Non-operated assets
Antamina
Cerrejón
Samarco

Petroleum
Petroleum

Operated assets
Shenzi
Angostura
Pyrenees
Macedon 

Non-operated assets
Atlantis
Mad Dog
Bass Strait
North West Shelf 

Commercial
Functions
Centres of Excellence
Leadership

(1)  Data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(2)  Includes recordable injuries and first aid cases where there was the potential for a fatality. 
(3)  FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(4)  FY2018 data has been readjusted due to reclassification of an event after the reporting period. 
(5)  FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.
(6)  FY2019 social investment figure includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.
(7)  Where ‘withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended for use (in accordance with ‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’, ICMM (2017)). ‘Fresh water’ 
is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water. Fresh water withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would 
not be available for other uses. These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of fresh water sources subject to competition from other 
users or the environment.

(8)  The FY2017 baseline data has been adjusted to account for the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and improvements to water balance 
  methodologies at WAIO and Queensland Coal and the divestment of our Onshore US assets in FY2019. Discontinued  operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

2

 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer’s Review

Thank you for downloading BHP’s Sustainability Report 2019. 

This Report tracks our progress against a range of health, safety, 
environmental and community measures that we voluntarily 
disclose as part of our commitment to greater transparency. 

Though the Report covers our performance in FY2019, sustainability 
has long been hardwired into all the decisions we make, the actions 
our people take and the processes adopted by our business across 
the globe.

Global shifts in investor, political and community sentiment amid 
the rapid pace of change inspired us to refresh our purpose and 
contribution to society. Our profits must have a purpose and  
a socially responsible purpose generates greater shareholder 
value. Our updated purpose is: to bring people and resources 
together to build a better world. It acknowledges people as  
the driving force behind our ability to deliver sustainable and 
commercial outcomes. 

This is an intrinsic part of how we build social value, which is our 
contribution to our people, the environment and communities.  
It informs the way in which we provide resources, achieve 
commercial success and make our workplace safe. 

Health and safety
Safety will always be our top priority. Last December, one of our 
colleagues, Allan Houston, died at work at BMA’s Saraji Mine in 
Queensland. I extend my deepest sympathies to Allan’s family, 
friends and colleagues impacted by this tragic incident. In response, 
we have redoubled our efforts to make sure our people go home 
safely each day.

Throughout the year, our leaders held safety engagements with 
contractors and employees across the business. The success of 
our safety programs helped reduce the number of events with  
the potential to cause a fatality by 7 per cent, which is a critical 
indicator of our future safety performance across our business. 
However, we had a slight rise in total recordable injury frequency 
to 4.7 per million hours worked. Though we are encouraged by the 
success of our safety leadership program, we know we have more 
to do to make our workplace safer.

This year, we introduced significant changes to the way we engage 
and manage contractors given they comprise two-thirds of our 
workforce. We also took a leadership role within the International 
Council on Minerals and Metals to strengthen the health and safety 
performance of our contract suppliers.

Tailings dams 
Nothing is more important than the safety of our people and 
communities. That’s why we significantly increased the rigour  
of our assessment and management of tailings facilities since  
the tragic failure of the Fundão dam at Samarco in 2015. In FY2019, 
building on the work we did in 2016, we initiated dam safety reviews 
at significant active, inactive and closed tailings facilities across 
BHP. The reviews assessed dam design, construction, operations, 
emergency response and governance to determine the current 
level of risk and make sure the controls we have in place are 
adequate and effective.

The tragic failure of Vale’s Brumadinho tailings dam in Brazil in 
January 2019 shows we all must act with even greater urgency  
to make sure these incidents do not happen. That’s why we are 
working closely with industry to achieve more consistent disclosure. 
We established a Tailings Taskforce to oversee improvement  
and assurance for our operated tailings dams and we will 
participate in setting new international and independent  
tailings management standards. 

Environment 
The environmental challenges we face are complex and 
unprecedented. They demand concerted and collective action  
to reduce impacts to water resources and biodiversity and curb 
carbon emissions. We acknowledge our responsibility to take 
action on climate change to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions as a major producer and consumer of fossil fuels. 

We remain committed to our five-year target to maintain total 
operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels. In FY2019, 
our operational GHG emissions were 3 per cent below our target 
baseline. We know we must do more. In line with the Paris 
Agreement, our long-term goal is to achieve net-zero emissions 
from our operations in the latter half of this century and next  
year we will establish an additional medium-term target.

In July, we announced we had set up a five-year US$400 million 
Climate Investment Program to find the best technologies and 
other solutions to reduce GHG emissions from our business  
and across our value chain. 

This year, we launched our Water Stewardship Position Statement 
that outlines our vision for a water secure world by 2030. It sets  
out our actions to improve water management within our 
operations and contribute to more effective water governance 
beyond our business. Since 2011, BHP contributed more than 
US$75 million towards conservation to improve biodiversity, 
climate and water outcomes. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

3

Chief Executive Officer’s Review continued

Community
BHP’s success depends on healthy, prosperous and engaged global 
communities. Success is measured by the value communities place 
on our presence and whether we achieve environmental and 
economic sustainability. We have made good progress in  
meeting our five-year community targets that tackle a number  
of sustainable development challenges.

This Report also examines progress towards our 2025 aspiration  
of gender balance. This includes our push for more flexible ways  
of working and a respectful culture that boost our inclusivity  
and diversity.

As part of our social value commitment, we publicly endorsed  
the Uluru Statement from the Heart in January 2019, which calls  
for a greater voice and constitutional recognition for Indigenous 
Australians. Our partnerships with Traditional Owners of the land 
on which we operate are important to us and critical to our 
business so we support their actions to elevate Indigenous voices.

In FY2019, our voluntary social investment totalled US$93.5 million, 
including US$55.7 million in direct community development 
projects and donations. This was up from US$77.1 million in FY2018.

We are committed to transparency and must never lose sight of 
the importance of delivering meaningful gains for our stakeholders 
today as we pursue long-term value.

To meet our sustainability challenges and stay at the forefront of 
change, we must continue to invest in a workforce that is genuinely 
inclusive and diverse because our people will move us towards  
a more sustainable and successful future. I thank them for their 
hard work and dedication. 

Andrew Mackenzie 
Chief Executive Officer

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

4

About this Sustainability Report

This Sustainability Report lays out an overview of BHP’s long-term 
and ongoing commitment to sustainability, which is underpinned 
by Our Charter values and our company purpose: to bring people 
and resources together to build a better world.

This Report provides an opportunity for engagement with our 
stakeholders, who we know are more concerned than ever about 
our short-term delivery and long-term performance in sustainability. 
This includes our investors, our communities and our people.  
As such, we have endeavoured to provide within this Report  
a balanced picture of our progress to date as well as key areas  
for improvement. We voluntarily disclose data to be transparent  
and keep ourselves accountable. 

The data and information published in this Report serve as an 
important record of how BHP is performing from year-to-year 
around themes that are critical to a sustainable future. These 
themes are both global in nature (such as how we can respond  
to the impacts of climate change) and more locally focused  
(such as rehabilitating the natural environment and supporting  
the communities in which we operate). All case studies in this 
Report are available online at bhp.com.

For ease of reference, data is presented in this Report in the 
following sections:

•  Our sustainability approach (page 9) gives an overview of our 
actions and strategy, as well as responding to issues of public 
interest, such as our response to the Fundão tailings dam failure 
in Samarco in 2015 and our subsequent steps toward rehabilitation 
of the area and resettlement of the community. In this section, 
we also disclose our approach to tailings dam management.
•  Health and safety (page 25) discloses data around the health  
and safety of our workforce. Safety is always our top priority.

•  Environment (page 32) shows how we work to minimise 
environmental impacts from our operations, tracks our 
environmental performance and tells how we look beyond  
our own operations to support conservation, the sustainable  
use of natural environments and how we contribute to resilient 
natural ecosystems for future generations.

•  Climate change (page 37) discloses data on GHG emissions  

and how we manage climate-related risk.

•  Water (page 44) discloses data on our water use, performance 

and interactions, which follows on from our inaugural BHP Water 
Report in 2018.  

•  The closing three sections of our Report focus on fostering 
ethical and respectful relationships with our people; and  
the communities, small businesses, Indigenous peoples  
and governments of the regions in which we operate.  
These sections are:
 – Society addresses community concerns, respecting human 
rights, our social investment and recognising the traditional 
rights of the Indigenous peoples who are the custodians  
of the land on which we operate.

 – People tells how we support our global workforce’s wellbeing 
and promote an inclusive and diverse corporate culture.  
We show how we are tracking against our aspirational goal  
of gender balance by 2025 and outline the steps we are taking 
to ensure women, Indigenous peoples and LGBT+ people want 
to work in the resources sector. 

 – Ethics and business conduct reinforces our commitment  
to transparency and outlines governance of Our Code  
of Conduct, including anti-corruption compliance.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

5

About this Sustainability Report continued

Our reporting approach
We pride ourselves on voluntarily and transparently disclosing data 
using sustainability guidelines, standards and recommendations 
informed by external sources. This year, for the first time, we report 
data on our tailings dams.

This Sustainability Report aligns with the International Council on 
Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework 
and is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Standards comprehensive-level reporting.

As signatories to the principles of the United Nations Global 
Compact (UNGC), this Sustainability Report serves as our UNGC 
Communication on Progress on implementation of the principles 
and support for its broader development objectives.

More information is available online at bhp.com and we invite 
readers to access case study information and topic-specific detail 
via this platform. We have obtained external limited assurance over 
our Sustainability Report disclosures. Refer to EY’s assurance report 
for the full assurance statement.

Reporting boundary and scope 
This Sustainability Report covers BHP’s assets (including those 
under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, 
sites and closed operations) that have been wholly owned and/or 
operated by BHP and assets that have been owned as a joint 
venture(1) operated by BHP (referred to in this Sustainability Report 
as ‘assets’, or ‘operated assets’ or ‘operations’) during the period 
from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. Our functions are also included.

On 28 September 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent  
of the issued share capital of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Arkansas) Inc. 
and 100 per cent of the membership interests in BHP Billiton 
Petroleum (Fayetteville) LLC, which held the Fayetteville assets,  
for a total cash consideration of US$0.3 billion.

On 31 October 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent  
of the issued share capital of Petrohawk Energy Corporation,  
the BHP subsidiary which held the Eagle Ford (being Black Hawk 
and Hawkville), Haynesville and Permian assets, for a total cash 
consideration of US$10.3 billion (less preliminary customary 
completion adjustments of US$0.2 billion). 

While the effective date at which the right to economic profits 
transferred to the purchasers was 1 July 2018, the Group continued 
to control the Onshore US assets until the completion dates of 
their respective transactions. In addition, the Group provided 
transitional services to the buyer, which ceased in July 2019.

As such, information and data in this Sustainability Report relating 
to the Group (other than FY2019 safety performance data) has 
been presented on a Continuing and Discontinued operations 
basis to include the contribution from Onshore US assets prior  
to completion of their sale, unless otherwise stated. FY2019 safety 
performance data in this Sustainability Report has been presented 
on a Continuing and Discontinued operations basis to include the 
contribution from Onshore US assets to 28 February 2019. 

Continuing operations means the assets, operations and entities 
that are owned and/or operated by BHP, excluding Onshore US 
and assets, operations and entities included in the demerger  
of South32. For FY2014 to FY2019, Discontinued operations 
includes the assets, operations and entities that were owned  
by and/or operated by BHP during FY2019 and sold as part of  
our Onshore US sale, which was announced on 27 June 2018.  
For FY2014 to FY2015, Discontinued operations also includes 
assets, operations and entities that were owned and/or operated 
by BHP during FY2015 and demerged into a new company 
(South32) on 25 May 2015.

On 14 May 2019, BHP announced we would fully integrate Nickel 
West into the BHP Operating Model. During FY2019, Nickel West 
was not fully integrated into our Operating Model. Accordingly,  
it was granted exemptions from certain Our Requirements 
standards, including the requirements to conduct a human rights 
impact assessment every three years, and have a quantified water 
balance model (unless required by a material risk). Statements in 
this Sustainability Report concerning these matters do not apply  
to Nickel West. It is expected that Nickel West will be fully 
integrated into our Operational Model in FY2020.

BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture 
but not operated by BHP (referred to in this Sustainability Report  
as ‘non-operated joint ventures’ or ‘non-operated assets’). Our 
non-operated joint ventures are not included within the scope  
of this Sustainability Report, unless otherwise stated. Data for 
non-operated joint ventures is not presented in this Sustainability 
Report, unless otherwise stated. Comparative information includes 
divested assets unless otherwise stated.

(1)  References in this Sustainability Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not 

intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

6

About this Sustainability Report continued continued

A note on terminology
In this Sustainability Report, the terms ‘BHP’, the ‘Company’, the 
‘Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ 
refer to BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and, except where the 
context otherwise requires, their respective subsidiaries as defined 
in note 13 ‘Related undertakings of the Group’ in section 5.2 of 
BHP’s Annual Report 2019 on Form 20-F. Notwithstanding that this 
Report may include production, financial and other information 
from non-operated assets, non-operated assets are not included  
in the BHP Group and, as a result, statements regarding our 
operations, assets and values apply only to our operated assets 
unless otherwise stated.

The Boards of Directors of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc 
are referred to collectively as ‘the Board’.

Forward looking statements
This Sustainability Report contains forward looking statements, 
including statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives  
of management; closure or divestment of certain assets, 
operations or facilities; and regulatory developments. 

Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of 
terminology, including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, 
‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘should’,  
‘will’, ‘continue’ or similar words. These statements discuss future 
expectations or provide other forward looking information. 

These forward looking statements are not guarantees or predictions 
of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our 
control and which may cause actual results to differ materially  
from those expressed in the statements contained in this 
Sustainability Report. Readers are cautioned not to put undue 
reliance on forward looking statements. 

Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in such 
statements as a result of a variety of factors, including our ability  
to profitably produce and transport the minerals, petroleum and/or 
metals extracted to applicable markets; the impact of foreign 
currency exchange rates on the market prices of the minerals, 
petroleum or metals we produce; activities of government 
authorities in the countries where we are exploring or developing 
projects, facilities or mines, including increases in taxes, changes 
in environmental and other regulations and political uncertainty; 
labour unrest; and other factors identified in the risk factors set out 
in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com. 

Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does 
not undertake to publicly update or review any forward looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. 

Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future 
performance. 

Voluntary initiatives and public commitments

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

7

Our FY2019 sustainability performance

Target

Zero work-related fatalities

l

e
p
o
e
P

i

y
t
e
c
o
S

Year-on-year improvement of total recordable 
injury frequency(3) (TRIF) per million hours worked

50 per cent reduction in the number of workers 
potentially exposed(6) to our most material 
exposures of diesel particulate matter, respirable 
silica and coal mine dust as compared to our 
FY2017(7) baseline by FY2022

Zero significant community events (9)

Not less than 1 per cent of pre-tax profits(10) invested 
in community programs that contribute to improved 
quality of life in host communities where we have 
a presence and support the achievement of the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals 

By FY2022, implement our Indigenous Peoples 
Strategy across all our assets through the 
development of Regional Indigenous Peoples Plans

e
t
a
m

i
l

C

e
g
n
a
h
C

By FY2022, maintain operational (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels(14)(15) 
while we continue to grow our business 

Result

Workplace fatalities

1

Total recordable injury frequency

4.7

Occupational exposures reduction 

49%

0

FY2017:(1) 1
FY2018:(1) 2
FY2019:(2) 1

FY2018:(4) 4.4
FY2019:(5) 4.7

Adjusted FY2017 
baseline: 4,266 
FY2019:(8) 2,192

Community investment spend 

US$93.5 million(11)

FY2017:(12) US$80.1 million
FY2018:(12) US$77.1 million
FY2019:(13) US$93.5 million

Regional Indigenous 
Peoples Plans
developed across all 
geographically relevant assets

Greenhouse gas emissions

3%

below FY2017 baseline(14) 

FY2018:(16) 16.5 million 
tonnes carbon dioxide 
equivalent (Mt CO2-e) 
FY2019:(17) 14.7 Mt CO2-e 

t
n
e
m
n
o
r
i
v
n
E
e
h
t
g
n
i
t
c
e
t
o
r
P

Zero significant environmental events(9)

0

Reduce FY2022 fresh water withdrawal(18) by 
15 per cent from FY2017(19) levels

1%

fresh water withdrawal reduction

Adjusted FY2017 
baseline:(18) 157,320 ML 

FY2019 freshwater 
withdrawal:(19) 155,500 ML 

By FY2022, improve marine and terrestrial 
biodiversity outcomes by developing a 
framework to evaluate and verify the benefits 
of our actions, in collaboration with others 

Progressed development 
of framework
to evaluate and verify the benefits of our 
actions, in collaboration with others 

(1)  FY2017 and FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(2)  FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations. 
(3)  The sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted work cases + medical treatment cases) multiplied by 1 million ÷ actual hours worked by our employees and contractors. Stated in units of 
per million hours worked. We adopt the US Government’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration Guidelines for the recording and reporting of occupational injuries and illnesses. 

(4)  FY2018 TRIF data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(5)  FY2019 TRIF data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations. 
(6)  For exposures exceeding our FY2017 baseline occupational exposure limits discounting the use of personal protective equipment, where required. The baseline exposure profile (as at 
30 June 2017) is derived through a combination of quantitative exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by specialist occupational hygienists consistent with 
best practice as defined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association. 

(7)  New FY2017 baseline due to the removal of 98 exposures attributed to the Petroleum Onshore US assets. 
(8)  Data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).
(9)  A significant event, resulting from BHP operated activities, is one with a severity rating of four and above, based on our internal severity rating scale (tiered from one to five by increasing 

severity) as defined in the revised Our Requirements for Risk Management standard. 

(10)  Our voluntary social investment is calculated as 1 per cent of the average of the previous three years’ pre-tax profit. 
(11)  Expenditure includes BHP’s equity share for operated and non-operated joint ventures, and comprises cash, administrative costs, including costs to facilitate the operation of the BHP Foundation. 
(12)  FY2017 and FY2018 social investment figures include Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(13)  FY2019 social investment figure includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations. 
(14)  Comparison calculated on a Continuing operations basis. The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure onoing comparability of performance.
(15)  With the use of carbon offsets, as required. 
(16)  FY2018 GHG data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 
(17)  FY2019 GHG data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations. 
(18)  The FY2017 baseline data has been adjusted to account for the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and improvements to water balance methodologies 

at WAIO and Queensland Coal in FY2019. Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded. 

(19)  Where ‘withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended or use (in accordance with ‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’, ICMM (2017)). ‘Freshwater’ is defined as waters 
other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water. Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses. These 
exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

8

 
 
 
 
 
Our sustainability  
approach 

Sustainability is one of BHP’s core 
values. It means putting health and 
safety first, being environmentally 
responsible and supporting the 
communities in which we operate. 
The wellbeing of our people, the 
community and the environment  
is considered in everything we do. 
But it goes beyond that – we are 
committed to making a positive 
contribution to a sustainable future 
for all by acknowledging and 
responding to global issues.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

9

In this section:
Why sustainability is important to us
Our purpose
Our contribution to social value
Social value highlights
Sustainability at BHP
Contributing to sustainable development
Sustainability governance
Sustainability targets
How we manage sustainability
Our material sustainability issues
Promoting sustainability in our value chain
Sustainability at our non-operated minerals joint 
ventures and petroleum non-operated assets
Samarco
Tailings dams 

Our sustainability approach

Why sustainability is important to us
BHP has long been committed to building a sustainable future. Demand will continue to grow for our natural 
resources as the world shifts to a decarbonised future. We keep our asset portfolio simple, with an increased 
focus on commodities that will shape a greener world and continue to power economic growth. 

Our exploration activities are heavily copper focused, for example, 
as copper plays an important role in creating cleaner renewable 
energy. Recyclable, durable and highly conductive, copper is an 
essential component in electric vehicles and wind turbines.

To responsibly meet future demand for our commodities, we must 
invest in a diverse and highly skilled workforce and sustainable 
processes and practices. 

At BHP, we know we must build trust and forge mutually beneficial 
partnerships for the long-term because the value we create 
together is central to shareholder value. As such, our success  
is not just measured in profitability; we also seek to create social 
value. Social value is an important barometer of our performance 
because it measures our ability to produce strong safety outcomes, 
meaningfully contribute to communities, build environmental 
resilience and uphold human rights. We embrace inclusion and 
diversity in our workforce, empower and advocate for Indigenous 
peoples and encourage business across our supply chain to adopt 
a similar commitment to sustainability.

In 1997, we set global sustainability targets for the first time and in 
2011, Our Charter was revised to include Sustainability as a core 
value. This year, we updated our company purpose to recognise 
the vital role our people play in our success and the broader 
contribution we make.

On a global level, we are committed to playing our part in creating 
a sustainable future by acknowledging and responding to risks that 
impact everyone, such as climate change and water availability. 

We use international benchmarks to track our performance, such 
as the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals and  
the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) principles. 
We also conduct an annual materiality assessment to identify key 
sustainability issues for BHP. Good governance is essential to the 
success of our sustainability approach, with oversight from the 
Board and a dedicated Sustainability Committee.

Our purpose
For more than 130 years, BHP has sought to operate a safe, 
sustainable and productive business that makes a fair 
contribution to society. As custodians of natural resources, we  
have a responsibility to shape the future in a way that creates 
prosperity for shareholders, our communities and society.

In 2011, BHP expressed its purpose as the creation of long-term 
shareholder value. That statement of purpose was laid out in  

Our Charter. Since then, we have evolved as the external business 
landscape has changed. While value creation is central to what we 
do, this purpose did not fully reflect the story behind why we exist. 
We believed our purpose must encompass all of our stakeholders 
and more accurately capture our long-term approach.

To better understand the relationship between our purpose  
and stakeholders, we consulted retail and institutional investors, 
community leaders, customers, suppliers and our people in early 
2018. They said a revised purpose must have people front and 
centre, it should not shy away from the fact we are a resources 
company and it must demonstrate how we make a broader 
contribution to the world. 

Following a year of feedback and testing with more than 1,000 
employees, BHP’s Board endorsed our new purpose as: to bring 
people and resources together to build a better world.

Our new purpose reflects a spirit, approach and ambition that 
already exists at BHP and will guide us in everything we do. Creating 
long-term shareholder value remains a strategic imperative. Without 
that focus, BHP would not exist because our shareholders entrust 
us with their funds and expect competitive returns.

Our contribution to social value
To fulfil our purpose, we have evolved our thinking about our 
partnerships with the communities where we operate and  
our contribution to society and the environment more broadly. 

For many years, BHP has maintained relationships and achieved 
social, environmental and economic outcomes that were 
necessary to operate, otherwise referred to as social licence. 
However, we believe this is no longer enough to maintain  
BHP’s long-term success. Our focus has shifted to identifying 
opportunities that contribute to social value, while continuing  
to meet our legal, regulatory and ethical requirements.

The long-term success of our business depends on the long-term 
health of society and a sustainable natural environment; our 
approach must be about the long-term value we can create 
together with our stakeholders. If we do not do this well, our ability 
to earn and maintain the trust of our stakeholders, attract the right 
employees and secure access to capital, resources and markets 
will be hampered. 

Importantly, social value is not new to BHP – there are already many 
examples of BHP’s contribution to social value: from global water 
stewardship and Indigenous advocacy to our Local Buying Program.

'Social value is our contribution to society 
– to our people, partners, economy, 
environment and the local communities.' 

Ken MacKenzie  
BHP Chairman

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

10

Our sustainability approach continued

Social value highlights

1925

BHP Safety First campaign was launched with medical practitioners hired to provide support to our 
workforce and their families.

1930 

1947

The People’s Fund was established to provide education, medical and social services to our workforce.

The Female Staff Provident Fund was introduced, recognising the contribution of the women in BHP’s workforce.

1996 

BHP acknowledged scientific consensus on climate change and committed to a range of operational projects to 
improve energy efficiency and address greenhouse gas emissions.

1997

BHP set global sustainability targets for the first time and sustainability reporting began with BHP producing 
its first Environmental Report. 

2000

A social investment target of not less than one per cent of pre-tax profits was established. In 2001, $19.3 million 
was invested.

2002

BHP Billiton committed to the United Nations Global Compact and its principles, which address human rights, 
labour standards and the environment.

2008

The World-Class Supplier Program in Chile was launched, to engage local suppliers to develop innovative solutions 
to manage our operations and help build world-class suppliers that can export their services around the world.

2009

BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities, the precursor to the BHP Foundation, was established to partner 
with organisations to deliver large-scale, long-term social and environmental development projects. 

2012 

Our Local Buying Program was established with an emphasis on building better relationships between our 
operations and local small businesses, to build local capacity and capability.

2016 

Gender balance by 2025 was set as an aspirational goal, from a base of 17 per cent female representation.

2017

BHP is one of the first companies in the world to adopt the recommendations of the Task force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures.

2018

Our inaugural Water Report was published.

2019

2019

2019

The Uluru Statement from the Heart was endorsed by BHP, supporting a greater voice and constitutional 
recognition for Indigenous Australians.

We announced a Climate Investment Program of US$400 million over five years to invest in and develop 
technologies to reduce emissions. 

We launched our Water Stewardship Position Statement, further demonstrating our commitment towards water 
security and stewardship.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

11

Our sustainability approach continued

Sustainability at BHP
BHP aims for the best culture and capabilities in the best 
commodities, with the best assets, underpinned by a strong 
balance sheet and capital allocation process.

Our success depends on the value communities place on our 
contribution. We cannot succeed without access to high-quality 
resources and people. We must form and maintain respectful and 
reciprocal partnerships with our stakeholders, embed long-term 
social, environmental and economic performance into our 
planning and decision-making and demonstrate the highest 
environmental, health and safety standards in our operations. 

Sustainability is a core value set out in Our Charter. That means 
putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible 
and supporting the communities in which we work. 

Contributing to sustainable development
The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are ambitious  
goals to improve the wellbeing of present and future generations. 
The 17 SDGs promote sustainable development to tackle the 
world’s most pressing challenges. 

We contribute towards the achievement of the SDGs through:

•  our direct business activities – the products we produce and  

the way we produce them;

•  the taxes and royalties we pay that host governments use,  

the direct and indirect employment opportunities we create  
and our supply chain; and

•  our voluntary social investment. 

This approach means we can work in genuine partnership with 
others towards shared outcomes. 

BHP Sustainability Committee members visit Broadmeadow Mine, Queensland.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

12

Sustainability governance
BHP’s Board oversees our approach to sustainability, with the 
Board’s Sustainability Committee having oversight of health,  
safety, environmental and community (HSEC) matters and  
assisting the Board with governance and monitoring. Members  
of the Sustainability Committee are Non-executive Directors 
determined by the Board to have appropriate skills in HSEC 
matters. Members of the Sustainability Committee in FY2019  
were Malcolm Broomhead, Ian Cockerill (from 1 April 2019),  
Ken MacKenzie (until 1 April 2019) and John Mogford.

The Sustainability Committee also oversees the adequacy of the 
systems to identify and manage HSEC-related risks, legal and 
regulatory compliance and overall HSEC and other human rights 
performance. The Board’s Risk and Audit Committee assists with 
oversight of the Group’s risk management systems. For more 
information, refer to section 2.13 of our Annual Report 2019.

The Sustainability Committee recommends to the Board the 
approval of the Sustainability Report for publication. The Committee 
also guides the Remuneration Committee in setting HSEC-related 
scorecard targets and offers guidance to the Remuneration 
Committee of the evaluation of performance against those targets. 

For more information about the Sustainability Committee and its 
work, refer to section 2.13 of our Annual Report 2019. 

Our stakeholders
BHP is committed to building strong relationships with our 
stakeholders to achieve long-term sustainable social, 
environmental and economic outcomes. At a global and regional 
level, we participate in government consultations and voluntary 
initiatives, and engage with industry associations to support 
positive change and sustainable practices. Locally, our assets 
develop reciprocal relationships with communities and plan, 
implement and document stakeholder engagement activities.  
For a detailed description of our stakeholders, their interests  
and how we engage with them, refer to our Sustainability 
Reporting Navigator at bhp.com. 

Bringing our people together is an intrinsic part of our purpose. 
Our leaders and managers regularly communicate our vision  
and goals, and encourage feedback and comment from our  
people through internal communication channels and surveys.  
For more information, refer to the People section.

Sustainability targets
We set clear targets to challenge ourselves to improve our 
sustainability performance, transparency and accountability.  
To realise these targets, we embed sustainability performance 
measures throughout the Group. They include Group-wide  
key performance indicators to balanced scorecards for  
individual employees. 

Our five-year targets set in FY2017 help us to operate safely, 
manage water sustainably, reduce our environmental impact,  
look after our people and contribute to improved quality of life  
in the communities where we have a presence. These targets  
were created in consultation with our assets and key internal  
and external stakeholders, and approved by the Sustainability 
Committee. Achieving these goals is fundamental to the success 
of our business and our commitments to the objectives of the  
Paris Agreement and the SDGs. They are outlined earlier in Our 
FY2019 sustainability performance and in each relevant section.

Our sustainability approach continued

Forum on Corporate Responsibility

To help us engage with our stakeholders and ensure we have access to leading specialist expertise, we regularly 
seek advice from external experts and forums on sustainability issues. 

The BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility (the Forum) is a key part of our stakeholder engagement program. 
The Forum comprises nine independent civil society leaders in various fields of sustainability, who make a vitally 
important contribution to our approach to a range of social and environmental issues and the development of  
our standards. They provide insight into current and emerging issues, challenge our thinking and allow us to 
understand and consider the broader impacts of our actions. The Forum members advise our operational 
management teams as well as BHP’s Sustainability Committee and Board.

The Forum met twice during FY2019 and discussed a range of topics, such as BHP’s Water Stewardship Position 
Statement, social value and purpose, and advocacy for Indigenous peoples. The future of work at BHP was also 
discussed, including the impacts and opportunities arising from automation. Members during FY2019 included:

•  Professor Yaa Ntiamoa-Baidu, Centre for African Wetlands, University of Ghana (Ghana)
•  Professor Michael (Mick) Dodson, Treaty Commissioner (Northern Territory) and Professor Emeritus,  

Australian National University 

•  Catalina Cock Duque, Executive Director, Fundación Mi Sangre (Colombia)
•  Cristina Echavarria, Board Member, Alliance for Responsible Mining (Colombia)
•  Professor Don Henry, Public Policy Fellow – Environmentalism, University of Melbourne (Australia)
•  Dr Simon Longstaff, Executive Director, The Ethics Centre (Australia)
•  Ray Offenheiser, Director, Notre Dame Initiative for Global Development (USA)
•  Phil Vernon, Independent Peacebuilding and International Development Expert (United Kingdom)
•  Changhua Wu, China/Asia Director, Office of Jeremy Rifkin (China)

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

13

Our sustainability approach continued

How we manage sustainability
We are committed to complying with the laws and regulations  
of the jurisdictions in which we operate and aim to exceed legal 
and regulatory requirements where they are less stringent than  
our own. 

We set clear sustainability accountabilities. Everyone involved in 
our operations and our functions is guided in the execution of 
these accountabilities by Our Charter and supported by Our Code 
of Conduct and the Our Requirements standards. These standards 
and related functional controlled documents set out our mandatory 
minimum performance and establish the requirements for 
management systems at our assets. They are consistent with  
the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework, the UN Global 
Compact, the UN Declaration of Human Rights and the Voluntary 
Principles on Security and Human Rights.

Although these standards are for internal use, we have made the 
HSEC-related elements of several of the Our Requirements 
standards and related functional controlled documents publicly 
available on our website (bhp.com), where we believe they clarify 
our management approach and where there is a broader 
community or industry benefit.

Managing risk
BHP applies a Risk Framework to identify and manage risks. In 
FY2019, we refined the Framework, which allows us to consistently 
apply a risk-based approach to sustainability. The Framework 
includes a Group Risk Architecture through which we consider the 
material risk impact on all categories of risk. This covers: strategy; 
exploration, growth and development; production and operations; 

commercial; people and culture; health and safety; environment, 
climate change and community; technology, innovation and 
systems; financial management and legal, compliance and 
stakeholder management. The revised Framework evaluates the 
full risk exposure and the aggregate impact of cumulative risks. 
Our risk management is monitored against our defined risk 
appetite through key risk indicators at the enterprise level and 
through regular and ad hoc reviews of risks and controls for each 
individual risk.

A ‘three lines of defence’ model of risk governance and management 
outlines how responsibilities for risk management are divided 
between business owners, standard setters and internal audit.  
This enables operational management to own and verify risks, 
supported by the relevant functions and is independently assured 
by our Internal Audit and Advisory (IAA) team. 

We embed risk management in critical business activities and the 
processes and systems of our assets and functions through a 
common global risk process. Our assets and functions are required 
to identify and manage current and emerging material risks across 
our business activities, functions and processes in accordance 
with the Our Requirements for Risk Management standard. 

IAA evaluates the design and effectiveness of our sustainability 
processes each year. These results help improve these processes 
and are reported to the Executive Leadership Team and senior 
operational leaders, with summary reports provided to the 
Sustainability Committee and the Risk and Audit Committee. 

We have obtained external limited assurance over our Sustainability 
Report disclosures. Refer to EY’s assurance statement at the end  
of this Sustainability Report.

Keeping ourselves accountable

Results

Targets

Metrics/indicators

Systems

Our Requirements standards

Our Code of Conduct

Our Charter

Through reporting, we are accountable to our stakeholders 
for results.

Identifying metrics and indicators to track performance and setting 
clear targets challenge us, drive improvement and allow stakeholders 
to assess our performance in the areas that matter most.

Our Requirements standards are the foundation for developing 
and implementing effective management solutions.

Our Code of Conduct supports Our Charter and reflects many 
of the standards and procedures applied throughout BHP. 

Our Charter articulates our common purpose, our values, how we 
measure success and is the basis for decision-making.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

14

Water, dams, tailings and climate change are critical issues for  
us as they have the potential to impact safety, the environment  
and the community and have the potential to impact our ability  
to continue to operate and grow. The issue of trust in institutions 
and corporations was assessed as a material concern for BHP in 
FY2019. This drives our concerted efforts to build trust with all our 
stakeholders. The issues identified by the materiality assessment 
conducted in FY2019 are outlined below and include links to other 
sections in this Report, our Annual Report 2019 or online.

Our materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement processes 
are detailed in our Sustainability Reporting Navigator 2019 available 
online at bhp.com.

Our sustainability approach continued

Our material sustainability issues
We conduct a materiality assessment each year to identify the 
sustainability issues that are most critical to our business and 
stakeholders. We also assess the impact our activities have on the 
economy, the environment and society. 

We review a wide variety of internal and external sources and consult 
with stakeholders using surveys, investor round tables and advisory 
groups to identify the issues of most concern to them and to our 
business. The Sustainability Committee reviews the assessment 
and provides feedback on the issues. The Forum on Corporate 
Responsibility reviewed the methodology in November 2018.

This helps us to track ongoing issues and identify emerging ones. 
The materiality assessment informs our sustainability strategies 
and provides transparent coverage of key topics in line with Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) principles.

Our material issues

Our sustainability approach

•  Trust in institutions
•  Board competency, succession and accountability
•  Governance and management of our non-operated joint ventures
•  Response to Samarco
•  Product stewardship
•  Dams and tailings management

Health and safety

•  Safety and health of our people and the community

Environment

•  Biodiversity and land management
•  Environmental impacts of our operations
•  Managing air emissions

Climate change

•  Portfolio resilience
•  Physical impacts of climate change
•  Minimising greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and from the use of our products
•  Global response to climate change

Water 

•  Water management and access

Society

•  Community relationships
•  Respecting human rights
•  Indigenous peoples
•  Automation
•  Economic support for communities and social investment

People

•  Inclusion and diversity 
•  Training and development of our people

Ethics and business conduct

•  Anti-corruption and bribery
•  Transparency and disclosure

Economic Contribution Report

•  Tax and royalty payments

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

15

Page

9

25

32

37

44

58

70

74

Online at bhp.com

Our sustainability approach continued

Promoting sustainability in our value chain
As a leading global resources company, we must work with our 
customers, suppliers and other value chain participants to promote 
sustainable practices across the full life cycle of our products.

Product stewardship
BHP encourages the responsible design, use, reuse, recycling and 
disposal of our products throughout our value chain, in line with 
the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework. 

We support industry association programs and other initiatives  
that bring together participants in a product’s life cycle to improve 
sustainability performance. For example, we support Responsible 
Steel and the European Copper Institute’s product stewardship 
initiatives, and participate in the ICMM Materials Stewardship 
Facility. In FY2019, we participated in the London Metal Exchange’s 
consultation on responsible sourcing standards, and in the 
development of the Copper Mark, a new assurance program for 
responsible copper production established by the International 
Copper Association.

Where possible, BHP also works directly with those involved in 
processing and using our products to improve environmental 
performance throughout the value chain, and to promote the 
sustainable use of our products. For example, we work with 
individual customers to design and test raw material blends  
that optimise environmental performance. We also collaborate  
on research with customers, industry bodies and academia to 
identify sustainable product and process improvements.

In FY2020, we will develop a more strategic and integrated 
approach to addressing sustainability across our value chain.  
The strategy will consider our procurement processes, product 
design and placement, and our stewardship role in promoting 
sustainability throughout our products’ life cycles.

Sustainable procurement 
We encourage the people we work with to put sustainability at  
the heart of their operations. Contractors working at our assets  
are required to comply with our HSEC standards. We are focused 
on how we can support suppliers and service providers to adopt 
sustainable business standards in health, safety, human rights, 
anti-corruption and environmental protection that are as rigorous 
as our own. We also look for opportunities to minimise safety, 
health, human rights, environmental and climate impacts 
throughout our value chain. 

We use a risk-based approach to identify potential suppliers to 
assess their compliance against our requirements that is based  
on a combination of questionnaires, due diligence and third  
party data.

New supplier management processes introduced in FY2018 have 
strengthened our compliance controls, particularly in relation to 
anti-corruption and sanctions. In FY2019, we began integrating 
human rights due diligence into our supplier management 
processes. This includes steps to encourage them to improve 
human rights risk management (including modern slavery)  
among subcontractors and across their own supply chain.  
To read more, refer to Respecting human rights.

Sustainable shipping
BHP is one of the largest global shippers of bulk commodities.  
We engage with industry bodies, governments and regulators to 
leverage technological developments and promote improvements 
in sustainability standards. We continue to take a collaborative 
approach to better understand human rights and ethics risks 
(including the potential for forced labour and unacceptable 
working conditions) that seafarers may be exposed to, and identify 
opportunities to improve our processes, particularly with respect 
to our own charter vessels.

GHG emissions resulting from the transportation and distribution 
of our products represent a significant source of Scope 3 emissions. 
We are working on initiatives to reduce freight emissions associated 
with our business and to encourage immediate and long-term 
change in the shipping industry. 

BHP is a part-owner and collaborator with RightShip, a leading 
maritime risk management and environmental assessment 
organisation that has developed a GHG emissions rating for  
all dry bulk vessels. Adopting this rating allowed us to eliminate  
the poorest rated vessels from our chartered fleet and make 
immediate emissions reductions. 

The development of liquefied natural gas (LNG) as a bunker fuel is 
a priority and we are working to bring LNG-fuelled dry bulk vessels 
to BHP’s supply chain. LNG is projected to produce 25 per cent less 
carbon dioxide than marine diesel as well as almost zero sulphur, 
which is a major contributor to harmful air pollution. 

The use of biofuel for dry bulk shipping is also promising in terms 
of reducing GHG emissions in the longer term. BHP is supporting 
the trial of second generation biofuel as an alternative fuel source 
for dry bulk vessels with the Singapore Maritime and Port Authority. 

 For more information, read our case study BHP embraces 

emissions reduction innovations in shipping industry at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

16

Our sustainability approach continued

Sustainability at our non-operated  
minerals joint ventures and petroleum  
non-operated assets
BHP holds interests in companies and joint ventures that we  
do not operate. These are described in our Annual Report 2019, 
which is available online at bhp.com.

Petroleum non-operated assets 
In our current petroleum non-operated assets, we have processes 
in place to identify and manage risks within the rights afforded by 
the respective joint operating agreements. This includes (as 
permitted by the relevant operator and/or joint operating 
arrangements) verification of risk control strategies through field 
visits, review and analysis of the operator’s performance data, 
participation in operator audits and sharing BHP risk management 
strategies and processes.

Non-operated minerals joint ventures
Our non-operated minerals joint ventures include Antamina 
(33.75 per cent ownership), Cerrejón (33.33 per cent ownership), 
Resolution (45 per cent ownership), Samarco (50 per cent 
ownership) and Nimba (45.45 per cent ownership) (NOJVs). 

Our Non-Operated Joint Ventures team engages with our non-
operated joint venture (NOJV) partners and companies and other 
relevant internal and external stakeholders, and provides a single 

point of accountability for all NOJVs within BHP. While NOJVs have 
their own operating and management standards, we encourage 
operator companies to adopt appropriate governance and risk 
management standards (within the limits of the relevant joint 
venture agreements).

We have performed BHP Field Leadership Program activities across 
various NOJV sites. These activities are designed to facilitate safe 
work discussions to identify potential safety issues, promote near 
miss and hazard reporting and to use real-time safety 
investigations to improve awareness and culture. The goal of the 
Field Leadership Program is to promote a resilient safety culture 
where employees are able to identify positive behaviours, at-risk 
behaviours and opportunities for system improvement. 

We challenge our NOJV operators to reduce the risk of water and 
air quality impacts for workers and communities, and request that 
communities are adequately consulted, informed and have access 
to appropriate complaints and grievance mechanisms. We aim to 
strengthen our NOJVs’ compliance with national regulations and 
alignment with the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework. 

More information on our NOJVs is available in our Annual Report 2019, 
available online at bhp.com.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

17

Our sustainability approach continued

Samarco

The Fundão dam failure 
On 5 November 2015, the Fundão tailings dam operated by Samarco 
Mineração S.A. (Samarco) failed. Samarco is a non-operated joint 
venture owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Limitada (BHP Billiton Brasil) 
and Vale S.A. (Vale), with each having a 50 per cent shareholding.

A significant volume of tailings (water and mud-like waste resulting 
from the iron ore beneficiation process) was released. Tragically,  
19 people died – five community members and 14 people who 
were working on the dam when it failed. The communities of Bento 
Rodrigues, Gesteira and Paracatu were flooded. A number of other 
communities further downstream in the states of Minas Gerais and 
Espírito Santo were also affected by the tailings, as was the 
environment of the Rio Doce basin.

Our response and support for  
Fundação Renova
More than three years into the recovery process, we remain 
committed to doing the right thing for the people and the 
environment in the Rio Doce region in a challenging and  
complex operating context. 

The Framework Agreement entered into between Samarco, Vale 
and BHP Billiton Brasil and the relevant Brazilian authorities in 
March 2016 established Fundação Renova, a not-for-profit, private 
foundation that has developed and is implementing 42 remediation 
and compensatory programs to restore the environment and 
re-establish affected communities. As well as remediating the 
impacts of the dam failure, Fundação Renova is implementing  
a range of compensatory actions aimed at leaving a lasting, 
positive legacy for the people and environment of the Rio Doce.

BHP is focused on supporting Fundação Renova’s operations 
through representation on the Board of Governors and Board 
Committees, making available secondees who work within 
Fundação Renova to provide their technical expertise on priority 
areas, and regular peer engagement on issues such as safety,  
risk management, human rights and compliance.

Fundação Renova
Fundação Renova’s staff of approximately 530 people is supported 
by about 6,200 contractors. Its CY2019 budget is R$3.1 billion. 

The activities of Fundação Renova are overseen by an Interfederative 
Committee comprising representatives from the Brazilian Federal 
and State Governments, local municipalities, environmental 
agencies, impacted communities and the Public Defense Office, 
who monitor, guide and assess the progress of actions agreed  
in the Framework Agreement. The Interfederative Committee  
is supported by the Technical Chambers, made up of specialists 
from the various government departments, which are established 
to assist the Interfederative Committee in the performance of its 
purpose of guiding, monitoring and supervising the execution of 
the socio-economic and socio-environmental programs managed 
by Fundação Renova. There are 11 Technical Chambers in the 
following areas: communication, participation, dialogue and  
social control; economy and innovation; social organisation and 
emergency aid; Indigenous peoples and traditional communities; 
reconstruction and infrastructure recovery; health, education, 
culture, leisure and information; conservation and biodiversity; 
tailings and environmental safety management; forestry restoration 
and water production; and water safety and quality. 

Fundação Renova is governed by a Board of Governors, currently 
comprising representatives nominated by Vale, BHP Billiton  

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

18

Monitoring of the Doce river water.

Houses being built in Bento Rodrigues.

Brasil and the Interfederative Committee. In the near term, 
representatives of impacted communities are also expected  
to join the Board of Governors. The Board of Governors appoints  
an Executive Board, including the CEO, which is responsible for  
the operational management of Fundação Renova.

Fundação Renova’s governance structure also comprises a Fiscal 
Council, Advisory Council, seven Board Committees, a Compliance 
Manager and an Ombudsman. The Advisory Council includes 
representation from impacted communities and community 
development and education experts. 

On 25 June 2018, Samarco, Vale and BHP Billiton Brasil signed  
a Governance Agreement with the other parties to the Framework 
Agreement, the Public Prosecutors Office and the Public Defense 
Office. The Governance Agreement augments the participation  
of impacted people in the decision-making process, through 
representation on both the Fundação Renova Board of Governors 
and the Interfederative Committee. 

In addition, during FY2019, a network of 18 local commissions, 
made up of affected people, was established along the Rio Doce  
to represent the affected people in the governance process for  
full reparation of the damages. 

Participants in the local commissions will be offered training by  
the technical advisers (non-profit organisations that aim to defend 
the rights of affected people, providing access to information and 
providing technical guidance) to enable them to actively participate 
in the process by submitting proposals, recommendations and 
comments on the work of the Interfederative Committee, Technical 
Chambers and Fundação Renova. Each commission should also  
be able to work with other local commissions to discuss and 
improve the results in each territory. Due to the diversity, scale  
and complexity of the programs, Fundação Renova collaborates 
and engages broadly with affected communities, scientific and 
academic institutions, regulators and civil society. 

Our sustainability approach continued

First house-building works in Bento Rodrigues.

Resettlement
One of Fundação Renova’s priority social programs is the livelihood 
restoration program to relocate and rebuild the communities of 
Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu and Gesteira. A key to the success of 
this program is the participation of affected community members, 
their technical advisers, State Prosecutors, municipal leaders, 
regulators and other interested parties. 

In Paracatu, by June 2019, all licences and authorisations to 
commence construction were granted and works to prepare  
the construction site were under way (117 houses). 

In December 2018, land was purchased for the resettlement  
of 37 families of Gesteira following a protracted negotiation  
with the landowner. The urban plan design is being designed  
with the community.

The process involves the identification and acquisition of land, 
design and planning for the urban plan, including all infrastructure 
services (roads, power, water, drainage, sewerage) and public 
buildings (schools, health centres, squares, sports grounds and 
religious buildings), and construction of new houses for the affected 
people. The resettlement project provides local employment for 
community members where possible and support to help affected 
people restore their livelihoods.

In Bento Rodrigues, preparation for construction of the public 
school has commenced and infrastructure works are progressing. 
Unfortunately, work is behind schedule due to delays in project 
engineering and in the permitting process. Fundação Renova has 
signed an agreement to provide additional resources required  
by the municipality to analyse the individual house projects for 
permitting approval. Of the 257 houses, as of June 2019, 112 
families had concluded the conceptual design of their houses  
and around 76 house projects have permits submitted to start 
construction. In June 2019, Renova signed Letters of Intent with 
two major Brazilian construction companies to undertake 
construction of the houses and infrastructure. 

In addition to these three community resettlements, 14 families 
from the rural area chose to rebuild their houses on their previous 
property, and of these, six houses have been rebuilt and delivered 
to the families.

Eighty-three families have chosen not to live in one of the three 
villages or in their previous houses. Fundação Renova is assisting 
them. Twenty-two properties have been purchased for these 
families (as of June 2019). 

Financial assistance and compensation
Fundação Renova had paid R$1.7 billion in indemnification and 
financial aid up to June 2019.

Fundação Renova has distributed about 13,160 financial assistance 
cards to those whose livelihoods were impacted by the dam failure, 
including registered and informal commercial fisherfolk who are 
unable to fish due to the imposition of fishing bans in the Rio Doce 
and along the coast of Espírito Santo. The payments are designed 
to provide those affected with the capacity to support themselves 
and their families pending the re-establishment of conditions that 
enable them to resume their economic activities. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

19

Our sustainability approach continued

Fundação Renova is also undertaking Brazil’s largest mediated 
compensation program to fairly compensate all individuals 
impacted by the dam failure. It comprises two key components:

•  The Water Damages component compensated people for  

an interruption to public water supplies for seven to 10 days 
following the dam failure. Over 268,000 people participated  
in the program, and were paid a total of approximately 
R$267 million. Between judicial and extrajudicial processes, 
about 300,000 settlements have been reached in small claims 
filed by impacted people in Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo 
requesting the payment of moral damages related to the 
shortage of public water supply.

•  The General Damages component covers all other impacts, 
including loss of life, injury, property, business impacts, loss  
of income and moral damages. The program was designed 
based on inputs from public agencies, technical entities  
and impacted families and has been validated by the 
Interfederative Committee.

Compensation represents 36 per cent of Fundação Renova’s 
budget, which is approximately R$1 billion for CY2019. 

Of the 19 fatalities, 16 families have been fully indemnified and one 
partially. The remaining two families are still in legal negotiations. 

Other socioeconomic programs
While resettlement, compensation and restoring fishing livelihoods 
are an important focus, Fundação Renova continues to implement 
a wide range of other socioeconomic programs in areas such  
as health and social protection, education, small business 
development, economic diversification, Indigenous peoples  
and traditional communities (i.e. sand-gold miners): 

•  There are two work fronts of Fundação Renova in the area of 

health: (i) conducting epidemiological and toxicological studies 
to investigate the health risk of tailings and heavy metals from 
the Doce River and to monitor the impact of dust on people’s 
lives and (ii) supporting the public management of municipalities 
by strengthening existing municipal structures, both in clinical 
care and social protection. In March 2019, more than 60 
professionals, including doctors, nurses, social workers and 
psychologists hired by Fundação Renova worked in Mariana  
and Barra Longa (Minas Gerais).

•  Fundacão Renova seeks to promote the local economy to 
stimulate the resumption of the economic activity of the 
impacted region. To promote small business development and 
economic diversification, Fundação Renova launched, amongst 
others, a fund of R$40 million, to finance micro and medium 
companies with loans ranging from R$10,000 to R$200,000.

•  Fundação Renova prioritises the local workforce in repair actions 
and in March 2019, reported that 57 per cent of people directly 
engaged or engaged via suppliers were from affected 
municipalities. Fundação Renova’s goal is for this percentage  
to stabilise at or exceed 70 per cent. 

•  Actions to protect and restore the quality of life of Indigenous 

peoples and traditional communities aim to repair and 
compensate for the social, cultural, environmental and economic 
impacts on four communities and a total of 1,600 families. Impact 
studies are being developed to be the foundation of an integrated 
development action plan to recover the livelihoods of each of 
these communities.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

20

Bento Rodrigues’ paving works.

Environmental remediation
Fundação Renova had successfully concluded works to stabilise 
the impacted land areas by June 2019. The riverbanks and 
floodplains have been vegetated, river margins have been 
stabilised and, in general, water and sediment qualities have 
returned to historic conditions. Regarding long-term remediation, 
work is continuing with landowners and regulators to define the 
land use objectives, further interventions that may be required,  
and the indicators and monitoring programs that will be used  
to demonstrate success of the program.

One of the main concerns held by stakeholders regarding the 
tailings related to the potential contamination of water, sediment, 
soil and biota. Fundação Renova commissioned human health  
and ecological risk assessment studies to answer these questions. 
Although the tailings have low concentrations of trace metals,  
the background concentrations of some elements are elevated  
in the area due to previous human activity or natural conditions.  
It is therefore important that studies are well designed and results 
clearly show the source of any potential health risks. BHP has  
been working with Fundação Renova to make sure robust data is 
collected, the correct methodologies are applied and clear causes 
for any health impacts are identified so that health authorities have 
accurate information to support their decision-making. 

Water quality, aquatic habitat and fish surveys are continuing in the 
rivers and coastal zone to understand the impact of the tailings flow 
and the rate of recovery of the ecological systems. Results from 
these studies indicate that, while sediment in the river channels 
along the spill flow path upstream of the Candonga reservoir 
continues to limit the re-establishment of habitats and aquatic fauna 
diversity and abundance, the natural sediment transport processes 
will ultimately restore suitable habitat. Methods to enhance the rate 
of habitat recovery in the upstream section of the river closest to 
the dam failure are under implementation. 

Research institutions have been progressing with studies along  
the river and coast required by regulators and prosecutors, with 
preliminary results scheduled for late 2019. In May 2019, Brazil’s 
National Sanitary Surveillance Agency (ANVISA) attested to the 
safety of the consumption of fish and crustaceans from the Doce 
River Basin and the coastal region, within daily limits of 200 grams 

Our sustainability approach continued

per adult and 50 grams per child. Given the significant impacts of 
the fishing bans on the livelihoods of commercial and subsistence 
fisherfolk and the social cohesion within their communities, 
BHP Billiton Brasil has continued providing technical support to 
Fundação Renova to accelerate the collection of data to address the 
concerns of regulators and the community. This includes analysis 
of the safety of fish for human consumption and the status of fish 
populations to support lifting of the fishing bans currently in place.

Legal proceedings
BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and BHP Billiton Brasil are 
involved in legal proceedings relating to the Samarco dam  
failure. For more information on the significant legal proceedings  
in which BHP is currently involved, refer to section 6.6 of our 
Annual Report 2019. 

Restart
While restart remains a focus and is expected to provide a positive 
effect on livelihoods in impacted communities, restart will only 
occur if it is safe, economically viable and has the support of  
the community. 

Progress on our commitments
Following the investigation into the causes of the dam failure, 
Samarco and its shareholders identified a number of specific 
actions to help prevent a similar event from occurring. The actions 
were in addition to the overall improvements we identified  
to further improve the management of our tailings dams  
(as discussed in the Tailings dams section).

Monitoring: A centralised monitoring system and control  
room with emergency warning and response protocols has  
been established for the Samarco tailings dams. Specifically 
trained personnel staff the control room 24 hours a day,  
seven days a week.

Dam decommissioning plan: Due to legislative changes in Brazil, 
Samarco is currently progressing plans for the accelerated 
decommissioning of its upstream tailings dams (the Germano  
dam complex).  Plans for the decommissioning are at an early  
stage and work is in progress on finalising the conceptual design.

Emergency drills: Emergency drills are conducted once a year, 
bringing together the communities, employees and civil defence 
to validate the efficiency of the Emergency Response Plan, so that 
all parties that may potentially be affected are aware and prepared 
to respond in case of an emergency.

Works at the Alegria Sul pit in Samarco’s Germano complex.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

21

Our sustainability approach continued

Tailings dams

Tailings dams are dynamic structures and maintaining their 
integrity requires consideration of a range of factors, including 
appropriate engineering design, quality construction, ongoing 
operating discipline and effective governance processes.

Nothing is more important than the safety of our people and 
communities. Immediately following the tragic failure of the 
Fundão dam at Samarco in 2015, the BHP Board and senior 
management initiated a dam risk review to assess the management 
of significant(1) tailings storage facilities,(2) both active and inactive. 
This review was in addition to existing review processes already 
being undertaken by our operated assets. The review, conducted 
by a combination of external tailings experts and BHP personnel, 
assessed dam design, construction, operations, emergency 
response and governance to determine the current level of risk  
and the adequacy and effectiveness of controls.

The scope of the review included:

•  significant tailings facilities across all operated assets and 

non-operated joint ventures;

•  any proposed significant tailings or water dams as part of major 

capital projects; 

•  consideration of health, safety, environmental, community and 
financial impacts associated with the failure of a tailings dam, 
including the physical impacts of climate change.

Improvement actions were assigned to address facility-specific 
findings. Our Internal Audit and Advisory team subsequently 
followed up to assess quality and completeness. These actions 
resulted in enhancements such as buttressing of dam walls and 
installation of additional instrumentation to monitor dam integrity. 
Following such findings, we have subsequently undertaken and will 
continue to undertake dam safety reviews, which provide external 
assurance statements on dam integrity. 

Improvement actions were also identified at the Group level to 
address common findings and lessons learned across the Group  
so that our approach to dam risk management could be further 
improved. As part of this, a central technical team was set up to 
enhance oversight and assurance. We also increased our investment 
in research and development to reduce and eliminate tailings 
storage risks, including research into static liquefaction failure 
mechanisms and evaluating dewatering of tailings. We are also 

Elliot Lake closed site tailings storage facility, Canada.

actively assisting the International Council on Mining and Metals 
(ICMM) Tailings Working Group to contribute to improvements in 
tailings storage management across the broader mining industry. 

Prior to the tragic collapse of the Brumadinho dam at Vale’s iron 
ore operation in Brazil in January 2019, we already had a significant 
focus on looking at how we could deliver a step change reduction 
in tailings risk. Together with our peers across the resource sector, 
Brumadinho further strengthened our resolve to collaborate to 
reduce tailings risk by sharing and implementing best practice.  
As well as implementing a comprehensive tailings governance  
plan, we established an internal Tailings Taskforce team reporting 
to the Executive Leadership Team and the Board’s Sustainability 
Committee. The Taskforce is accountable for the continued 
improvement and assurance of our operated tailings storage 
facilities, progressing the development of technology to improve 
tailings management storage, and engaging in the setting of new 
international tailings management standards. BHP continues to 
review our approach to tailings management as information on  
the causes of the Brumadinho dam failure come to light, and will 
continue to consider any industry guidance, standards and 
regulation as they emerge.

We welcome a common, international and independent body to 
oversee integrity of construction and operation of all tailings 
storage facilities across the industry. In addition, we support calls 
for greater transparency in tailings management and plan to work 
with community, regulatory and financial stakeholders to promote 
the application of consistent disclosure that informs better tailings 
dam stewardship.

Dam risk management
BHP’s approach to dam risk management at our operated dams  
is integrated into our standard approach to risk management, 
assurance and continuous improvement with particular focus  
on four key areas:

1.  Maintenance of dam integrity; 
2.  Governance of dam facilities; 
3.  Monitoring, surveillance and review; 
4.  Emergency preparedness and response.

Supporting this approach to dam risk management at our operated 
assets are Group-wide processes of technical support and oversight. 

Escondida tailings storage facility, Chile.

(1)  Significance was determined as part of the review process taking account of the dam classification under the Canadian Dam Association and/or the Australian National 

Committee on Large Dams for both active and inactive facilities.

(2)  A tailings storage facility could comprise multiple dams or cells that have: a contiguous, structurally similar interconnected wall, operated under the same tailings disposal 

regime, are interdependent for stability, of similar height and risk profile.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

22

Our sustainability approach continued

Maintenance of dam integrity
Central to our approach is the recognition that maintaining dam 
integrity is a process of continuous assessment that needs to be 
maintained for the life (including into closure and post-closure)  
of a tailings facility. As a result, we have identified five key 
dimensions to maintaining dam integrity:

1.  Design – the basis of dam design is guided by design criteria 

specified through the Australian National Committee on Large 
Dams (ANCOLD), the Canadian Dam Association (CDA) and 
local regulation, taking account of dam classification;

2.  Construction – quality assurance and quality control across  
all construction phases (from initial construction to dam lifts/
expansions during operation to closure and post closure);
3.  Operations and maintenance – operating and maintaining  

the dam in accordance with its design requirements;

4.  Change management – identifying, assessing and mitigating 
the impacts of any changes on dam design and integrity; 
5.  Monitoring, surveillance and review – ensuring the dam  

is functioning as intended.

Governance of dam facilities
We believe that effective governance encompasses a range  
of aspects from the management of change in our business  
to appropriately employing and enabling qualified personnel  
with clear accountabilities.

We have mandated three key roles across our operated assets, 
accountable to the Asset General Manager of the relevant asset:

•  Dam Owner – the single point of accountability for maintaining 
effective governance and integrity of the tailings storage facility 
throughout its life cycle;

•  Responsible Dam Engineer – a suitably qualified BHP individual 
accountable for maintaining overall engineering stewardship  
of the facility, including planning, operation, surveillance  
and maintenance; 

•  Engineer of Record – an independent, suitably qualified 
professional engineer retained by the Dam Owner for the 
purpose of maintaining dam design, certifying dam integrity  
and supporting the Dam Owner and the Responsible Dam 
Engineer on any other matters of a technical nature.

Monitoring, surveillance and review
Given tailings dams are dynamic structures, we believe effective 
monitoring, surveillance and review is central to ongoing dam 
integrity and governance. We believe these processes span six 
dimensions, with the level of utilisation of each dimension being 
dependent on the specific needs of the relevant facility. These six 
dimensions include:

1.  Monitoring systems – operating in real time or periodically;
2.  Routine surveillance – undertaken by operators;
3.  Dam inspections – more detailed inspections undertaken 

periodically by the Responsible Dam Engineer;

4.  Dam safety inspections – annual inspections undertaken by  
the external Engineer of Record reviewing aspects across  
both dam integrity and governance;

5.  Dam safety reviews – conducted by an external third party  

as set out below; 

6.  Tailings review or Stewardship Boards(1) – a panel of qualified 
independent individuals established, whose capability is 
commensurate with dam significance, under specific terms  
of reference to review aspects such as the current status  
of the dam; any proposed design changes; and outcomes  
of any inspections or dam safety reviews. The review board  
is approved by and accountable to the asset General Manager.

The type and frequency of monitoring, surveillance and review  
is informed by the consequence classification, complexity and 
operational status of the dam. Dams that are likely to have  
a greater level of consequence, as a result of failure, that have 
greater technical complexity and that are actively operating  
will have monitoring, surveillance and reviews with greater  
rigour and frequency.

Dam safety reviews
Dam safety reviews are central to our approach to dam integrity 
and continuous improvement. We engage an external engineer  
to undertake dam safety reviews consistent with the guidance 
provided by the CDA in their 2016 Technical Bulletin on Dam Safety 
Reviews. As per this guidance, review frequency is informed by  
the dam classification under the CDA.

Dam safety reviews are detailed processes that include a thorough 
review of dam integrity, dam governance and include a review of 
the dam break assessment and dam consequence classification. 
Reviews are led by an external qualified professional engineer 
(selected for their appropriate level of education, training and 
experience), with support and input from other technical 
specialists from fields that may include, for example, hydrology, 
geochemistry, seismicity, geotechnical and mechanical. At the 
conclusion of the review, the qualified professional engineer 
provides a signed assurance statement, which includes a comment 
as to the integrity of the facility.

Emergency preparedness and response
We believe the final key element in our approach to dam risk 
management is emergency preparedness and response. Our 
approach to emergency response planning for our tailings facilities 
is designed to be commensurate with risk, with the following steps 
taken as appropriate given the risk:

•  identifying and monitoring stability and operating conditions, 
with thresholds that prompt preventive or remedial action;

•  assessing and mapping the potential impacts from a hypothetical, 

significant failure, including infrastructure, communities and 
environment, both on and offsite, regardless of probability; 

•  establishing procedures to assist operations personnel 

responding to emergency conditions at the dam; 

•  testing and training in emergency preparedness ranges from 
desktop exercises to full-scale simulations. Desktop and field 
drills are scheduled at a frequency commensurate with the  
level of risk of the facility.

(1)  BHP assesses the dam classification, risk and operational circumstances in determining whether to empanel a tailings review or Stewardship Board. Not all facilities will have 

tailings reviews or Stewardship Boards. Tailings reviews or Stewardship Boards are either in place or in the process of being established for our operated assets with very high 
and extreme classified tailings facilities.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

23

Our sustainability approach continued

BHP’s operated and non-operated  
tailings portfolio
The following classifications align to the CDA classification  
system. It is important to note that the classification is based  
on the modelled, hypothetical most significant failure mode  
and consequences possible without controls, and not on the 
current physical stability of the dam. It is also important to note 
that it is possible for dam classifications to change over time,  
for example, following changes to the operating context of a dam. 
As such, this data represents the status of the portfolio as at May 
2019. The dam classification informs the design, surveillance and 
review components of risk management and, therefore, dams that 
will likely have a greater level of consequence as a result of failure 
will have more rigorous requirements than dams that will have  
a lesser level of consequence.

In total, we have 67 tailings facilities(1) at our operated assets,  
29 of which are of upstream design. Of the 67 operated facilities, 
we have five classified as extreme and a further 16 classified as very 
high. Thirteen of our operated facilities are active. The substantial 
inactive portfolio (54) at our operated assets is due largely to  
the number of historic tailings facilities associated with our  
North American legacy assets portfolio.

There are nine tailings facilities at our non-operated joint ventures. 
All non-operated facilities are located in the Americas. There are 
two active tailings facilities: Antamina in Peru, which is of 
downstream/centreline construction and Cantor TSF at Cerrejón  
in Colombia, which is of downstream construction. In addition, 
there are seven inactive facilities. These include: two upstream 
facilities at Samarco (Germano) in Brazil that are being 
decommissioned following the February 2019 rulings by the 
Brazilian Government on upstream dams in Brazil; three upstream 
inactive facilities and one inactive modified centreline facility  
at Resolution Copper in the United States; and one downstream 
inactive facility at Bullmoose in Canada. The highest classification 
facilities, rated as extreme, are the downstream facility at  
Antamina and the upstream Germano facilities at Samarco. 

More information on dams and tailings is available online at bhp.com. 

Classification 
of operated 
tailings facilities (2)(3)(4)

Types of operated 
tailings facilities

Operational status 
of operated 
tailings facilities

Low 20

Significant 13

High 11

Very high 16

Extreme 5

N/A 2

Upstream 29

Centreline 8

Downstream 16

Other(5) 14

Inactive 54(6)

Active 13

(1)  The number of tailings storage facilities is based on the definition agreed to by the ICMM Tailings Advisory Group. 
(2)  The following classifications align to the CDA classification system. It is important to note that the classification is based on the modelled, hypothetical most significant failure 

mode and consequences possible without controls, and not on the current physical stability of the dam.

(3)  For the purposes of this chart, ANCOLD and other classifications have been converted to their CDA equivalent. Hamburgo and Island Copper tailings facilities are  

not considered dams and are, therefore, not subject to classification: Hamburgo TSF at Escondida is an inactive facility where tailings were deposited into a natural  
depression; and Island Copper TSF in Canada, acquired in the 1980s, is also an inactive facility. Tailings at Island Copper were deposited in the ocean under an approved  
licence and environmental impact assessment. This historic practice ceased in the 1990s. We have since committed to not dispose of mine waste rock or tailings in river  
or marine environments. 

(4)  These classifications align to the CDA classification system and reflect the modelled, hypothetical most significant failure mode and consequences possible without controls, 

and not the current physical stability of the dam.

(5)  Other includes dams of a design that combines upstream, downstream and centerline, and the two non-dam tailings facilities of Hamburgo TSF in Chile and Island Copper  

TSF in Canada.

(6)  Inactive includes facilities not in operational use, under reclamation, reclaimed, closed and/or in post-closure care and maintenance.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

24

Health  
and safety

Our highest priority is the health 
and safety of those impacted by  
our operations, including our 
employees and contractors,  
and the communities in which  
we operate. Protecting the health 
and wellbeing of our workforce  
is vital to our business.

In this section:
Our safety performance
Contractor safety
High occupancy vehicles
Security, Crisis and Emergency Management,  
and Business Continuity plans
Occupational illness
Occupational exposures
Coal mine dust lung diseases
Mental health

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

25

Health and safety

Safety
Our highest priority is the safety of our operations, including our employees and contractors and the 
communities in which we operate. We achieve nothing if we do not do it safely. 

Tragically, one of our colleagues died at work on 31 December 2018. 
Allan Houston suffered fatal injuries while he was operating a dozer 
at BHP Mitsubishi Alliance’s Saraji Mine. After a thorough 
investigation, we could not determine the direct cause of the 
incident. However, we identified several areas for improvement 
and are actively sharing the learnings from the investigation 
throughout our operations, with contract partners and the broader 
resources industry. 

On 5 November 2018, Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) 
experienced a train rollaway event. There were no injuries as  
our team at Train Control intentionally derailed the train at a time  
when it was considered the safest to do so. Post the incident and 
before rail operations recommenced, we implemented additional 
procedures to help prevent a similar event from re-occurring. 

In FY2019, we established new requirements for engaging and 
managing contractors. The contractor safety requirements  
were rolled out across BHP and assurance programs have  
been established to monitor and verify the implementation  
of the requirements. 

To strengthen our safety leadership and culture, we are educating 
our people about chronic unease, that is, being mindful of the 
possibility of what could go wrong, and creating a culture where  
it is safe to speak up and report hazards and incidents. One of  
the objectives of our global Field Leadership Program is to 
strengthen the reporting culture. We monitor reporting culture 
across all our operations and coach and support our leaders  
to improve the quality of our field leadership activities with our 
employees and contractors. 

We also introduced a new event management system for recording 
health, safety, environmental and community events. The system  
is designed to capture, analyse and track events in real time and 
will be implemented in FY2020.

We continue to play a key role in supporting the International 
Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) in its development and 
delivery of the Innovation for Cleaner, Safer Vehicles initiative  
that promotes cleaner and safer mining vehicles. Our CEO  
Andrew Mackenzie is the Chair of the ICMM Advisory Council  
for this initiative. 
and safer mining vehicles at bhp.com/community/case-studies. 

 Read our case study Towards cleaner, greener 

Safety incident investigations

BHP has a goal of zero work-related fatalities. During FY2019, 
we continued to improve investigation processes, leadership 
and culture to effectively embed the lessons from safety 
incidents across our business. 

We prioritise near misses and injuries with fatality potential for 
in-depth investigation and appoint those with investigation 
expertise to facilitate and lead these investigations. Senior 
leaders are actively involved in leading high potential incident 
investigations, providing them with an opportunity to learn 
through practice, which we believe will positively impact their 
ability to share lessons and influence learning across their 
existing leadership networks and routines.

Organisational, cultural and leadership factors are examined  
to understand whether they have contributed to an incident.  
A repository of investigation findings from across the Group  
is available to our people, with investigation findings presented 
in a standard format that can be filtered and searched. 

In FY2019, we improved the quality of investigations and 
established a network of investigation facilitators across the 
Group. We will also investigate positive safety performance 
and apply those lessons where applicable across the Group. 

Our safety performance 
Total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) performance increased  
by 7 per cent to 4.7 per million hours worked, compared to  
4.4 in FY2018. This was due to an increase in injuries in both 
Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas. 

High potential injuries declined by 7 per cent from FY2018 due  
to reductions at WAIO, Olympic Dam and Potash; the frequency 
rate declined by 18 per cent. High potential injury trends remain  
a primary focus to assess progress against our most important 
safety objective: to eliminate fatalities.

Total recordable injury frequency
Per million hours worked

5.0

4.0

3.0

2.0

1.0

0.0

4.1

4.3

4.2

4.4

4.7

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2015 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.  
FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to  
28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

26

Health and safety continued

Workplace fatalities (FY2010–FY2019)

6

5

4

3

2

1

0

5

2

3

3

0

5

0

1

2

1

FY2010

FY2011

FY2012

FY2013

FY2014

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2014 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.  
FY2019 data includes data for Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets)  
to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.

High potential injury events(1)

100

80

60

40

20

0

88

61

54

50

FY2016

FY2017

 FY2018(2)

FY2019(3) 

(1)   High potential injuries (HPI) are recordable injuries and first aid cases where there 
was the potential for a fatality. FY2016 to FY2018 HPI data includes Continuing  
and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). 

(2)  FY2018 data has been adjusted due to the reclassification of an event after  

the reporting period.

(3)  FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets)  

to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations. 

We continuously improve our programs under our global safety 
priorities established in FY2016 and our focus remains on:

•  reinforcing that safety comes before productivity;
•  in-field verification of material and fatal risks through embedding 

our Field Leadership Program;

•  enhancing our internal investigation process and widely sharing 

and applying lessons;

•  enabling additional quality field time to engage our workforce.

In FY2019, we focused on improving critical control design and 
performance (controls that alone or in conjunction with other 
controls significantly reduce the likelihood and/or impact of 
material risks) and continued to remove people from sources  
of danger through standardised work and new technologies.  
We increased the quality of our global safety incident 
investigations, with the focus on better organisational learning.  
The Field Leadership Program remains one of our core leadership 
activities as we build the quality of engagements in the field. 

Hazard identification and reporting continued to be a priority  
given a healthy reporting culture provides us with the signals  
to urgently and swiftly respond. This will be supported by  
a new incident management system and process that will  
be implemented in FY2020.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

27

Field Leadership Program
Leaders spending time in the field is vital to maintaining safe 
operations. Through our Field Leadership Program, leaders from all 
levels of BHP spend time in the field engaging with employees and 
contractors about safety. They are also responsible for verifying 
fatality risk controls that are behavioural in nature and ensuring 
that elements of our Health, Safety and Environment management 
system are working as intended. Through this engagement we 
identify positive behaviours, at-risk behaviours and opportunities 
for system improvements. 

The Field Leadership Program was deployed with a Group-wide 
common approach in FY2019. This included common training  
and a system to support the recording of field leadership  
activities. Over the past two years, more than two million field 
leadership activities with our employees and contractors have 
been completed, which continues to highlight how well this 
program has been embedded into our daily leadership routines. 
We monitor field leadership participation and coaching in all 
operations, which has supported continual improvement and 
embedment of the program. 

During FY2019, field leadership work focused on: 

•  embedding field leadership activities with operational leaders  

in each asset; 

•  identifying and analysing critical control failures and 

implementing improvement plans;

•  completing actions to address critical control failure.

We introduced the following lead indicators for field leadership  
to track the quality and further enhance the program. These 
indicators formed part of the performance scorecard for our 
executives in FY2019 and included:

•  increasing field leadership coaching activities;
•  identifying and analysing critical control failures and 

implementing improvement plans;

•  ensuring all risks that have behavioural controls are covered  

and completing the field leadership activities to plan;

•  timely completion of actions to address critical control failures.

Contractor safety
The last seven fatalities at our operations involved contractors  
or subcontractors. This brought into sharp focus the issue of 
contractor safety, given our 40,000 contractors comprise around 
two-thirds of our workforce, and precipitated significant changes 
to the way we engage and manage contractors. 

Global contractor safety requirements now form an integral part of 
the Our Requirements for Safety standard and are based on lessons 
from previous fatalities at BHP. The standard guides leaders on how 
they can effectively help to keep contractors and subcontractors 
safe while at work. In addition, assurance activities from frontline 
leaders and Internal Audit and Advisory team audits have been 
implemented to monitor, verify and improve contractor safety.

The next phase of this work is to integrate the following guiding 
principles into our contractor management:

•  inclusive culture – contractors and BHP employees are treated 

and operate as one team;

•  mutually beneficial relationships – we actively work to develop 

long-term relationships with our contractors; 

•  simple processes and systems – our processes and systems  

are fit-for-purpose and deliver a simpler, safer user experience.

Health and safety continued

High occupancy vehicles
We transport employees and contractors in high occupancy 
vehicles every day, which presents a high potential material  
risk exposure for the Group.

We also continue to actively work with the National Road Safety 
Program Partnership, which is part of the Australia Road Research 
Board. A working group with participants from organisations 
across a number of business sectors has been established to 
develop and implement strategies to better manage and monitor 
high occupancy vehicles. 

Security, Crisis and Emergency Management,  
and Business Continuity Plans
We updated the Our Requirements for Security, Crisis and 
Emergency Management, and Business Continuity Plans standard 
in FY2019. New requirements were introduced for security 
management, including the designation of a single point of 
accountability for security management and the use of approved 
security specialists. The requirements also provide guidance on 
when to undertake security risk assessments and when to prepare 
security management plans. In addition, the standard includes 
guidance on how to set up response teams and provide crisis  
and emergency management training.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

28

Health and safety continued

Health
Our goal is to protect the health and wellbeing of our workforce from potential occupational injury,  
now and into the future, through the setting of clear requirements for our operations. 

We set minimum mandatory controls to identify and manage 
health risks for our employees and contractors. Our workplace 
health risks include occupational exposures to noise, silica, diesel 
particulate matter (DPM), coal mine dust, musculoskeletal stressors 
and mental health impacts. The effectiveness of our health controls 
is regularly reviewed and subjected to periodic audit to verify the 
controls are implemented and operating as designed.

We continue to monitor emerging health issues and trends through 
our membership of industry and professional associations, informal 
benchmarking, networking and participation in national and 
international conferences. We also monitor information from 
scientific journals, occupational health regulatory setting and 
advisory agencies. 

Fatigue management supports the wellbeing of our people, 
including their mental and physical health. We have reviewed  
our fatigue management strategy to identify areas that require 
further focus. In FY2020, we will evaluate factors that contribute  
to the risk of fatigue during shift work to identify opportunities to 
further control potential causes of fatigue. Shift work that involves 
circadian disruption is under review by the International Agency  
for Research on Cancer and outcomes from the evaluation will  
be used to inform potential updates to our health requirements.

We set internally specified occupational exposure limits (OELs)  
to manage exposures to DPM, silica, coal mine dust and other 
potentially harmful agents. For our most material exposures,  
our process to set those OELs involves periodic monitoring  
and evaluation of scientific literature, benchmarking against  
peers as well as engagement with regulators, OEL-setting agencies 
and expert independent advice. Our approach to monitor and 
review our internal OELs is designed to ensure they continue  
to be aligned with, or are more conservative than, applicable 
regulated health limits. 

Our periodic medical surveillance programs help us support early 
identification of potential occupational exposure illness and enable 
us to assist our people through illness management and recovery. 
In FY2019, we established key performance indicators that require 
a 90 per cent adherence to schedule for health surveillance 
activities, achieving 79 to 100 per cent across the Group.  
We also reviewed our medical testing programs through internal  
and external benchmarking with industry peers and standards. 
Improvement opportunities identified from the review are 
expected to be evaluated and the implementation of endorsed 
recommendations are expected to commence in FY2020,  
along with plans to further increase adherence to planned 
surveillance activities.

In line with Our Charter and our culture of care, we support  
the proactive management of mental wellbeing through the 
provision and promotion of the Employee Assistance Program 
(EAP), a mental health toolkit called Thrive, education and 
awareness campaigns, including stigma reduction and the  
BHP Resilience Program.

Occupational illness
Employee occupational illness
Per million hours worked

6

5

4

3

2

1

0

0.36

1.52

0.73

0.66

0.51

0.72

2.55

1.75

2.48

2.71

3.05

1.75

1.48

1.19

1.11

FY2015

FY2016

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

Noise-induced hearing loss 
Musculoskeletal illness
Other illnesses

FY2015 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.  
FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to  
31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.

The incidence of employee occupational illness in FY2019 was  
4.38 per million hours worked, an increase of 5 per cent compared 
with FY2018. The reported incidence of contractor occupational 
illness was 1.62 per million hours worked, a decrease of 16 per cent 
compared with FY2018. The overall decrease in contractor illnesses 
was predominantly driven by the 23 per cent increase in hours 
worked in FY2019. We do not have full oversight of the incidence  
of contractor noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) cases in many 
parts of BHP due to regulatory regimes and limited access to data. 
We continue to work with our contractors and regulatory agencies 
to resolve these issues.

The majority of our reported occupational illnesses are 
musculoskeletal illness. The improved identification and more 
effective control of causes of musculoskeletal stressors will be 
supported by the progressive implementation of the Standardised 
Work program. Standardised Work is a key foundational tool of  
the BHP Operating System that seeks to empower individuals to 
design work in a way that supports efficiency and ergonomics, 
where health and other risks are identified, and enables additional 
controls to be identified and incorporated.

Our continued focus on implementing our requirements for fit 
testing for hearing protection devices has supported a 6.7 per cent 
reduction in NIHL illness rate. 

We have seen an increase in the number of other illnesses reported, 
which include short-term, low-impact conditions such as blisters, 
skin conditions (dermatitis/eczema), bites and stings, due to a 
small increase in cases across most Minerals Australia operations. 

The dermatitis/eczema cases arose from different work locations 
across Olympic Dam and could be attributed to the continued 
education campaign on the prevention and management of  
skin conditions, which encourages early reporting of signs  
and symptoms. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

29

Health and safety continued

To a lesser extent, the increase was also driven by increases in 
mental stress conditions and heat stress cases at Olympic Dam in 
South Australia. These conditions are currently captured as ‘other 
illnesses’ but, with our strong focus on mental health, we plan to 
establish a stand-alone category for ‘mental stress conditions’ in 
FY2020. Across the Group, mental stress conditions continue to  
be reported in low numbers and the number of cases were not 
significantly different to FY2018. Through the BHP Mental Health 
Framework, we continue to seek to foster a work environment 
where our people feel comfortable to raise their experience of 
mental stress and to access appropriate support when needed.

Occupational exposures
For our most material exposures to DPM, silica and coal mine dust, 
we have committed to a five-year target to achieve a 50 per cent 
reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed(1) as 
compared to our baseline exposure profile (as at 30 June 2017(2)) 
by 30 June 2022. 

In Petroleum, the divestment of our Onshore US assets during 
FY2019 changed the exposure profile for the region as workplace 
exposures to silica and DPM are no longer present. Our baseline 
exposure profile for the Group for the five-year target was therefore 
adjusted to remove the baseline exposures attributed to the 
Onshore US assets.

In FY2019, planned exposure reduction projects were implemented 
across the Group, involving a collaborative effort from operational 
and maintenance teams, supported by the Health, Safety and 
Environment, Supply and Technology teams. Many assets exceeded 
planned exposure reductions, resulting in an overall reduction  
of 49(3) per cent compared to the revised FY2017 baseline. Planned 
growth projects across the Group may result in an increase in some 
potential exposures over the short term; however, commitments  
to achieve planned exposure reductions over the five-year target 
period remain unchanged.

In Minerals Americas, silica exposure reduction projects were 
successfully implemented at our Escondida and Pampa Norte 
assets in Chile. This included the installation of dust collection units 
within ore concentrator plants at Escondida and the installation  
of a central vacuum system to reduce dust exposure during plant 
maintenance activities at Pampa Norte’s Spence mine. Design 
changes to the conveyor belt transfer and discharge areas were 
also introduced at Spence to further reduce dust release and 
potential exposures.

Across Minerals Australia, all assets contributed to the reduction  
in silica exposures. The main factors that influenced the reduction 
in silica exposures included:

•  developing and implementing control plans to reduce airborne 
dust generated from surfaces and environmental conditions; 
using engineered water spray systems on hoppers and conveyers; 
introducing intelligent cabin pressurisation systems; eliminating 
where practical the use of compressed air for cleaning; and 
improving maintenance strategies;

•  increasing task rotation through organisational changes and 

movement into areas of higher-grade ore; 

•  additional monitoring and re-baselining as part of the FY2019 
silica exposure assessment, which identified a number of 
workgroups exposed below the OEL.

Projects focused on reducing silica exposure will continue in 
FY2020 in Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas. In FY2019,  
pilot studies commenced at Escondida (Chile) and BMA’s 
Broadmeadow mine (Queensland) to install and test real-time 
monitoring equipment for silica in Escondida and DPM and coal 
mine dust in Broadmeadow as a method to support targeted 
exposure assessment and verify exposure controls. The pilots  
will continue in FY2020 and findings will inform subsequent 
application of the technology into other operations.

An overall reduction in DPM exposures in Minerals Australia was 
achieved due to the implementation of control plans at Olympic 
Dam (South Australia) and Nickel West (Western Australia).  
Olympic Dam continued to replace or retrofit equipment with 
diesel particulate filters, which enabled a reduction in exposure  
for mine production workers. Nickel West continued to replace  
end of life fleet with Tier 4 engine equipment, changed equipment 
maintenance schedules based on diesel particulate emissions  
and introduced improvements to the management of secondary 
ventilation. BMA’s Broadmeadow mine continued to implement 
DPM exposure reduction controls, including engine upgrades  
to underground loaders. Both Olympic Dam and Broadmeadow 
continue to participate in a light electric vehicle pilot as a potential 
opportunity to further reduce DPM exposures and other emissions. 

 Read more in our case study Light electric vehicles in 
underground pilot at bhp.com/community/case-studies.

Through the continued implementation of exposure control plans 
for coal mine dust, there were no workers exposed over the OEL  
at the end of FY2019.

In addition to these exposure reduction projects, BHP continues  
to play a key role in supporting the ICMM in its development and 
delivery of the Innovation for Cleaner, Safer Vehicles initiative that 
promotes technological innovation to reduce emissions of DPM 
and greenhouse gases and reduce vehicle interactions (and the 
associated safety risk). Our CEO Andrew Mackenzie is the Chair  
of the ICMM Advisory Council for this initiative, with a number  
of BHP employees leading or participating in key working groups.  
The strong alignment and common ambition between ICMM 
member companies and Original Equipment Manufacturers 
represents an important change in partnership and collaboration, 
which will help accelerate delivery of the technology required for  
a safer and cleaner world. 

Coal mine dust lung diseases
In our Sustainability Report for FY2017, we reported on the 
re-identification of coal workers’ pneumoconiosis (CWP) in our 
industry, the number of our current employees and former  
workers who had been diagnosed with CWP and the steps  
we had taken in response. 

As at 30 June 2019, 10 cases of coal mine dust lung diseases 
(CMDLD(4)) among our current employees were reported to the 
Queensland Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy. 
We continue to provide counselling, medical support and 
redeployment options (where relevant) for all 10 colleagues  
(seven of the 10 have been able to continue working). 

(1)  For exposures exceeding our baseline occupational exposure limits discounting the use of personal protective equipment, where required.
(2)  The baseline exposure profile is derived through a combination of quantitative exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by specialist occupational 

hygienists consistent with best practice as defined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association.

(3)  FY2019 data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).
(4)  CMDLD is the name given to the lung diseases related to exposure to coal mine dust and includes CWP, silicosis, mixed dust pneumoconiosis and chronic obstructive 

pulmonary disease. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

30

Health and safety continued

During FY2019, one former BHP employee had a worker’s 
compensation claim accepted for CMDLD, resulting in a total,  
as at 30 June 2019, of six former workers diagnosed with CMDLD 
since January 2016 (noting that no Australian coal mine worker  
had been diagnosed with CMDLD in the preceding two decades). 
In addition to these confirmed cases, as at 30 June 2019, there were 
six intimated worker’s compensation claims for CMDLD from 
current and former employees that had not yet been determined. 
Our Charter values guide our response and the support we offer, 
and we are actively reviewing how we can improve timeframes  
and processes for determination of claims.

To further protect the health of our people we remain committed to: 

•  a reduction in our coal mine dust OEL from 2 mg/m3 to 1.5 mg/m3 
to be achieved as soon as reasonably practicable and no later 
than 1 July 2020 (as compared with the regulatory OEL of  
2.5 mg/m3), noting that all operations have developed exposure 
reduction plans;

•  a reduction in potential exposure to silica in coal mine workers 

that exceeds a level 50 per cent lower than the current regulatory 
level by no later than 1 July 2021. 

To strengthen the regulatory framework and health surveillance 
system, we will continue to provide input and share improvements 
in technical knowledge and controls with the Queensland 
Government and the coal mining industry more broadly through 
industry associations and working groups.

We believe that our stricter OELs combined with the statutory 
health surveillance scheme will prevent serious disabling and fatal 
cases of CMDLD arising in our workforce from existing conditions.  
We achieved this through the combination of further reductions  
in coal mine dust and silica potential exposures across our 
operations (driven by our current five-year exposure reduction 
targets and reductions in OELs, as described earlier) and the 
statutory health surveillance schemes in Queensland and  
New South Wales.

Mental health
BHP has prioritised the mental health of our people since 2015.  
We have subsequently made good progress with the 
implementation of our Group-wide Mental Health Framework.  
We have focused on reducing the stigma associated with mental 
illness and raising awareness of mental health conditions, as well 
as building capacity and confidence to recognise and support 
individuals experiencing mental health issues. 

In FY2019, we continued to embed programs and resources that 
support a healthy, thriving workforce. This included the peer-led 
Resilience Program in which 3,392 people had participated,  
as at the end of FY2019. 

We held a workshop with our Human Resources function and 
external representatives from Beyondblue, Keil Centre, and BSS 
(one of our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) providers) and 
benchmarked companies to discuss strategies to embed existing 
resources and inform our five-year mental health and wellbeing 
strategy. The workshop reinforced the need to continue to 
promote existing resources. This led to the development of the 
Resilience Program meeting series and program refresher session 
materials, which can be built into existing team routines.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

31

We launched the inaugural BHP Mental Health Week to raise 
awareness of BHP’s mental health resources and tools, and 
encourage conversations about mental health. By leveraging the 
existing communication platforms across our operations and offices, 
we sparked conversations about how to check in with colleagues, 
highlighted strategies to manage stress, pressure and working away 
from home, and raised awareness about the EAP support options. 

Proactive use of our EAP continues to be promoted across all our 
operating regions and functions. Online and face-to-face EAP 
sessions were offered across our sites to increase awareness of the 
counselling services and manager assistance program, as well as 
information sessions on how to support longer term wellbeing.

Our people supported World Mental Health Day and R U OK? Day 
and we again embarked on a global Movember campaign to raise 
awareness and funds (A$396,954 as of 30 June 2019) for key men’s 
health issues, including mental health and suicide prevention.  
BHP was the highest fundraising organisation within the mining 
challenge that supported the CY2018 campaign, contributing to the 
Movember Foundation’s programs and research into men’s health. 

We conducted a global mental health risk assessment with internal 
and external stakeholders to identify critical parts of our Mental 
Health Framework that promote a supportive work environment. 
The Western Australian Government released the Code of Practice 
on mentally healthy workplaces for fly in, fly out workers in the 
resources and construction sectors. The outcomes from the risk 
assessment and our review of the Code of Practice will help to 
inform and strengthen our long-term mental health strategy.

FY2019 was the third year that the wellbeing category was included 
in our annual Engagement and Perception Survey. There was  
no change overall at the Group level, but we continue to evaluate 
the differences at the asset and function levels from the previous  
year’s results to inform local plans.

We will continue to better integrate all BHP priorities that contribute 
to mental health, such as diversity and inclusion, flexible work 
options and the strengthening of leadership awareness and skills. 

 For more on how we are addressing fatigue when working  
at altitude, read our case study New program tackles fatigue  
at Escondida at bhp.com/community/case-studies.

Environment 

We focus on minimising and 
mitigating our impact on water, 
land, air quality and biodiversity, 
and working with stakeholders  
on effective solutions to complex 
environmental challenges.

In this section:
Minimising environmental impacts
Our environmental performance
Contributing to a resilient environment

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

32

Environment

We acknowledge that the nature of our operations can have significant environmental impacts. There is 
growing pressure on and competition for environmental resources, such as land, biodiversity, water and air. 
Climate change amplifies the sensitivities of our natural systems. Our operations and growth strategy depend 
on obtaining and maintaining the right to access these environmental resources. The long-term health of  
our business depends on a sustainable natural environment. BHP’s approach to environmental stewardship  
is twofold – we aim to minimise the environmental impacts from our activities and work in partnership with 
others to contribute to a resilient environment.

Minimising environmental impacts
In line with Our Charter, we seek to minimise impacts throughout 
every stage of our operations. BHP has comprehensive governance, 
risk management, policies and processes that set the basis for how 
we manage risk and realise opportunities to achieve our 
environmental objectives. 

Protecting threatened environments
We are committed to avoiding areas where the risk of impacts  
on threatened environments from resource extraction would  
be too great. Our commitments are:

•  We do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries  

of World Heritage-listed properties.

•  We do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World 
Heritage-listed properties, unless the proposed activity is 
compatible with the World Heritage outstanding universal values.

•  We do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to  
the boundaries of the International Union for Conservation of 
Nature (IUCN) Protected Areas Categories I to IV, unless a plan  
is implemented that meets regulatory requirements, takes into 
account stakeholder expectations and contributes to the values 
for which the Protected Area is listed.

•  We do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to 

ecosystems that could result in the extinction of an IUCN Red  
List Threatened Species in the wild.

•  We do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river  

or marine environment.

The mitigation hierarchy
We aim to operate and invest to avoid adverse impacts on the 
environment and communities in which we operate. We work with 
affected stakeholders to mitigate impacts and contribute to 
environmental resilience where impacts cannot be avoided.  
Our assets are required to put in place controls and plans that 
reflect the mitigation hierarchy, an approach that helps us to 
minimise, and if necessary, compensate for potential environmental 
impacts. Steps one and two of the hierarchy – avoid and mitigate 
– seek to prevent adverse impacts as far as possible. Steps three 
and four – rehabilitate and compensate – seek to reduce the effect 
of those impacts that cannot be avoided.

Avoid

Mitigate

Rehabilitate

Compensate

Avoid negative 
impacts to the 
environment 
within our area 
of influence.

Minimise the 
severity of any 
unavoidable 
impact.

Rehabilitate 
disturbed 
areas that are 
no longer 
required for 
operational 
purposes, 
including 
closed mines.

Implement 
appropriate, 
effective and 
enduring 
compensatory 
measures for 
any residual 
impacts.

 Read how we are applying the mitigation hierarchy to new 
projects with our case study Protecting ghost bats in the Pilbara. 

Environmental management 
BHP’s environmental performance and management of 
environmental impacts on communities where we operate are 
critical to creating social value. BHP’s approach to environmental 
management is set out in the Our Requirements for Environment 
and Climate Change and Our Requirements for Risk Management 
standards. These standards have been designed taking account  
of the ISO management system requirements, such as ISO14001 
for Environmental Management. The Our Requirements standards 
include specific minimum performance standards in a number  
of areas. In FY2019, we began updating the Our Requirements  
for Environment and Climate Change standard to reflect recent 
changes in BHP’s Risk Framework and other Our Requirements 
standards, new Technical Standards for water and our evolving 
climate change and water stewardship programs.

Our internal audit processes check compliance with the Our 
Requirements standards, which are designed to cover operating 
sites at our assets on a two-year rotation.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

33

Environment continued

Our environmental performance
Outlined below is our progress in the past year against our 
five-year and longer term environmental targets for water and 
biodiversity, as well as other key environmental stewardship 
activities. We also progressed our global strategy on water 
stewardship and actions in each of the strategy pillars, set out 
below and in more detail in the Water section. To achieve these 
targets, we identify and implement on-ground improvement 
projects, investigate technologies to monitor and reduce  
potential environmental impacts, and collaborate with 
governments, communities and other industries to share 
information and promote collective action. 

While no significant environmental events occurred at any BHP 
operated assets in FY2019, activities are ongoing to address the 
significant environmental impacts of the tailings dam failure  
at our non-operated joint venture, Samarco, in November 2015. 

Responsibly managing land and supporting 
biodiversity
The nature of our operations means we have a significant 
responsibility for land and biodiversity management. BHP owns  
or manages more than 10 million hectares of land and sea; 
however, less than 2 per cent of it is disturbed for operations.  
Our activities have inherent risks for land, marine and aquatic 
biodiversity in the areas we operate. We are committed to reducing 
those risks and to contributing to a resilient environment beyond 
the immediate areas of our operations.

Our assets have plans and processes in place that reflect local 
biodiversity risks and regulatory requirements. At a Group level,  
we have a five-year target to improve marine and terrestrial 
biodiversity outcomes by developing a framework to evaluate and 
verify the benefits of our actions in collaboration with others. This  
is being designed to allow us to better monitor, avoid, reduce and 
offset biodiversity impacts of our activities in a coordinated way. 

We started work on the framework in FY2018 and completed initial 
phase pilot testing using data from three operating sites and a social 
investment project during FY2019. We are progressing this work 
with Conservation International and Proteus, a voluntary partnership 
between the United Nations Environment World Conservation 
Monitoring Centre and 12 extractive industry companies. 

We are continuing with initial phase pilots at two more sites to 
ensure the approach is robust across a range of geographies, 
marine and terrestrial environments, and operating sites and  
social investment projects. We intend to use the framework to 
track achievement of BHP’s longer term biodiversity goal: ‘in line 
with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 14 and 15,  
BHP will, by FY2030, have made a measurable contribution to  
the conservation, restoration and sustainable use of marine  
and terrestrial ecosystems in all regions where we operate.’

In FY2020, we will progress the next phase of framework 
development with our conservation partners by combining 
operational-level indicators into indicators at a region or Group 
level. We will continue actions to minimise the biodiversity impacts 
associated with our activities and support effective, progressive 
rehabilitation and closure.

BHP looks for opportunities to improve the conservation, 
restoration and sustainable use of marine and terrestrial 
ecosystems in all regions in which we operate, through our own 
activities and in collaboration with others. In FY2019, our Petroleum 
business continued to appraise Mexico’s deepwater offshore Trion 
block with its joint venture partner, Pemex and engaged with the 
Mexican Government to develop Mexico’s offshore petroleum 
environmental regulatory framework. This involved use of 
environmental guidance from networks such as the International 
Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association and 
the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers.

Rehabilitation and closure 
As a global leader in the development of natural resources, we are 
committed to implementing a planned approach to closure and 
rehabilitation through the life cycle of our operations. We do this by 
following our closure management process, taking into consideration 
our values, obligations, commitment to safety, cost risks/benefits 
and the expectations of external stakeholders, and developing  
a closure management plan that delivers enduring environmental 
and social benefits.

Our current closure management process set out in the Our 
Requirements for Closure standard was implemented in FY2018.  
It requires all assets to develop a closure management plan, 
including a financial assessment, to minimise any closure-related 
risks over the life of the asset. The focus is to aim to achieve an 
optimal closure outcome in consultation with local communities 
and other stakeholders. In addition to environmental  
rehabilitation, closure outcomes may include recreational  
or other community uses. 

In Western Australia’s Pilbara, a pilot study is looking at alternative 
uses for an inactive mine site. Using an agribusiness market 
assessment, the study aims to identify multi-land uses for the site 
that could form the basis of a sustainable commercial opportunity. 
This will be co-designed with key stakeholders to ensure outcomes 
are fit-for-purpose and aligned to strategic regional initiatives. 

In our Petroleum business, we are assessing the extent to which 
seafloor infrastructure provides beneficial habitat for local fish 
species, which is important when considering offshore 
decommissioning options. 
case study : Ecological implications of decommissioning subsea 
infrastructure in northwest Australia at bhp.com/community/
case-studies. 

 For more information, read our  

More information on financial provisions related to our closure liabilities 
is available in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

34

Environment continued

BMA Queensland rehabilitated land.

We regularly reassess for improvement the way we rehabilitate 
areas that are no longer required for operational purposes.  
In collaboration with key government stakeholders in Queensland, 
Minerals Australia developed completion criteria for five post-
mining land uses: grazing, cropping, native woodland habitat, 
water storage and diversions. 

In November 2018, 1,176 hectares of rehabilitated subsidence  
with a post-mining land use of mixed cropping and grazing  
at Gregory Crinum Mine (now sold to Sojitz) was certified as 
complete. At the Norwich Park Mine in Queensland, a further  
294 hectares of spoil dump was certified as complete for  
grazing in February 2019, bringing the total rehabilitated land  
area certified as complete to 1,470 hectares. In total, in FY2019, 
rehabilitation and closure strategies for assets in Australia  
delivered just under 20,000 hectares rehabilitated land.

Technical experts at our Resource Engineering Centre of Excellence 
develop and assure technical standards, share best practice, 
provide technical training and access to the latest research,  
and support continual improvement in our business systems. 

The Centre developed five standards across BHP in geotechnical, 
water and closure disciplines that each share common attributes. 
For example, a global Acid and Metalliferous Drainage (AMD) 
Management Standard will enable improvement in how we manage 
mineral wastes through mine plans that include consideration  
of ground and surface water and has an overarching long-term 
objective of preventing AMD by source control rather than 
treatment in-perpetuity. 

The Centre collaborates with international experts and participates 
on industry forums to share learnings and benchmark performance 
to ensure our assets and operations have access to best practice  
in resource engineering. We actively participate in several industry 
bodies focused on closure aspects, including the International 
Council on Mining and Metals Closure Working Group, the Australian 
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Community and Environment 
Committee, and the International Network on Acid Prevention. 

Making progress on water stewardship
Water stewardship is about safeguarding our shared water 
resources for future generations. 

Our Water Stewardship Strategy was adopted in FY2017 to improve 
our management of water, increase transparency and help resolve 
shared water challenges. In FY2018, we produced our first 
standalone Water Report and in FY2019, we developed our Water 
Stewardship Position Statement that outlines BHP’s commitment 
and advocacy focus on water stewardship. Implementation  
of the Position Statement will commence in FY2020. 

For information on our approach to water stewardship and  
water performance in FY2019, refer to the Water section.

Reducing air emissions
Greenhouse gases (GHG) and dust are our most significant 
emissions to air across the BHP portfolio. Our actions to reduce 
GHG emissions are described in more detail in the Climate change 
section. We manage and monitor our air emissions, such as dust, 
to reduce the potential for air quality impacts on our workforce, 
surrounding communities and ecosystems. 

In some locations, other activities, including adjacent mining or 
industrial operations, also contribute to emissions that affect the 
environment. In the last year, we reviewed air quality management 
across our mine and port facilities and benchmarked air quality 
management practices across a number of industries and 
geographic regions. The insights from the review informed  
an update of the WAIO Air Quality Strategy and the Our 
Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard.  
We shared the learnings to our other operating regions to support 
continuous improvement.

Together with operating practices, technology has an important 
role in minimising air emissions. In our Petroleum operations,  
we are increasingly applying detection technologies, such as 
optical gas imaging and drones, to detect and address fugitive 
methane emissions. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

35

Environment continued

We use real-time air monitoring networks to provide live feedback 
to operations on the potential for off-site dust impacts at a number 
of our mining and port operations in Australia and Chile. This 
allows operations to make real-time adjustments to production  
and dust mitigation activities in response to changes in weather, 
product properties, or combined impacts from adjacent operations. 
In some instances, we share this data with community and 
regulatory authorities to make transparent our air emissions 
performance and effectiveness of mitigation actions.

Contributing to a resilient environment
A report published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Biodiversity 
and Ecosystem Services in May 2019 found that nature is declining 
globally at rates unprecedented in human history. It also warned 
that about one million animal and plant species are threatened  
with extinction, many within decades. This is deeply concerning  
for the health of our ecosystems and their ability to support  
human wellbeing. 

We also recognise that we have a broader role to play in 
contributing to environmental resilience. We achieve this through 
our Social Investment Framework and work with strategic partners 
and communities to invest in voluntary projects that contribute  
to the management of areas of national or international 
conservation significance.

Since 2011, we have committed more than US$75 million to 
biodiversity conservation through our alliance with Conservation 
International and other partners. We look for projects that can 
provide multiple benefits, improve water quality or quantity,  
nature-based solutions to climate change, local livelihoods or 
cultural benefits, as well as improve biodiversity conservation.

Our investments with Conservation International in the seven-year 
alliance, which started in 2011, included the Five Rivers Conservation 
Area in Tasmania, Australia; Valdivian Coastal Reserve in Chile;  
Alto Mayo in Peru; and the Kasigau Corridor in Kenya. Last year,  
we renewed our alliance, with the next phase of our partnership  
to focus on: financing natural solutions that address climate 
change and contribute to halting biodiversity loss; and developing 
the framework to support BHP’s efforts in evaluating and verifying 
the benefits of our actions on biodiversity – both operational and 
social investments.

With other partners, we progressed a number of environment-
focused social investment programs in the last year. In the United 
States, our partnership with The Nature Conservancy in the 
Sustainable Rivers and Forests Initiative supports conservation  
and restoration in the Columbia Bottomlands region in Texas  
and five counties in Arkansas. 
Supporting conservation projects in Texas and Arkansas at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

 For more, read our case study 

Another significant US project is the Terrebone Biodiversity  
and Resilience Program with America’s WETLAND Foundation  
(refer to the Society section). In Australia, our most significant 
environment-focused investments include: 

•  the Martu ranger program with the Martu Indigenous people  

in the Western Australian desert; 

•  our partnership with the Australian Government supporting  

Bush Blitz across Australia; 

•  our partnership with the CSIRO on the Ningaloo Reef Research 

project in Western Australia; 

•  support for the Arid Recovery wildlife reserve in the northern  

arid area of South Australia; 

•  the Raine Island Recovery Project in Queensland in collaboration 

with the Queensland Government, the Great Barrier Reef 
Foundation and local Traditional Owners.

In FY2020, we will begin a number of new social investment 
projects that contribute to environmental resilience in terrestrial, 
marine and coastal ecosystems. We prioritise those that contribute 
to combined benefits for water quality, biodiversity, habitat 
conservation and carbon sequestration. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

36

Climate  
change 

We manage and minimise 
greenhouse gas emissions,  
build resilience of our portfolio  
to climate change risks,  
and work to build operational, 
community and ecosystem 
resilience to the physical  
impacts of climate change.

In this section:
Operational emissions
Scope 3 emissions
Contributing to the global response
Managing risk and opportunity
Engagement and disclosure 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

37

Climate change

Our climate change strategy focuses on reducing our operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,  
investing in low emissions technologies, promoting product stewardship, managing climate-related  
risk and opportunity, and working with others to enhance the global policy and market response.  
BHP’s position on climate change is available online at bhp.com.

Climate change is a global challenge that requires collaboration. 
Resources companies such as BHP, our customers and 
governments must play their part to meet this challenge.

Responding to climate change remains a priority governance  
and strategic issue for us. Our Board is actively engaged in the 
governance of climate change issues, including our strategic 
approach, supported by the Sustainability Committee. 
Management has primary responsibility for the design and 
implementation of our climate change strategy and our 
performance against our targets (outlined below) is reflected  
in senior executive and leadership remuneration. From 2021,  
the link between our targets and management remuneration  
will be further strengthened to reinforce the strategic importance  
of action to reduce emissions.

Operational emissions 
As a major energy consumer, managing energy use, ensuring 
energy security and reducing GHG emissions at our operations  
are key components of our climate change strategy. We set targets 
in order to hold ourselves accountable for these goals and regularly 
review them as our strategy and circumstances change.

Our five-year GHG emissions reduction target, which took effect 
from 1 July 2017, is to maintain our total operational emissions in 
FY2022 at or below FY2017 levels(1) while we continue to grow our 
business. Our target builds on our success in achieving our 
previous five-year target.

We have also set the longer term goal of achieving net-zero 
operational GHG emissions in the latter half of this century, 
consistent with the Paris Agreement. In order to set the trajectory 
towards achieving that goal, in FY2020 we intend to develop  
a medium-term target for operational emissions. 

Operational emissions performance
Our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (operational 
emissions) in FY2019 totalled 14.7 million tonnes of carbon dioxide 
equivalent (CO2-e), 3 per cent below our FY2017 target baseline.(2) 
This decrease is primarily due to a change in the electricity 
emissions factor for Minerals Americas that resulted from the 
interconnection of Chile’s northern grid system, which  
is mainly fossil fuel-based, and southern grid system, which has  
a higher proportion of renewable energy. 
of how BHP is reducing its operational emissions, read our case 
study Keeping greenhouse gas emissions reductions rolling at 
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

 For an example  

We have disclosed operational emissions performance at the asset 
level for the first time in this year’s Report (refer to Performance 
data – Climate Change in the Appendix).

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions(a)
millions of tonnes CO2-e

40.0

30.0

17.6

20.0

10.0

20.7

6.7

11.3

1.7

1.7

5.8

5.9

0.5

4.9

14.7

8.8

8.9

9.3

0.0

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

Scope 1(b)

Scope 2(c)

Onshore US

FY2017 baseline(d)

(a)  Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been calculated on an operational control basis  
in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard. Comparisons of data over the period FY2015 to FY2016 should  
be made with consideration of the divestment of South32 during FY2015  
(FY2015 data excludes emissions from South32 operations between the date  
of the divestment and 30 June 2015). Data over the period FY2017 to FY2019  
is displayed with Onshore US emissions shown separately for comparability  
(12 months of emissions in FY2017 and FY2018, and four months of emissions  
in FY2019 prior to divestment of this asset).

(b)  Scope 1 refers to direct GHG emissions from operated assets.
(c)  Scope 2 refers to indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased 
electricity and steam that is consumed by operated assets (calculated using  
the market-based method).

(d)  FY2017 is the base year for our current five-year GHG emissions reduction target, 
which took effect from FY2018. The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the 
divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure ongoing comparability of 
performance. The baseline will continue to be adjusted for any material  
acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the 
transaction; carbon offsets will be used as required.

Investing in low emissions technologies
Defining a pathway to net-zero GHG emissions for our long-life 
assets requires planning for the long term and a deep 
understanding of the development pathway for low emissions 
technologies (LETs). 

Our LET strategy is threefold. First, we work to adapt mature 
technologies such as light electric vehicles, in order to integrate 
them safely and effectively into our operations. Second, in the 
medium term, we create road maps for development and adoption 
of LETs that support our goal of net-zero emissions, which may 
include trials and demonstrations of technology in our production 
environments. Finally, we look for early stage LETs that hold high 
potential for future results. For these emerging technologies,  
we seek opportunities for collaboration, research and other  
ways to accelerate their development and adoption. 

(1)  FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be used as required.
(2)  Calculated on a Continuing operations basis. The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure ongoing comparability of performance.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

38

Climate change continued

Our LET strategy has been developed to address BHP’s key sources 
of operational GHG emissions. Emissions from electricity use make 
up 43 per cent of our operational emissions.(1) This includes the 
power we generate ourselves, as well as the power we buy from 
grids around the world. To support the goal of moving toward  
zero emissions electricity, we are considering ways to accelerate 
the integration of renewable energy into our operations, such as 
through electricity contracts and, in some cases, through directly 
supplying our operations with greater proportions of lower  
carbon energy. 

Emissions from fuel and distillate make up 42 per cent of our 
operational emissions, much of which is from diesel used in 
moving material (for example, haul trucks). The first phase of 
moving to net-zero diesel emissions is focused on adapting our 
fleet. We are currently trialling the use of light electric vehicles at 
Olympic Dam, by converting a diesel vehicle to run on lithium ion 
batteries. This has the added benefit of reducing diesel particulate 
matter, which has the potential to contribute to improved health 
and safety in our underground mining operation. One of the high 
potential options for GHG reduction in the longer term is green 
hydrogen (hydrogen created using renewable energy). Part of our 
LET strategy is focused on studying the potential role of zero 
emissions fuels like green hydrogen in our mining operations.

Fugitive methane emissions from our petroleum and coal assets 
make up 15 per cent of our operational emissions and are among 
the most technically and economically challenging to reduce.  
We are investing in research, development and trial projects  
with partners, such as the CSIRO and the University of San Diego. 
In our open-cut coal operations, we are working to better measure 
our emissions as a first step toward effective abatement. We are 
also collaborating with research institutions to investigate solutions 
for our underground operations, such as the viability of using 
methanotrophs (methane eating bacteria) to abate fugitive 
methane emissions. 

Scope 3 emissions
While reducing our operational emissions is vital, emissions from 
our value chain (Scope 3 emissions) are significantly higher than 
those from our own operations. We work with our customers, 
suppliers and other value chain participants to seek to influence 
emissions reductions across the life cycle of our products. 

As we work to develop an integrated product stewardship strategy 
in FY2020 we intend to look to identify additional opportunities to 
work with others in our value chain to influence emissions reductions. 
We also intend to set public goals related to Scope 3 emissions.

Scope 3 emissions performance
The most significant contributions to Scope 3 emissions in our 
value chain come from the downstream processing and use of our 
products, in particular emissions emanating from the steelmaking 
process (the processing and use of our iron ore and metallurgical 
coal). In FY2019 emissions associated with the processing of our 
non-fossil fuel commodities (iron ore to steel; copper concentrate 
and cathode to copper wire) were 305 million tonnes of CO2-e. 
Emissions associated with the use of our fossil fuel commodities 
(metallurgical and energy coal, oil and gas) were 233 million 
tonnes of CO2-e.

(1)  Includes Scope 1 emissions from our natural gas-fired power generation as well as Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

39

Climate change continued

Scope 3 GHG emissions(1)(2)

 Scope 3 category

Upstream

Purchased goods and services (including capital goods)

Fuel and energy related activities

Upstream transportation and distribution(3) 

Business travel

Employee commuting

Downstream

Downstream transportation and distribution(4) 

Processing of sold products(5) 

 – Iron ore to steel

 – Copper to copper wire

Use of sold products

 – Metallurgical coal

 – Energy coal

 – Natural gas

 – Crude oil and condensates(6) 

 – Natural gas liquids

Investments (i.e. our non-operated assets)(7) 

Scope 3 emissions  
(million tonnes CO2-e)

FY2019

FY2018

17.3

1.3

3.6

0.1

<0.1

4.0

304.7

299.6

5.1

232.7

111.4

67.0

28.3

23.3

2.8

3.1

8.2

1.4

3.6

0.1

<0.1

5.0

322.6

317.4

5.2

253.8

112.3

71.0

36.4

29.6

4.5

1.7

(1)  Scope 3 refers to all other indirect GHG emissions (not included in Scope 2) from activities across our value chain, including upstream emissions related to the extraction  
and production of purchased materials and fuels; downstream emissions related to the processing and use of our products; upstream and downstream transportation and 
distribution; and emissions from our non-operated joint ventures. Scope 3 emissions have been calculated using methodologies consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate 
Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.

(2)  FY2018 data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US) to 31 October 2019 

and Continuing operations. 

(3)  Includes product transport where freight costs are covered by BHP, for example under Cost and Freight (CFR) or similar terms, as well as purchased transport services for 

process inputs to our operations. 

(4)  Product transport where freight costs are not covered by BHP, for example under Free on Board (FOB) or similar terms.
(5)  All iron ore production is assumed to be processed into steel and all copper production is assumed to be processed into copper wire for end use. Processing of nickel, zinc, 
gold, silver, ethane and uranium oxide is not currently included, as production volumes are much lower than iron ore and copper, and a large range of possible end uses  
apply.Processing/refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered immaterial compared to the end-use product combustion reported  
in the ‘Use of sold products’ category.

(6)  All crude oil and condensates are conservatively assumed to be refined and combusted as diesel.
(7)  Covers the Scope 1 and 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from our assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

40

Climate change continued

Scope 3 emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of 
overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at multiple 
points in the life cycle of the commodities we produce and 
consume. A significant example of this is that Scope 3 emissions 
reported under the ‘Processing of sold products’ category in the 
table above include the processing of our iron ore to steel. This 
third party activity also consumes metallurgical coal as an input,  
a portion of which is produced by us. For reporting purposes,  
we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of metallurgical 
coal with all other fossil fuels under the ‘Use of sold products’ 
category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions  
is accounted for under two categories. 

This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting between the 
different scopes defined under standard GHG accounting practices 
and is not considered to detract from the overall value of our 
Scope 3 emissions disclosure. This double counting means that 
the emissions reported under each category should not be added 
up, as to do so would give an inflated total figure. For this reason 
we do not report a total Scope 3 emissions figure. Further details  
of the calculation methodologies, assumptions and key references 
used in the preparation of our Scope 3 emissions data can be 
found in the associated Scope 3 calculation methodology 
document available online at bhp.com/climate. 

Accelerating the development of carbon capture  
and storage
We are working in partnership with others across our value chain  
to accelerate the development of technologies with the potential 
to reduce emissions from the processing and use of our products. 
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is a key low emissions 
technology with the potential to play a pivotal role in reducing 
emissions from industrial processes, such as steel production,  
as well as emissions from the power sector and from oil and  
gas production.

While we recognise progress is required in developing policy 
frameworks to support the wider deployment of this technology, 
our CCS investments and partnerships focus on mechanisms to 
reduce costs and accelerate development timeframes. Our 
investments include activities aimed at knowledge sharing from 
commercial-scale projects, development of sectoral deployment 
road maps and funding for research and development at leading 
universities and research institutes.

For example, in March 2019 we committed to invest US$6 million 
in Carbon Engineering Ltd to progress the development of a 
ground-breaking technology to reduce carbon emissions by 
accelerating the development of Direct Air Capture, which 
removes CO2 from the atmosphere. 
read our press release at bhp.com. 

 For more information,  

In June 2019, we also committed to invest US$5 million in CO2CRC, 
a research project to develop subsurface storage technologies 
aimed at reducing the cost and environmental footprint of 
long-term CO2 storage monitoring. 

These projects added to our existing portfolio of CCS projects, 
including:

•  Establishment of the International CCS Knowledge Centre to 
share lessons from SaskPower's Boundary Dam CCS project  
in Saskatchewan, Canada. 

•  Work with Peking University and other partners to identify the key 
policy, technical and economic barriers to CCS deployment in 
the industrial sector, with a particular focus on the iron and steel 
industry in China. 

•  Establishment of a research collaboration between the University 
of Melbourne, University of Cambridge and Stanford University  
to support fundamental research into the long-term storage 
mechanisms of CO2 in subsurface locations. 

Supporting the development of climate  
change solutions

In July 2019, our CEO Andrew Mackenzie announced that 
BHP’s Board had approved a new Climate Investment Program 
that will invest in technologies to reduce emissions, and 
research and development of potential future solutions. 

The Program will build on BHP’s existing program of investing  
in low emissions technologies and carbon capture and storage. 
It includes a total investment amount of US$400 million over 
five years from FY2020. Investments will target operational 
emissions reduction and potential reductions of Scope 3 
emissions, including from the processing and use of  
our products.

The Program will target mature and disruptive technologies, 
designed to achieve near-term emissions outcomes and 
longer term, higher-risk goals. We expect technology 
investment to be critical in meeting our short- and medium-
term targets for operational emissions reduction, our longer–
term goal of operational net-zero emissions and our goals  
in relation to Scope 3 emissions. The Program will also drive 
investment in nature-based solutions.

Contributing to the global response
Climate change is a global challenge that requires collaboration. 
We prioritise working with others to enhance the global policy  
and market response.

Promoting market mechanisms to reduce  
global emissions
In addition to measures to reduce our emissions, we support  
the development of market mechanisms that reduce global  
GHG emissions through projects that generate carbon credits.

Our climate change strategy includes a focus on reducing 
emissions from deforestation through support for REDD+, the 
United Nations program that aims to reduce emissions from 
deforestation and forest degradation. For example, in partnership 
with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and Conservation 
International (CI) we developed a first-of-its-kind US$152 million 
Forests Bond, issued by the IFC in 2016. We provide a price-
support mechanism for the bond, which supports the Kasigau 
Corridor REDD project in Kenya. During FY2019, we purchased 
additional carbon credits from the Kasigau Corridor project.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

41

Climate change continued

In partnership with CI and Baker McKenzie, we launched the 
Finance for Forests (F4F) initiative in FY2018, which aims to share 
our experiences to help encourage replication of these investments 
and the exploration of other innovative private finance tools to 
conserve forests and further advance REDD+. As the first phase  
of F4F came to a close in June 2018, there was broad recognition 
among the F4F participants that many companies understood the 
opportunity provided by REDD+ and were now seeking opportunities 
for investment. We launched the Finance for Forests 2.0 (F4F2.0) 
initiative with CI and Baker McKenzie in FY2019, to develop a suite 
of innovative financial mechanisms to channel private sector 
investment in REDD+. 

In FY2020, we will organise engagements to promote F4F2.0 and 
continue to deliver our REDD+ strategy, with scoping of our next 
project investment underway. We are also exploring investments  
in blue carbon (carbon captured in coastal and marine ecosystems).

Supporting the development of effective climate  
and energy policy
Industry has a key role to play in supporting policy development. 
We engage with governments and other stakeholders to contribute 
to the development of an effective, long-term policy framework 
that can deliver a measured transition to a lower carbon economy.

We believe an effective policy framework should include  
a complementary set of measures, including a price on carbon, 
support for low emissions technology and measures to build 
resilience. We are a signatory to the World Bank's Putting a Price  
on Carbon statement and a partner in the Carbon Pricing 
Leadership Coalition, a global initiative that brings together  
leaders from industry, government, academia and civil society  
with the goal of putting in place effective carbon pricing policies. 
Our CEO Andrew Mackenzie has also been appointed to the  
World Bank’s High-Level Commission on Carbon Pricing  
and Competitiveness.

We also advocate for a framework of policy settings that will 
accelerate the deployment of CCS. We are a member of the  
Global CCS Institute and the UK Government’s Council on  
Carbon Capture Usage and Storage. 

We contribute to policy reviews throughout our global operating 
regions. For example, in FY2019 we made a submission to the 
Australian Government’s consultation on the operation of the 
Emissions Reduction Fund Safeguard Mechanism. We also 
engaged with the Australian Energy Security Board, directly and 
through our industry association memberships, on the design  
of the National Energy Guarantee. We look forward to continuing  
to work with governments to ensure climate and energy policy 
frameworks are market based and technology neutral, and 
appropriately balance the goals of energy reliability, energy 
affordability and emissions reduction.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

42

Industry association membership

We believe industry associations have the capacity to play a key 
role in advancing the development of standards, best practices 
and constructive policy that are of benefit to members, the 
economy and society. We also recognise there is stakeholder 
interest in the nature and role of industry associations and the 
extent to which the positions of industry associations on key 
issues are aligned with those of member companies.

We were one of the first major companies to review our 
alignment with the advocacy positions on climate and energy 
policy taken by industry associations to which we belong,  
and to share the findings and outcomes of this review publicly. 
Our initial review was published in December 2017. 

We continue to monitor the climate and energy policy 
positions of our industry association memberships and to  
keep our memberships of industry associations that hold  
an active position on climate and energy policy under review.  
A further review of our industry associations was commenced 
during FY2019. More information on our approach to industry 
associations, including our updated register of material 
differences on climate and energy policy, is available  
online at bhp.com.

Managing risk and opportunity
We recognise the physical and non-physical impacts of climate 
change may affect our assets, productivity, the markets in which 
we sell our products and the communities in which we operate. 
Risks related to the physical impacts of climate change include 
acute risks resulting from increased severity of extreme weather 
events and chronic risks resulting from longer term changes in 
climate patterns. Non-physical risks arise from a variety of policy, 
regulatory, legal, technological and market responses to the 
challenges posed by climate change and the transition to a lower 
carbon economy. 

A broader discussion of our climate-related risk factors and risk 
management approach is provided in our Annual Report 2019, 
available online at bhp.com.

Adapting to the physical impacts of climate change
We take a risk-based approach to adapting to the physical impacts 
of climate change. We work with globally recognised agencies  
to obtain regional analyses of climate science to inform resilience 
planning at an asset level and improve our understanding of the 
potential climate vulnerabilities of our operations and communities 
in which we operate. 

Our operations are required to build climate resilience into their 
activities through compliance with the Our Requirements for 
Environment and Climate Change standard. We also require  
new investments to assess and manage risks associated with  
the forecast physical impacts of climate change. As well as this 
ongoing business resilience planning, we continue to look at  
ways we can contribute to community and ecosystem resilience. 

We recognise the body of scientific knowledge about the potential 
impacts of climate change is rapidly expanding and in FY2019,  
we commenced a review of our adaptation approach in light  
of the latest climate science.

Climate change continued

Evaluating the resilience of our portfolio
We consider the impacts of climate change in our strategy process. 
We recognise the world could respond in a number of different 
ways to address climate change. We use a broad range of scenarios 
to consider how divergent policy, technology, market and societal 
outcomes could impact our portfolio, including low plausibility, 
extreme shock events. We also continually monitor a range of  
data sources to identify climate change-related developments  
that would serve as a call to action for us to reassess the resilience 
of our portfolio.

Our investment evaluation process includes an assessment of 
non-quantifiable risks, such as those that could impact the people 
and environment that underpin our contribution to social value. 
The process has also incorporated market and sector-based 
carbon prices for more than a decade.

Our Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis (2015) and Climate Change: 
Portfolio Analysis – Views after Paris (2016) reports, which are 
available online at bhp.com/climate, describe in more detail how 
we have used scenario analysis to evaluate the resilience of our 
portfolio to an orderly and more rapid transition to a 2°C world.  
We will update our portfolio analysis in FY2020, evaluating the 
potential impacts of a broader range of scenarios, including  
a transition to well below 2°C.

We are committed to keeping our stakeholders informed of the 
potential impact of climate change on our business and continue 
to review and consider developing best practices and evolving 
stakeholder expectations. 

Engagement and disclosure
Our climate change strategy is supported by active engagement 
with our stakeholders, including investors, policymakers and 
non-governmental organisations, and with peer companies  
where appropriate.

We periodically hold one-on-one and group meetings with 
investors and their advisers to explain our approach to climate 
change. In FY2019, our climate-related investor engagement 
included meetings held in Australia, the United Kingdom,  
the Netherlands and the United States. 

We also seek input and insight from external experts, such as the 
BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility (FCR). The FCR, which is 
composed of civil society leaders and BHP executives, has played  
a critical role in the development of our position on climate change. 
During FY2019, the FCR met twice, with one of the meetings 
including discussion of the review of our climate change strategy. 

Informed by this engagement, we regularly review our approach  
to climate change in response to emerging scientific knowledge, 
changes in global climate policy and regulation, developments in 
low emissions technologies and evolving stakeholder expectations.

Climate-related financial disclosures
BHP was one of the first companies to align our disclosures with 
the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We believe the 
TCFD recommendations represent an important step towards 
establishing a widely accepted framework for climate-related 
financial risk disclosure and we have been a firm supporter of this 
work. Our Vice President of Sustainability and Climate Change,  
Dr Fiona Wild, is a member of the Task Force. 

We are committed to continuing to work with the TCFD and our 
peers in the resources sector to support the wider adoption of the 
TCFD recommendations and the development of more effective 
disclosure practices within the sector. 

For details of our TCFD-aligned disclosures on climate-related financial 
risk, refer to our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

43

Water  

Access to safe, clean water is a 
basic human right and essential  
to maintaining healthy ecosystems. 
In this section, we disclose how  
we manage our water interactions  
and risks – from extraction to use 
and discharge. We also share our 
performance and how we are 
tracking against targets.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

44

In this section:
Water stewardship: a shared responsibility
Our approach
Water and risk at BHP
Water governance
Water performance

For our water data disclosures,  
see the Appendices:
BHP water sensitivity assessment
Detailed significant water-related risks
Performance data – water
BHP asset-level water data summary

Water

Water is central to livelihoods, the health of the environment and the sustainability of our business.  
Without access to water, our business simply could not operate.

Water stewardship: a shared responsibility
Water is a vital shared resource that is essential to life. Access to 
clean, safe water is a basic human right. 

Communities, governments, business and civil society must work 
together so that fresh and marine water resources are conserved, 
become resilient and continue to support healthy communities 
and ecosystems, maintain cultural and spiritual values and sustain 
economic growth.

Water is integral to what we do and vital to the sustainability of our 
business. We cannot operate without it. We interact with water  
in a number of ways, including: 

•  extracting it for activities including ore processing, cooling,  

dust suppression and processing mine tailings;

•  managing it to access ore through dewatering, as part of the oil 

recovery process and at our closed operations;
•  providing drinking water and sanitation facilities;
•  discharging it back to the receiving environment;
•  interacting with marine water resources through our offshore 

Petroleum business and port facilities;
•  utilising marine water for desalination.

 For a more detailed example of how we interact with water,  

read our case study Water stewardship at Olympic Dam at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies. 

We have a responsibility to effectively manage our interactions  
and minimise impacts on water resources. We also recognise  
the importance of working with others to enable more effective  
water governance and stewardship across the communities, 
regions and countries where we operate. 

Effective water stewardship must begin within our operations. 
From there, we can more credibly collaborate with others toward 
solutions to shared water challenges.

Responsible water management will ultimately make our business 
more resilient in the long term and positively contribute to an 
enduring environment and social value. 

Other industry

Government

Community

Environment

Resources 
industry

Surface

water

Sea water

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

45

Groundwater

Resources 
industry

Agriculture

Water continued

About this water section
We produced our inaugural Water Report in FY2018 to highlight  
our efforts and reflect water’s importance to society and our 
business. For more information, refer to our Water Report 2018, 
available online at bhp.com.

While our focus remains as strong as ever on disclosure of our 
water activities, we have brought our water reporting back into  
the context of a Sustainability Report to integrate all aspects  
of our sustainability approach.

This water section is based on the International Council on Mining 
and Metals (ICMM) ‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’ 
minimum disclosure standard. For more information on how this 
section meets this standard, refer to our 2019 Sustainability 
Reporting Navigator, available online at bhp.com.

This section has also taken account of other disclosure frameworks, 
such as the United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s CEO Water 
Mandate (CEO Water Mandate), the G4 Global Reporting Initiative, 
and the Carbon Disclosure Project Water disclosure requirements 
and serves as BHP’s annual Communication of Progress against  
the core elements of the CEO Water Mandate. 

Our approach
We have reported our water withdrawals and discharges, and  
had water-specific public targets in place for more than 15 years. 
While water stewardship is not new for us, we can do more.

Our Water Stewardship Strategy was adopted in FY2017 to improve 
our management of water, increase transparency and contribute to 
the resolution of shared water challenges. 

Complementing our Water Stewardship Strategy are our public 
target and longer term goal, established in FY2017. Our five-year 
water target seeks to reduce FY2022 freshwater withdrawal(1)  
by 15 per cent from FY2017(2) levels. Our longer term goal is to 
collaborate to enable integrated water resource management  
in all catchments where we operate by FY2030 (in support of  
the UN Sustainable Development Goal 6).

Progress against our Water Stewardship Strategy, target and goal  
is reported in the Our water performance section.

In FY2019, we developed our Water Stewardship Position Statement 
that expresses BHP’s commitment to, and advocacy for water 
stewardship. The Position Statement will be implemented  
from FY2020. It outlines our vision for a water-secure world by 
2030. The Statement was developed following broad internal  
and external engagement and is aligned to the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals and other initiatives. It describes the 
challenges facing fresh and marine waters across the globe and 
reinforces that it is everyone’s responsibility take action together. 
Our approach to realising this vision includes taking action to 
enhance water management within our business and catalyse 
actions to strengthen water governance beyond our operations. 

Aligned to this vision, we will set additional asset-based and 
regionally specific water targets. These targets will seek to improve 
our water management and support shared approaches to address 
water challenges within the regions in which we operate. 

Beyond our operations, we will work with others on a shared 
approach to effective water governance. Our priorities will be 
around transparency, collaboration, and knowledge and innovation. 

For more information, refer to the Next steps section.

BHP’s approach to Water Stewardship

Drivers

Climate
change

Water
scarcity

Water
excess

Societal
risk

Our vision

Water Stewardship Position Statement:
Water secure world by 2030

Our strategy

Water Stewardship Strategy:
Value, Collective Action, Risk, Technology, Disclosure

Our progress

2030 longer-term goal supporting integrated water resource management 
FY2022 withdrawal reduction target 
Asset-level, context-based targets (in development)

Our standards

Environment &
Climate Change
Our Requirements

Water
Management
Standards

Other Group-wide 
standards
e.g. risk, planning

Outcomes

Water
security

Social
value

Environmental
resilience

Business
risk

Beyond our
operations

Contributing to improved water governance through transparency, 
collaboration and knowledge and innovation

Business
resilience

(1)  Where ‘withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended for use (in accordance with ‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’, ICMM (2017)). ‘Freshwater’  

is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water. Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not  
be available for other uses. These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users  
or the environment.

(2)  The FY2017 baseline data has been adjusted to account for: the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and improvements to water balance 

methodologies at WAIO and Queensland Coal. Discontinued operations (US Onshore assets) have been excluded.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

46

Water continued

BHP Water Stewardship Position Statement

Our water stewardship vision

A ‘water secure’ world by 2030

Now is the time for us all to think big and take action to tackle the challenges facing water.  
Fresh and marine waters on which the environment, communities and livelihoods depend are  
under increasing pressure, especially from climate change, pollution and population growth.

BHP’s vision is for a ‘water secure’ world by 2030, an aim consistent with the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals. A world where water resources are conserved and resilient  
so they can continue to support healthy ecosystems, maintain cultural and spiritual values  
and sustain economic growth. A world where the human right to safe and accessible water  
and the traditional rights of Indigenous peoples are realised and upheld. A world where  
water governance is effective and beneficial, ensuring communities and ecosystems thrive  
for future generations.

To make this vision a reality, we all have a role to play.

Our water stewardship 
commitment

Realising the vision  
within our operations

Within our operations, BHP commits to realising our 2030 vision by setting public,  
context-based, business-level targets that will aim to both improve our management  
of water and support shared approaches to water management within the regions  
where we operate. Our Water Stewardship Strategy will underpin these targets, across  
the life cycle of our operations:

•  Value – Effectively value the social, environmental and economic dimensions of water in our 

decision-making.

•  Risk – Embed processes and systems to manage water-related risks and realise opportunities  

in the short and longer term.

•  Disclosure – Transparently disclose water-related risks, management and performance  

at an asset level.

•  Collective action – Work with stakeholders within the regions where we operate to support 

shared approaches to water management.

•  Technology – Leverage technology solutions that drive a step-change reduction in water-

related risks, realise opportunities and deliver multiple benefits.

We commit to listening and learning from others to better understand and continuously improve 
our approach to water stewardship. We will share our learnings and engage with our suppliers, 
customers and non-operated asset partners on their journeys towards water stewardship.

Beyond our operations, BHP will contribute to realising our 2030 vision by engaging across 
communities, government, business and civil society with the aim of catalysing actions to 
improve water governance, increase recognition of water’s diverse values and advance 
sustainable solutions.

We will work with others to make regional, national and international progress towards 
addressing shared water challenges by focusing on the following priority areas of action:

•  Transparency – Enhancing the collection and meaningful reporting of water use and 

performance data by all users is fundamental to effective governance of water resources.
•  Collaboration – Enabling inclusive water governance is essential to delivering outcomes  
that reflect water’s shared spiritual, cultural, recreational, ecological and economic values.
•  Knowledge and innovation – Expanding knowledge of water issues and opportunities and 

supporting solutions-driven collaborations are crucial to accelerating policy-, nature-  
and technology-based innovations.

Our water stewardship 
contribution

Realising the vision  
beyond our operations

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

47

Regulation: The regions in which we operate have reasonably 
mature regulatory systems for water extraction, use and discharge. 
Typically, our licences prescribe the quantity of water we are 
permitted to extract during a defined period and the quantity  
and quality of water discharged.

For a detailed summary of our water sensitivity assessments  
for each asset and the catchment in which they are located,  
refer to the BHP Water senstivity assessment in the Appendix.  
It is estimated that 64 per cent of our assets are operating in  
areas of moderate-to-high water sensitivity. We have seen an 
increase in water sensitivity at our Queensland Coal assets 
compared to FY2018. This is due to an increased focus by 
stakeholders and regulators in relation to water interactions  
in the region more broadly. 

Escondida and Pampa Norte also rate as having high water 
sensitivity due to the extremely dry and remote locations of  
these operations. Groundwater resources in these regions are 
limited and highly significant to both the environment and local 
communities, including Indigenous peoples. Given the different 
operating contexts in the United States and Canada, this year  
we have split out our North American legacy assets assessment  
in the BHP Water senstivity assessment in the Appendix,  
to provide more granularity.

Water continued

Water and risk at BHP
BHP’s strategy means we must plan our water use and interactions 
for the long term. We need to consider both our operational  
needs and the potential for regional changes to water resources 
due to climate change, pollution, population growth and  
changing expectations.

As part of our risk management processes, our assets and 
functions are required to assess and manage the potential 
water-related risks from their activities. Our Water Stewardship 
Strategy has been progressing a range of improvements in  
relation to water-related risk management. 

BHP and water sensitivity
The management of water-related risks needs to reflect the different 
settings in which we work. These include the physical environment, 
hydrological systems and socio-political and regulatory contexts. 
Risk management must also take into account the interactions that 
we and others have with water resources. 

To better understand the water-related risks for our business at  
a portfolio level, BHP has assessed the water sensitivity of the 
locations in which we operate. 

We define water sensitivity as the degree (high, moderate or low) 
to which a region is sensitive to a range of water-influencing factors. 
This assessment is primarily qualitative. 

The factors we assess are:

Climate: Different climatic conditions influence the availability  
of water and the way in which water interacts with the physical 
environment. We operate in a range of climate zones.

BHP water source interactions: The water resources we extract 
from and discharge to vary across each asset and influence the 
exposure we have to particular water resources (i.e. surface, ground 
or marine water resources). 

Competition for resources: Most of our assets share water 
resources with others, including communities, agriculture,  
industry and the natural environment. As a result, we consider  
a number of factors, including stakeholder concerns and 
expectations, cumulative impacts and the extent to which  
the resource is shared with communities and the environment.  
We apply baseline water stress (using World Resources Institute 
categories) to inform the sensitivity of the water resource to 
competition by evaluating the total withdrawal from the resource 
compared to the total water resource available. A higher ratio 
indicates more potential for competition and thus the risk of  
higher stress. 

Sustainability of water resource: Water resources have 
hydrological properties, such as the inherent quality and 
sustainable quantity of the water resource required to maintain  
the resource itself, and the dependent environmental and social 
values. Understanding water resource sustainability and the 
tolerance to climatic and other changes is essential to effectively 
manage the impacts to and from BHP. This is the first year we have 
included this category.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

48

Water continued

BHP water sensitivity assessment
Water sensitivity across BHP assets

Australia

3

6

4

5

1

2

Canada, North America and South America

10

9

11

10

3

3

8

7

Asset or Region

1. Queensland Coal (BMA/BMC)

2. NSW Energy Coal

3. Petroleum

4. Nickel West

5. Olympic Dam

6. Western Australia Iron Ore

7. Escondida

8. Pampa Norte

9. Potash

10. Legacy assets Canada

11. Legacy assets United States

Catchment Level Sensitivity 
(BHP Assessed)

High

Moderate

Low

Climate zone(1)(2)

Warm temperate 
humid, hot

Warm temperate 
humid, cool

Warm temperate 
to arid

Warm temperate 
steepe, hot

Subtropical to tropical 
(offshore)

Boreal to warm 
temperate

Cold humid, 
seasonal extremes

Arid, cold desert

Arid, hot desert

(1)  In accordance with Köppen-Geiger climate classification terminology.
(2)  Climate zones are one element, but not all, that contribute to our assessment of water sensitivity (BHP assessed). Refer to the appendix BHP Water sensitivity assessment  

for further details.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

49

Water continued

Our water-related risks 
Our water-related risks are influenced by the water sensitivity in  
the regions where we operate. Water-related risk management  
is conducted according to BHP’s Risk Framework. For information  
on risk management, refer to the Managing risk section. 

Each risk has the potential to impact:

•  the health and safety of our employees, contractors and 

community members;

•  communities, including social and economic viability, as well as 

spiritual and cultural values;

•  environmental resources, including water, land and biodiversity;
•  legal and regulatory compliance;
•  reputation; 
•  production and financial outcomes.

A more detailed description of BHP’s significant water-related risks, 
their potential impacts and the controls BHP employs to manage 
these risks is included in the Detailed significant water-related risks  
in the Appendix. 

The significant water-related risks across our assets are summarised 
in the table below. This year, we have classified the significance  
of BHP’s water-related risks as follows: 

•  Tier 1: Water-related risks that may have significant 

consequences, in the absence of controls;

•  Tier 2: Water-related risks that are still important, but may have 
lower consequences, in the absence of controls or are still 
emerging risks;

•  n/a – Risk that is not applicable at that asset.

Given this assessment has not taken into account the effectiveness 
of controls to manage these risks, the table should be read as  
a hypothetical representation of the worst-case potential risk.

Significant water-related risks across BHP assets

Risk area

Escondida

North 
American 
legacy 
assets

NSW 
Energy 
Coal

Nickel 
West

Olympic 
Dam

Pampa 
Norte

Petroleum

Queensland 
Coal (BMA) 

Queensland 
Coal (BMC)  WAIO

Catchment level

Climate change

Closure(1) 

Compliance

Dewatering(3) 

Extreme weather

Marine

Tailings

Water access 
sanitation and 
hygiene

Water 
infrastructure

Water quality

Water security

1

2

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

2

1

1

2

2

1

2

2

2

1

1

1

2

2

1

2

1

1

n/a

2

2

1

1

2

1

n/a

1

2

2

1

2

2

1

2

2

1

2

2

n/a

n/a

1

2

2

2

2

1

1

1

1

2

1

2

2

1

1

1

n/a

n/a

1

1

2

1

n/a

2

1

1

n/a

1

1

n/a

1

2

2

n/a

1

2

2

1

2

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

2

2

1

2

1

1

1

2

1

1

2

1

2

1(2) 

1

1

1

2

1

1

2

2

2

1 – Tier 1 

2 – Tier 2 

n/a – not applicable

(1)  This rating does not include water-related risks associated with current operations facilities that may emerge at closure.
(2)  For closure, the WAIO asset assessment includes the Beenup and Newcastle legacy assets that are currently managed by WAIO.
(3)  The removal or drainage of water from rock, soil or tailings.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

50

Water continued

Examples of significant water-related risks
Catchment-level risk 
Catchment risk has been classified as Tier 1 across all mining assets 
as the nature of these operations coupled with their physical 
context means there is the potential to significantly impact water 
resources and related environmental and/or social values. This may 
arise either as a result of direct impacts from BHP’s operations or 
cumulative impacts arising from our activities combined with those 
of others within a region.

For example, our Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) operations in 
the Pilbara region of Western Australia are located alongside other 
mining companies’ operations. The cumulative effect of combined 
activities has the potential to impact aquifers of groundwater that 
support local ecosystems and have important spiritual and cultural 
significance for Indigenous communities.

To better understand potential impacts, WAIO conducted a 
strategic environmental assessment that took a regional approach. 
A key element of the assessment was to understand the potential 
cumulative impacts and management strategies associated with 
surface water and groundwater. An analysis was undertaken to 
identify key, water-dependent environmental assets within the 
upper Fortescue River catchment. 

This innovative approach has allowed WAIO to develop proactive, 
outcome-based management actions to cumulative-impact risks. 
These actions now inform short and long-term mine planning to 
avoid and minimise impacts to water-dependent environments. 

Escondida’s operations have the potential to impact the cultural 
and spiritual values associated with local water resources. In 2017, 
Escondida ceased its operational extraction from one of the main 
local aquifers, Salar de Punta Negra. In line with our sustainability 
principles and to perform a transition to a fully desalinated water 
supply, by 2020, Escondida has committed to reduce the water 
extraction from the aquifer underlying the Monturaqui wellfield  
by approximately 70 per cent, and to cease all groundwater 
extractions for its operation by 2030. Planning for this gradual 
decrease in extractions is taking place in close consultation with 
the Lickanantay Indigenous communities. Escondida’s desalination 
plant is now in operation, supporting this transition away from 
regional groundwater aquifers.

Extreme weather risk 
A number of our assets are already managing extreme weather 
risks. These risks have been identified as Tier 1 at WAIO (cyclones), 
Escondida (extreme precipitation events), Pampa Norte (extreme 
precipitation events), Queensland Coal (extreme rainfall and 
cyclones) and Petroleum (cyclones).

The climate at our Queensland Coal operations is characterised  
by wet season rainfall, which includes tropical cyclone events that 
produce most of the annual rainfall and a dry season during which 
little rainfall occurs.

Mine-affected water (MAW) is one of the key water risks for 
Queensland Coal. MAW is rainfall runoff from active mining areas 
and other water that has been used in the mining process. MAW  
is typically stored in mine pits and dams. Over time, this water may 
become more saline due to evaporation or it may have increased 
suspended solids due to wash down or erosion from surrounding 
mining activity. MAW is used for dust suppression and coal washing. 
Too little MAW may limit production. Similarly, excess water in 
operational pits may obstruct access and limit production. 

Water management activities aim for the balance between too 
much and too little water on each site. This allows sufficient storage 
for runoff from rainfall events, while not impacting production and 
not allowing unauthorised site discharge of MAW. Discharge of MAW 
needs to be managed in accordance with licence conditions, 
which in some cases may require treatment of MAW prior to 
discharge. Appropriate management will minimise out-of-season 
flow in ephemeral creeks and rivers, which has the potential  
(if not controlled) to increase sediment and salt loads.

Due to a series of extreme rainfall events, excess water 
management is central to Queensland Coal’s operating strategy. 
Some BMA sites still hold excess water after the 2011 and 2013 
floods and cyclone Debbie in 2017. One way of managing this  
is to move MAW from sites with water excess to sites that have  
too little water. An additional control is to avoid the accumulation 
of additional water from excess rainfall events. BHP undertakes 
detailed studies on an ongoing basis that assess the benefit and 
cost of various options to manage excess water.

In addition, ongoing modelling and simulations are used to estimate 
flood risk. These estimations inform appropriate flood risk mitigation 
activities, which include construction of flood levees and 
preparation of emergency evacuation plans.

Climate change presents an emerging risk for all BHP assets 
which is why it is currently rated as Tier 2 for all assets. It is 
expected to heighten existing risks, such as these extreme 
weather risks and introduce new ones.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

51

Water continued

Marine risk 
From a marine perspective, key risk events include, for our 
petroleum assets, loss of containment of hydrocarbons and  
for our mineral assets, desalination facilities that discharge  
high salinity water in low volumes; port operations located in 
proximity to communities and/or key marine areas; and other 
potentially uncontrolled operational discharges.

A catastrophic hydrocarbon (oil) loss of containment from an 
offshore facility into the marine environment is a major incident 
event with the potential for serious environmental and social 
impacts. A number of controls are in place to manage this risk  
to as low as reasonably practical. These include: 

•  pressure relief systems, engineering design specifications, 
passive protection and bunding, treatment and collection 
systems and continuous monitoring during operations; 
•  use of management controls, such as job risk assessment, 
management of change process, on the job assessments, 
toolbox talks and emergency preparedness plans and drills; 
•  oil plume modelling to inform potential impacts and controls  

to minimise impacts; 

•  operational procedures that include performance standards  

for critical equipment and maintenance activities, inspections 
and audits, and testing of emergency systems.

Water access, sanitation and hygiene risk
Water access, sanitation and hygiene is a Tier 1 risk at all assets 
where drinking water and sanitation facilities are provided for  
the workforce and/or communities. 

For example, WAIO provides drinking water to the community  
of Newman, five operational mining areas and one closed mine, 
and supplements supply to its port and rail assets. Therefore, 
management of this water is critical to our operations and 
surrounding communities. To manage this risk, WAIO adopts  
a management system approach based on ISO 9001, which 
integrates World Health Organisation and the Australian Drinking 
Water Guidelines requirements, as well as a number of international 
standards to enable a holistic approach to drinking water safety 
and infrastructure management. 

Value chain risk
Water-related risks can indirectly affect operations via our value 
chain, from supply to operations to customers. For example,  
floods in one part of the world may affect supplies of a critical 
input or item of equipment necessary to sustain our operations. 
Additionally, tightening regulation around water discharges  
in a particular country or region may constrain our customers’ 
manufacturing operations. This may have flow on effects to  
our ability to sell certain commodities.

Following a high-level assessment of our value chain risk 
undertaken in FY2018, we identified a concentration of suppliers 
and customers in China. In FY2019, we began a more detailed 
assessment of value chain water-related risks in this region,  
which will further our understanding of opportunities to work  
with suppliers and customers to better manage water-related risks.

Non-operated assets 
For information on BHP’s interests in companies and joint ventures 
that we do not operate and how we engage with them around 
sustainable development, refer to the Sustainability at our 
non-operated minerals joint ventures and petroleum non-
operated assets section.

Petroleum non-operated assets
In our current petroleum non-operated assets, we have processes 
in place to identify and manage risks within the rights afforded by 
the respective joint operating agreements. An example is in Bass 
Strait, offshore Victoria, Australia, where a number of water-related 
risks are being monitored by the operator as part of our joint 
venture arrangement. These include risks associated with per-
fluoroalkyl and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, non-aqueous phase 
contamination and oil-in-water metering.

Non-operated minerals joint ventures
Water stewardship is as vital for our non-operated joint ventures 
(NOJVs) as for our operated assets. We have actively engaged with 
our NOJVs to better understand their water-related requirements. 
For example, we have worked with Antamina and its shareholders 
to secure their commitment to align with ICMM sustainability 
principles. In addition, Cerrejón is implementing a water 
management approach focused on efficient use of water and  
a basins-based approach. It is also increasing stakeholder 
engagement to better understand the needs and concerns of  
local communities. For more information, refer to cerrejon.com.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

52

Water continued

Risk management can create opportunities
Effective water-related risk management can contribute to 
long-term business, social and environmental benefits, such as:

•  increased productivity;
•  improved community benefits;
•  improved water disclosure and governance;
•  reputational benefits;
•  increased business opportunities;
•  reduced liabilities and long-term legacy issues;
•  increased long-term business resilience.

An example of an opportunity from effective risk management  
is how our WAIO operations manage dewatering. Dewatering at 
WAIO produces more water than is required for mining activities. 
This surplus water is a valuable resource and WAIO’s preference  
is to implement a controlled return of this water to aquifers through 
a managed aquifer recharge process. This approach has a number 
of benefits. It preserves the water resource for future use by BHP  
or other parties, minimises our environmental footprint and  
places less impact on the cultural heritage values of the 
surrounding landscape, which is an important consideration  
for Traditional Owners.

BHP’s Water Stewardship Strategy seeks to leverage technology 
solutions to significantly reduce water-related impacts and deliver 
benefits beyond our operations. 

We have initiated a global review of emerging and potentially new 
technology, which could provide solutions within the themes  
of water treatment and water recovery. Some examples include:

•  Olympic Dam tailings decant water treatment for reuse and  

to partially offset Great Artesian Basin supply; 

•  Escondida tailings dam water recovery/treatment for reuse;
•  Queensland Coal mine affected water treatment for reuse  

or discharge. 

Water governance
We have a range of core business processes, requirements and 
guidance materials that apply to our management of water  
at Group and operational levels. These include:

•  our corporate planning, scenario, strategy and investment 

evaluation processes;

•  standards such as Our Requirements and other Group-wide 

standards, including those on risk management, environment 
and climate change, closure, human rights, community and 
stakeholder engagement; 

•  technical water management standards.

For more information, refer to Our sustainability approach section.

BHP has established cross-functional teams to implement our 
approach to water stewardship at Group and regional levels.  
These teams include representatives from Planning; Engineering; 
Strategy; Health, Safety and Environment; Community; Corporate 
Affairs; Operations; Risk; and Legal.

Water accounting
We have publicly reported our water withdrawals and discharges 
for more than 15 years, since the establishment of the Minerals 
Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework (WAF) Input-
Output Model. 

We transitioned our reporting in FY2019 to align with the ICMM  
‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’ (ICMM Guidelines), 
an international accounting framework for our sector. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

53

Although the ICMM Guidelines are in general alignment with the 
WAF and the basic reporting requirements of the Global Reporting 
Initiative, alignment to the ICMM Guidelines has resulted in some 
changes to the way we now report water data. 

A key change relates to the terminology we use. We now describe 
our water inputs as water withdrawals and what we previously 
referred to as water outputs is now referred to as water 
consumption or water discharges.

We report our water withdrawals (water intended for use by the  
site or operational facility) by source and water discharges and 
consumption (water used by the site or operational facility) by 
receiving body. 

During FY2019, BHP continued to focus on improving the 
robustness of water data in line with the ICMM Guidelines. 

Glossary: ICMM water reporting terms used by BHP

Term

Withdrawal

Discharge

Consumption

Diversion

Water quality 
– Type 1

Water quality 
– Type 2

Water quality 
– Type 3

Description

The volume of water received by the site or 
operational facility from the water environment 
and/or a third party supplier.

The volume of water removed from the site  
or operational facility to the water environment 
and/or a third party supplier.

The volume of water used by the site or 
operational facility and not returned to the  
water environment or a third party.

Water actively managed by a site or operational 
facility but not used for any operational 
purposes. Diversions are reported as both 
withdrawals and discharges and may include:

•  flood waters that are discharged to an external 

surface water body; 

•  dewatering volumes produced by aquifer 

interception that are reinjected to 
groundwater or discharged to surface water.

Water of high quality that would require  
minimal (if any) treatment to meet drinking 
water standards.

Water of medium quality that would require 
moderate treatment to meet drinking water 
standards (it may have a high salinity threshold 
of no higher than 5,000 milligrams per litre  
Total Dissolved Solids and other individual 
constituents).

Water of low quality that would require 
significant treatment to meet drinking water 
standards. It may have individual constituents 
with high values of Total Dissolved Solids, 
elevated levels of metals or extreme levels of 
pH. This type of water also includes sea water.

BHP has continued to group water quality into three categories  
in line with the WAF as this provides more granularity. Type 1  
and Type 2 equate to high-quality water, while Type 3 equates  
to low-quality water under the ICMM Guidelines.

Water continued

Water performance
Progress on our Water Stewardship Strategy 

Strategy pillar

Risk

Embed processes and systems to effectively 
manage water-related risk and realise 
opportunities at a catchment level in the  
short and longer term.

Technology 

Leverage technology solutions that drive  
a step-change reduction in water-related 
risks, realise opportunities and deliver 
multiple benefits.

Value

Effectively value water in investment and 
operational decisions through integration into 
strategy, planning and evaluation frameworks.

Disclosure

Transparently disclose water-related risks, 
management and performance at an  
asset level.

Collective action

Collaborate with stakeholders to improve 
regional water policy and catchment 
governance and address shared water 
challenges within our communities and 
across our value chain.

What we did in FY2019

We issued an internal Water Management Standard that set mandatory requirements 
for water-related risk management, planning and review. This standard will help to 
ensure consistency across all operations, while accommodating regional context.

We developed two internal global water standards to improve our approach to  
drinking water and water data management processes. 

All three standards form part of BHP’s ‘three lines of defence’ model of risk  
governance and management. The business is currently progressing towards 
compliance with these standards.

We reviewed priority water-related risks, undertook a review of the robustness of  
our water-related data and commenced the integration of long-term water strategy  
in standard planning practices for all assets. 

We identified actions to improve our understanding of risks within the catchments  
in which we operate, taking account of environmental, community and third party 
interactions.

We continued to progress our technology road map and reviewed technologies 
available for water recovery from tailings, water data management systems and  
water treatment options.

We collaborated with the Columbia University Water Center (in the United States)  
to explore approaches to water valuation through a retrospective case study of our 
Escondida desalination decision. A synthesis report of the findings can be viewed  
at www.water.columbia.edu/research-themes/risk-and-financial-instruments/ 
risk-based-water-valuation-for-mining-companies/.

We sought feedback from investors, NGOs and other stakeholders on our first  
Water Report and have sought to reflect and build on that feedback in this Report.

We transitioned our water reporting to align with the ICMM Guidelines.

We have developed a Water Stewardship Position Statement following broad 
engagement with external stakeholders.

We have continued to collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate, including supporting  
an initiative to harmonise water accounting. 

We developed internal guidance on collective actions and participated in collective 
action initiatives across our portfolio to address shared water risks.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

54

Water continued

Our water target and goal
In FY2017, we announced a new five-year Group-wide water target 
and longer term goal. The five-year target is to reduce FY2022 
freshwater withdrawal(1) by 15 per cent from FY2017(2) levels. The 
target was developed taking account of each asset’s circumstances 
and focused on the use of freshwater as it is generally the most 
important water resource for communities and the environment.

Our longer term goal is to collaborate to enable integrated water 
resource management in all catchments where we operate by 
FY2030. It is aligned to the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goal 6 that seeks to ‘ensure availability and 
sustainable management of water and sanitation for all’.

Performance against freshwater withdrawal reduction target
Freshwater withdrawal increased 9 per cent in FY2019 compared  
to FY2018. However, overall we remain on track to attain the 
15 per cent reduction target by FY2022, with FY2019 withdrawals 
1 per cent below the FY2017 adjusted baseline, as shown on the 
right. Continued improvements in data quality and understanding, 
particularly at WAIO and our Queensland Coal assets, resulted in 
data changes that required restatements to FY2017 data which form 
part of the FY2017 baseline. Reductions in freshwater continued  
as a result of increased throughput of the desalination plant at 
Escondida and the subsequent reduced reliance on the region’s 
aquifers. The most material increase in water withdrawal was at 
WAIO, due to increases in production and water required for dust 
suppression and ore processing. 

Performance against freshwater withdrawal 
reduction target megalitres

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

FY2017

FY2018

FY2019

FY2020

FY2021

Freshwater withdrawal

FY2022 target

All data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US).

Performance against our longer term goal
Much of our initial collective action work is directed at supporting 
local integrated water resource management (IWRM) initiatives. 
During FY2019, we commenced the development of guidance  
on how to approach collective action in support of IWRM. Effective 
disclosure is fundamental to the success of IWRM initiatives and 
we have continued to collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate  
to support harmonisation of water accounting standards. We see 
this as a critical step to enhancing transparency and collaboration 
across all sectors for improved water governance. In line with our 
Water Stewardship Position Statement, we anticipate releasing  
the initial set of context-based, business-level targets by FY2022.

(1)  Where ‘withdrawal’ is defined as water withdrawn and intended for use (in accordance with ‘A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’, ICMM (2017)). ‘Freshwater’ is 
defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water. Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not  
be available for other uses. These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other  
users or the environment.

(2)  The FY2017 baseline data has been adjusted to account for: the materiality of the strike affecting water withdrawals at Escondida in FY2017 and improvements to water balance 

methodologies at WAIO and Queensland Coal in FY2019. Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

55

Water continued

Water performance summary
The below summarises BHP’s global water performance for FY2019. 

over 80 per cent of our withdrawals being either Type 2 or Type 3 
water quality. 

For a Group-wide, year-on-year comparison of our water data,  
refer to Performance data – Environment and Performance data 
– Water appendices. For asset-level performance for FY2019, refer 
to the BHP asset-level water data summary appendix.

This is the first year we have reported consumption (these data 
were previously captured in output, now termed discharge, data). 
Evaporation and entrainment(3) data, account for the majority  
of consumed water.

It should be noted that for all water performance data presented  
in this section, Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have 
been excluded.

Sea water continues to be our largest source of water withdrawn, 
representing close to half of total withdrawals, influenced largely 
by desalination at Escondida. Groundwater is our next most 
significant withdrawal, at over one-third of total withdrawals,  
driven by WAIO and Escondida. Surface water withdrawals, largely 
influenced by rainfall, are primarily driven by our Queenlsand coal 
assets. Where possible, we seek to use lower-quality water with 

Over 80 per cent of our assets measure elements of their withdrawal 
and discharge volumes. We simulate or estimate elements, such as 
evaporation and entrainment volumes, as these are challenging to 
measure and vary over time due to seasonal and product variability. 
Estimation is also used in some instances (e.g. for runoff at 
Queenlsand coal) for quality categorisation. 

During FY2019, BHP continued to improve our water data from 
both a volume and quality categorisation perspective. We also 
released an internal Group-wide water data standard. As a result, 
we expect our water reporting to continue to strengthen.

Consumption(1)

Total
268,620 ML

Evaporation
139,980 ML (52%)

Entrainment(3)
107,270 ML (40%)

Other
21,370 ML (8%)

Withdrawals(2)

Total
352,950 ML
Withdrawals (by source)

Sea water
169,100 ML (48%)

Ground water
133,260 ML (38%)

Surface water
50,580 ML (14%)

Total
withdrawals
(by quality)

Type 1 – 58,850 ML (16%)
Type 2 – 37,560 ML (11%) 
Type 3 – 256,550 ML (73%)

Diversions 
(Withdrawals) 

Total
101,520 ML

BHP
Operations

Diversions

Dewatering

Stormwater 
management

Third-party 
water supply

Discharges

Total
119,250 ML

Discharges (by destination)

Sea water
114,450 ML (96%)
Surface water
2,940 ML (2.4%)

Groundwater
1,540 ML (1.3%)
Third party
320 ML (0.3%)

Total
discharges
(by type)

Type 1 – 0 ML (0%)
Type 2 – 3,060 ML (2.5%)
Type 3 – 116,190 ML (97.5%)

Diversions
(Discharges)

Total
72,500 ML

(1)  Evaporation and entrainment, previously reported as water outputs under the WAF, have been reported under consumption to align with the ICMM Guidelines.
(2)  Includes rainfall and runoff volumes captured and used during the reporting year; rainfall and runoff volumes that have been captured and stored are excluded  

and will be reported in the future year of use.

(3)  Entrainment includes water incorporated into product and/or waste streams, such as tailings, that cannot be easily recovered.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

56

Water continued

Next steps
During FY2019, we continued to work on our Water Stewardship 
Strategy. Significant milestones included the development of  
our Water Stewardship Position Statement and Group-wide 
technical standards. 

Water stewardship will enter a new phase of implementation in 
FY2020; firstly, within our businesses, as we embed enhancements 
to risk management and then more broadly, as we seek to establish 
additional collaborations to move towards our vision of water 
security for all. 

We will build on our current public targets with the development  
of context-based, business-level water targets. The development  
of these targets will vary across our assets, as we consider both  
the nature of our interactions with water and the shared water 
challenges within each region. 

We anticipate releasing an initial set of context-based, business-
level water targets by FY2022. 

Image: 'The Pilbara Project'. Photograph by Peter Eastway 2001.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

57

In this section:
Working with communities
Respecting human rights
Indigenous peoples

Society 

We are committed to developing 
and strengthening relationships 
with communities based on respect, 
honesty and trust. 
Our collaborative approach to 
building meaningful and sustainable 
partnerships lays the foundation for 
social value and delivers a positive 
contribution to the quality of life  
and resilience of communities 
where we have a presence. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

58

Society

We believe we are successful when we work in partnership with communities to achieve long-term social, 
environmental and economic outcomes. To support this, we must consider social value in our decision-
making and work with communities where we have a presence. Social value is the sum of our contribution to 
society underpinned by respectful and mutually beneficial partnerships that prioritise social, environmental 
and economic outcomes. Through this approach, we can create opportunities and address challenges that 
we cannot solve alone. 

In FY2019, we completed an in-depth review of how we understand 
and support social value. The purpose of the review was to identify 
areas for improvement that will help us achieve our goal of building 
social value. The review focused on how we can improve our 
capacity to connect to communities, understand their ambitions 
and work to empower these communities. Implementation of  
the review’s recommendations commenced in FY2019, based  
on a phased approach according to business and community 
priority needs. 

Understanding what communities and stakeholders think of BHP  
is central to our ability to build social value. We need to know our 
stakeholders and their areas of interest and influence, and we need 
to spend time with them. We understand the significance of 
dialogue with communities to develop a common approach to 
managing the impact of and realising benefits from our operations.

We also continue to recognise the important role our social 
investment programs and initiatives play in making a positive 
contribution towards improving the quality of life of communities 

where we have a presence and supporting the achievement  
of the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals.  
Our long-standing commitment to invest not less than 1 per cent  
of our pre-tax profit(1) continued in FY2019. 

Guided by our Social Investment Framework, community 
development projects and donations align to three core themes  
of governance, human capability and social inclusion, and 
environment. However, we understand that without building 
meaningful partnerships and connections, social investments  
will not achieve their maximum potential. That is why we work  
with communities to embrace collective action and advocacy.

The BHP Foundation, a charitable organisation established  
and funded by BHP, continues to work in partnership with 
internationally recognised institutions, think tanks and non-
government organisations to address some of the most critical 
sustainable development challenges facing society that are 
directly relevant to the resources sector. For more information  
on the BHP Foundation’s work, refer to the Charitable entity 
funding in this section.

Our social investment approach

Social Investment 
Framework
Funded by a long-standing
commitment to invest not 
less than one per cent of 
pre-tax profits

A charitable organisation 
funded by BHP
Works to address 
critical sustainability 
development challenges

C a p ability and inclusion(b)
i o n   a nd
Health and
wellbeing

E d u c a t
t

r a i n i n g

S

o

inclu

cial
sio

n

g

Institutio n al
strength e nin

ernance(a)

v
o
G

n

ptio

y
c
n
re
a
p
s
n
a
r
T

u
r
r
o
 c
d
n
a

g
o
v

r

e

N

s

a

e

o

t

r

u

u

n

r

r

a

a

c

l

n

e

c

e

G

l

o

b

a

l

S

i

g

n

E

d

u

e

q

c

a

tio

n

u

it

y

a

t

u

r
e P

ro

gra

ms

United
States

n try Programs

Enviromental
resilience

Au s t r a l

i a

a

d

a

n

a

C

u

o

C

C

n

E

C

li

h

m

a

a

n

t

g

e

e

B

i

a

o

n

d

i

d

v

i

r

o

n

m

e

n

t

(

c

)

v
e
r
s

w
a
t

e
r

i
t
y

e
l
hi
C

(a)  We aim to contribute to good governance with a focus on reducing corruption, enhancing transparency and strengthening of institutions.
(b)  We aim to enhance human capability and social inclusion through increasing the number of people with improved health and wellbeing, access to quality education and

vacational training, and enhanced livelihood opportunities.

(c)  We aim to contribute to enduring environmental and social benefits through biodiversity conservation, water stewardship and climate change mitigation and adaptation.

(1)  Calculated as 1 per cent of the average of the previous three years pre-tax profit.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

59

 
 
 
Society continued

Engaging with communities 
At the centre of our stakeholder engagement approach is an 
understanding that healthy and sustainable relationships are built  
on open, honest and mutually respectful dialogue. Our Code  
of Conduct and the Our Requirements for Communications, 
Community and External Engagement standard govern our  
actions in making a positive contribution to communities where  
we have a presence and minimising adverse impacts where these 
cannot be avoided.

Our community practitioners apply a range of systems, processes 
and tools across our operations to help us understand, plan, 
implement and evaluate our engagement activities. This includes 
social baseline analysis, social impact and opportunity assessments, 
human rights impact assessments, stakeholder mapping and 
community perception surveys. This information informs our 

approach to community engagement, community development 
and social investment activities that aim to be culturally sensitive 
and socially inclusive. 

By assessing the social, economic, political, security and 
environmental factors affecting communities, we can identify  
and monitor emerging social trends, better manage social  
impacts and reputational risks associated with our operations  
and contribute to social value.

At a broader level, we actively participate in forums, think tanks 
and discussions on themes that span our global communities, such 
as the environment, energy, automation, sustainable development, 
transparency and human rights. Our public commitments and 
voluntary initiatives are listed on our website (bhp.com).

Our collaborative community approach

Working together

Understanding communities

Comprehensive planning

Effective implementation

Monitoring performance

Defining host community 
boundaries

Identifying stakeholders

Conducting social 
baseline studies

Assessing social impacts 
and opportunities

Understanding the local 
human rights context 
and associated impacts

Working with local people 
to identify and secure 
Indigenous cultural heritage

Stakeholder Engagement 
Management Plan

Human Rights 
Management Plan

Complaints and 
grievance mechanisms

Community Development 
Management Plan

Local Procurement Plan

Indigenous Peoples Plans

Culturally aware staff

Inclusive and culturally 
appropriate decision-making 
and engagement

Collaborative management 
of community partner 
performance

Robust governance 
frameworks and community 
partner due diligence for 
social investment activities

Timely response to 
community incidents

Community perception 
surveys

Complaints and grievance 
analysis

Community incident analysis

Research and benchmarking

Consistent monitoring 
and evaluation

Annual independent 
verification of data and 
social performance

Contributing to improved quality of life

s
e
m
o
c
t
u
O

s
e
m
o
c
t
u
O

Addressing social risks and impacts
We recognise our responsibility to contribute to and respect the 
health, safety and wellbeing of communities.

BHP has a target of zero significant community events. Overseen 
by the Board’s Risk and Audit Committee, we identify, assess  
and manage significant community events using our global  
Risk Framework. 

We are also conscious that we must facilitate and enable appropriate 
access to regular, open and honest dialogue, so that we understand 
the expectations, concerns and interests of stakeholders and 
incorporate these into our business plans. Aligned with the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, all BHP assets 
are required to have local mechanisms in place to support 
engagement with the community, record complaints and 
grievances, and address these in a timely and culturally 
appropriate manner. 

In FY2019, we developed a globally consistent methodology to  
the design of our grievance mechanisms, with sufficient flexibility 
to account for the local cultural and operational context. This 
methodology will be piloted and rolled out across our assets  
in FY2020. For more information on grievance mechanisms and 
access to remedy within our supply chain, refer to our FY2019 
Modern Slavery Act Statement, available at bhp.com. 

We also introduced a new event management system for recording 
health, safety, environmental and community events. For more 
information, refer to the Health section. The new system includes 
an expanded category for community complaints and grievances 
relating to amenity, behaviour, human rights and Indigenous rights. 
This will allow us to improve our investigation, management and 
analysis of issues and impacts on the community.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

60

Society continued

In FY2019, there were no new social, environmental or human rights 
grievance cases recorded by our asset teams. However, the number 
of community complaints received through our local complaints 
and grievance mechanisms increased during the 12-month reporting 
period, from 71 to 138 incidents. This increased number of 
complaints was primarily attributed to dust-related issues at our 
coal operations, associated with drier than normal conditions in 
Queensland and the prolonged drought in New South Wales, as well 
as an increase in odour complaints at our Nickel West operation.  
We continue to work with these stakeholders to seek to address 
their concerns through engaging in open and honest dialogue. 

Community concerns raised in FY2019
In FY2019, community interest continued to focus on environmental 
impacts (water usage and access), economic development and 
employment opportunities. Our Environment team is working with 
communities, government, business and civil society on projects 

that aim to improve water governance and address water 
challenges by focusing on shared spiritual, cultural, recreational, 
ecological and economic values. For more information on our  
work in this area, refer to the Water section. 

We continue to work collaboratively with local, regional and 
national stakeholder groups to enable people to express their 
views and experiences to the business. This shared dialogue  
helps inform our decision-making on issues that are important  
to communities, develop appropriate mitigation measures to 
resolve concerns and identify new partnership opportunities  
that can support local aspirations.

An overview of community concerns relating to BHP’s operating 
assets raised in FY2019 is provided below. For information on  
how we are responding to these concerns, refer to the following 
Regional community focus section.

BHP stakeholder concerns by region

Canada

•  Environmental impacts
•  Employment and training
•  Board sanction commitment

Queensland and
New South Wales

•  Environmental impacts
•  Economic development
•  Health (physical and mental)
•  Opportunities for engagement
•  Fly in, fly out and drive in, drive out

United States

•  Environmental impacts
•  Employment and training
•  Economic development

Western Australia

•  Environmental impacts
•  Employment and training
•  Economic development

Chile

•  Environmental impacts
•  Employment and training
•  Economic development
•  Protection of cultural heritage

South Australia

•  Economic development
•  Health (physical and mental)
•  Youth engagement and support
•  Housing prices

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

61

Queensland 
In recognition that a thriving region is critical for the long-term 
interests of both communities and business, BHP entered into a 
three-year partnership with the Greater Whitsunday Alliance (GW3). 
The partnership aims to encourage better collaboration among 
stakeholders to progress the region’s development priorities and 
initiatives. The scope of the partnership is two-fold and includes 
enhancing GW3’s capacity to effectively advocate, engage and 
promote the region, and also deliver a number of priority projects 
that are designed to have a direct and positive impact on the 
region’s future.

 For more information, read our case study A collective 

approach to regional development in Queensland at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

New South Wales 
In partnership with Upper Hunter Community Services, our  
Mt Arthur Coal asset supports a Community Capacity Building 
Project. The project employs community development officers  
to engage with community members, conduct research into 
potential community development projects and explore 
mechanisms for building collaboration between services and 
community-based organisations. Muswellbrook’s Work for the  
Dole program was developed under the partnership and assists 
unemployed community members to return to work. The project  
is also working to develop a mental health app that provides  
details of local medical and mental health practitioners, drug  
and alcohol support services and direct links to hotlines and 
websites, including Lifeline, Beyond Blue and Headspace.

South Australia
Through our Olympic Dam operations, BHP’s partnership with  
the Adelaide Football Club Women’s competition is supporting 
grassroots and pathway development for young Indigenous  
and non-Indigenous women in regional areas. The three-year 
partnership has a strong emphasis on inclusion and diversity,  
with a focus on the mental and physical health of young people  
to build resilience and social connections through a fun and 
supportive program.

Trinidad and Tobago
We have partnered with United Way Trinidad and Tobago,  
a non-profit organisation that raises charitable donations from 
companies and individuals and channels these funds to non-
government organisations to deliver critical social services  
to citizens in need. The partnership is focused on developing 
medium-to long-term flood relief and mitigation activities  
in vulnerable locations across Trinidad and Tobago.

Society continued

Regional community focus 
In addressing regional community concerns, we work collectively 
with multiple stakeholders to identify, develop and advocate for 
partnerships and strategies that will make a real difference in those 
communities. Below are some examples of how we are doing this. 

Australia
Local Buying Program
Now in its seventh year, our Local Buying Program remains a core 
community program in providing regional economic development 
opportunities to local businesses in those regions where our  
assets are located. The Program is designed to encourage better 
relationships between our operations and small businesses,  
and build capability and capacity across the local supply chain.  
A critical element of the Local Buying Program is the streamlining 
of onboarding, procurement and payment processes, which 
includes 21-day payment terms from receipt of invoice.

In FY2019, more than 1,380 local suppliers across Queensland,  
New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia registered 
with the Program. Approval was given for over 9,100 work packages 
and local business expenditure of more than US$82 million. 

For all approved transactions processed through the Local Buying 
Program, BHP makes a financial contribution to established Local 
Buying Foundations located in Queensland and New South Wales, 
with the rollout of foundations in South Australia and Western 
Australia planned for 2020. Funds allocated to these foundations 
are used to establish business development programs that target 
genuine community needs and complement social investment 
projects already being delivered by BHP. 

A Local Buying Foundation Advisory Committee is established for 
each foundation, comprising community members who have an 
interest, skills and expertise in regional economic development. 
The committees provide guidance and market/environmental 
intelligence to inform, identify and support the investment and 
disbursement of the funds and oversee effective governance  
of the foundations. 

Local Voices Project 
In FY2019, we engaged the CSIRO for a three-year project to 
provide communities neighbouring our operations in Central 
Queensland (Dysart and Moranbah), New South Wales, South 
Australia and Western Australia, an opportunity to express their 
views and experiences of BHP’s presence in their community. 
Known as Local Voices, feedback received through this project  
will help inform our decision-making on the issues that matter most 
to these communities. This data will help us better understand the 
concerns and aspirations of the communities in which we have  
a presence, building trust through improved relationships that  
is based on mutual understanding of the different aspects of  
our operations and how they affect the community.

Western Australia
We developed an education strategy to establish early childhood, 
primary/secondary and tertiary (both vocational and university) 
partnerships with government and education institutions;  
develop pathways to employment through improving access  
to scholarships, apprenticeships and trainee programs; and  
invest in technology and automation programs within secondary 
schools. The strategy also focuses on education initiatives that 
provide up-skill opportunities for our employees and potential 
future workforce.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

62

Society continued

Canada
We are focused on managing external expectations related to  
the Jansen Potash Project and anticipating the growth that would 
occur if the project was sanctioned. Social investment is targeted 
at capacity building programs for First Nations groups in the areas 
of social inclusion, education and training, and improving the 
health and wellness indicators and access to public services  
for local communities. We are also progressing the development  
of a new Petroleum project in Eastern Canada and exploring  
ways to work with other industry operators in the Atlantic  
coastal region to address community and First Nations  
concerns in a collaborative way.

United States
Coastal restoration and environmental and social capacity building 
in local communities are the focus of social investment in our  
US Petroleum business. Through our programs, we aim to develop 
sustained employment opportunities, safeguard water quality and 
access, and limit cumulative impacts on coastal areas.

Our partnership with the America’s WETLAND Foundation (AWL) 
and Resource Environmental Solutions (RES) has restored 60.7 
hectares (150 acres) of wetlands in the Barataria-Terrebonne 
National Estuary, one of the largest and most productive systems  
in the United States with an economic value of US$1.2 million  
per year. A hallmark of the partnership is educating the media, 
general public and government on the value of natural or  
green engineering in building resilience into the environment,  
as well as the role of public-private collaborations in advancing 
these projects.

 Read our case study about America’s WETLAND Foundation: 

Terrebone biodiversity and community resilience projects  
at bhp.com/community/case-studies.

Chile
In August 2018, we launched an Indigenous Peoples Plan (IPP)  
for South America, which lays the foundation to strengthen 
recognition, trust and long-term relationships based on four pillars 
of governance, economic empowerment, social and cultural 
support, and public engagement. To facilitate this, during 2019  
we created two external advisory groups to help check the 
progress of the plan, including an Indigenous Peoples Plan 
Consultative Council and Indigenous Peoples Plan Committee  
of Experts.

The Council was established in April 2019 and comprises 
representatives of Indigenous communities around our Escondida 
and Cerro Colorado copper mines in northern Chile. The Council is 
independent from BHP and focuses on more effective participation 
of Indigenous communities in the IPP’s implementation. The expert 
committee comprises specialists with experience in working on 
Indigenous issues relating to human rights, the environment, climate 
change, territory and heritage. The committee is responsible for 
developing a governance framework that recognises the collective 
rights of Indigenous peoples in Chile. It is also helping to strengthen 
BHP’s relationships by addressing shared challenges and ensuring 
our actions on Indigenous peoples’ lands where we operate can be 
sustainable. Together with BHP, these advisory groups are working 
to achieve greater inclusion and opportunities for collaboration 
with Indigenous communities.

Social investment
We recognise the opportunity our social investment programs 
have to make a positive contribution to the quality of life of the 
community and to complement our broader business priorities  
and activity. Through our long-standing commitment to invest  
not less than 1 per cent of our pre-tax profit in social and 
environmental projects and donations, we generate social value 
through greater engagement with a broad set of stakeholders.  
Our contribution to sustainability challenges at the local, regional, 
national and global levels is a key element in managing current  
and future risks. It also provides an opportunity to build long-term 
reciprocal relationships with stakeholders. 

We seek to develop strategic social investment partnerships by 
advocating collective action, bringing together key stakeholders  
to support the self-determination of communities, with a shared 
approach to solving local challenges, and building local 
opportunities. We generate social value through our contribution 
to grass roots initiatives, such as community donations, employee 
volunteering, our Local Buying Program and the BHP Matched 
Giving Program.

In FY2019, we commenced the management of our social 
investment contracts for community projects and donations 
through our Global Contract Management System. The new 
system enables an integrated end-to-end partnership management 
approach that is auditable, transparent and enhances our ability  
to communicate and report on our social investment activities. 

Our voluntary social investment in FY2019 totalled US$93.5 million,(1) 
consisting of US$55.7 million in direct community development 
projects and donations, US$8.9 million equity share to non-operated 
joint venture programs, a US$16.57 million donation to the BHP 
Foundation and US$4 million to the Matched Giving and 
community small grants programs. Administrative costs to 
facilitate social investment activities at our assets totalled 
US$6.27 million and US$2 million supported the operations  
of the BHP Foundation.

Under our Social Investment Framework theme of governance,  
we invested US$6.24 million in projects that aim to reduce 
corruption, enhance transparency and strengthen institutions  
in Australia, Canada, Chile, China and Trinidad and Tobago.  
In FY2019, more than 145 non-government organisations and 
approximately 679 small businesses participated in BHP-funded 
capacity building activities. This increase in the participation rate 
of small businesses was predominantly from new opportunities 
associated with our Local Buying Program in Queensland,  
New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia,  
a new partnership with the Port Hedland Chamber of Commerce  
in Western Australia and GW3 in Queensland.

Through our social investment in human capability and social 
inclusion, we contributed a total of US$33.15 million, which saw 
more than 78,458 people positively benefit from education and 
training, health and wellbeing, and social inclusion programs. 

(1)  FY2019 social investment figure includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

63

BHP Foundation 
Many of the world’s most pressing social and environmental 
challenges need solutions at global and national levels. The BHP 
Foundation (Foundation), a US-based charitable organisation 
established and funded by BHP, has embarked on a bold and 
ambitious program to take on these issues and enhance the 
contribution the global resources sector can make to achieving 
many of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. 

The scale and complexity of these global challenges are enormous: 

•  1.8 billion people in mineral-rich regions live in extreme poverty;
•  6.5 million hectares of forest are lost every year, driven by 

growing demand for food and natural resources;

•  263 million children globally are not in school and a further 
330 million who go to school are not learning basic skills.

Since 2015, the Foundation has been working with leading global 
non-government organisations and institutions to implement 
practical and long-term solutions designed to bring about 
large-scale, transformative change. The Foundation has three 
global priorities: 

•  Natural resource governance – the ambition is to harness the 
power of natural resource wealth for sustainable and inclusive 
human development.

•  Environmental resilience – the ambition is to support new  
ways of conserving and sustainably managing large-scale, 
globally significant natural environments for the benefit  
of future generations. 

•  Education equity – the ambition is to harness the potential of 

marginalised and under-represented young people by enabling 
equitable access to quality education. 

Complementing the global programs are country programs, which 
aim to support national development priorities and draw on BHP’s 
expertise to support the Foundation’s work. Country programs 
have been implemented in Australia and Chile, and in the future 
will be implemented in Canada and the United States. 

The Foundation has projects in 36 countries and works with more 
than 30 partner organisations that are leaders in their fields. 
Projects are selected based on their potential to forge new models 
for addressing complex issues and set new standards, and are 
designed to deliver measurable, effective and practical solutions for 
local impact. The Foundation also advocates on the global stage for 
the change it wants to see. For more information about the 
Foundation’s programs, visit bhp.com/community/bhp-foundation.

Society continued

These programs supported approximately 66,277 school-aged 
students from Australia, Chile, China, Singapore and Trinidad  
and Tobago who participated in BHP-funded education programs  
of which nearly 7,764 were girls and women and 4,548 were 
Indigenous people. Some 519 scholarships were awarded, 
including 341 received by Indigenous students and 10,867 people 
were provided with access to new or improved health services(1), 
including 224 Indigenous people and 801 women. Through our 
community partners, some 795 people received job-related 
training, with programs designed to support the career 
development of individuals and contribute to the prosperity  
of local organisations. 

Our contribution to environmental projects totalled US$16.3 million 
in Australia, Chile, China, Kenya, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago and  
the United States. These projects aim to contribute to enduring 
environmental and social benefits through biodiversity conservation, 
water stewardship and climate change mitigation and adaption.

Matched Giving Program
We are proud to support the organisations that are important  
to our employees. Through our Matched Giving Program, BHP 
matches personal donations made by our employees to eligible 
not-for-profit organisations at a ratio of 2:1, which equates to  
a BHP donation of two dollars for every dollar donated.

In FY2019, we introduced some important changes, modelled on 
how most employees were already using the Program. In order to 
create greater impact with the organisations most popular with  
our employees and to strengthen the governance of the Program, 
a list of 50 eligible organisations (along with their chapters in  
other eligible locations) and a new matching cap of US$10,000  
per employee, per financial year, were introduced. Legacy 
donations were also matched to enable a smooth transition  
from the previous program. 

Throughout the year, 4,175 of our employees participated in  
the Matched Giving Program, supporting 350 not-for-profit 
organisations. These organisations received over US$3.21 million  
via the Program.

Charitable entity funding
BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities
BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities (BSC), based in the United 
Kingdom, was established to partner with organisations to deliver 
large-scale, long-term social and environmental development 
projects. We continued to transition to a single BHP-funded 
charitable entity (the BHP Foundation) in FY2019, while BSC 
honoured its remaining project commitments. 

Two of the three remaining BSC flagship programs were concluded 
during FY2019: the ANDA Project in Colombia and the ACDI/VOCA 
Project in Mozambique. The final program is due to be completed 
in FY2020, at which time BSC will commence winding up. 

In FY2019, BSC provided US$764,590 to its sole remaining 
program, a five-year initiative with WaterAid©. This program  
works to improve the lives of thousands of people in Mozambique 
through access to equitable, inclusive and sustainable water, 
sanitation and hygiene services.

 For more information, read our case study Supporting 

vulnerable populations in regional Colombia at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

(1)  'Access to health services' includes awareness and training initiatives linked to the delivery of available health services, the provision of mental and physical health services  

and health-related infrastructure and equipment.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

64

Society continued

Supporting local economic growth
BHP proudly supports the growth of local businesses in the regions 
where we operate, through sourcing and promoting locally available 
products and services. Our assets develop local procurement 
plans that identify opportunities for local suppliers, including  
small businesses to deliver capacity building and employment 
creation initiatives. These initiatives are designed to be sustainable 
post BHP’s presence.

During FY2019, 14 per cent of our external expenditure was with 
local suppliers. An additional 82 per cent of our supply expenditure 
was located within the regions in which we operate. We contributed 
US$16 billion to more than 10,000 suppliers globally, of which 
US$2 billion supported local community suppliers where we 
operate. These figures remain comparable to previous years, 
although local spend was lower due to the sale of our Onshore  
US assets during FY2019. 

Our expenditure with local suppliers in FY2019 was mostly in 
Trinidad and Tobago (57 per cent), the United States (31 per cent), 
Chile (14 per cent) and Australia (12 per cent). See the Regional 
community focus section for more information about our Local 
Buying Program in Australia.

Distribution of supply expenditure(a)

Local 14%

Regional 82%

External to home country 4%

(a) Local spend refers to spend within the communities in which we operate. 
  Regional and national spend refers to spend within the regions, such as states
and provinces, and the home country of operation, excluding local spend.

Respecting human rights
We believe respecting human rights and contributing to the 
positive realisation of rights is not only critical to the sustainable 
operation of our business, it is the right thing to do. Respecting 
human rights is important to our ability to contribute meaningful 
and ongoing social value to our stakeholders. Simply put, our 
success depends on how well we respect the rights of individuals 
and groups who interact with us and are impacted by our business. 

We are committed to respecting internationally recognised human 
rights as set out in the Universal Declaration on Human Rights  
and the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights,  
and operating in a manner consistent with the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights and the 10 UN Global 
Compact Principles.

We recognise the potential for human rights exposures and risks in 
all jurisdictions and are committed to working broadly to promote 
respect through stakeholder engagement, collaboration, advocacy 
and public policy. 

We engage with and respond to civil society, communities, 
investors and other stakeholder groups on issues related to  
our business and strive for transparency in all our interactions.  
In FY2019, we collaborated with external stakeholders through 
business and industry groups, human rights organisations and 
government representatives on the progression of the corporate 
responsibility to respect human rights.

Managing human rights risks
The most relevant human rights to BHP are those specific to our 
business and of vulnerable or marginalised groups impacted by 
our operations. These include rights related to:

•  workplace health, safety and labour conditions (including 

non-discrimination and the avoidance of forced and bonded 
labour and child labour);

•  activities of security providers;
•  land access and use;
•  water and sanitation;
•  impacts on the rights of Indigenous peoples and other 
communities that live near our operations, including 
resettlement and consultation and consent processes.

We recognise our accountability for continually assessing the 
human rights landscape, including those indirect impacts that  
may be contributed to by our activities.

Governance of human rights
Our Code of Conduct sets the standards of behaviour and human 
rights commitments for our people, as well as our contractors, 
suppliers and others who perform work for BHP. The commitments 
in Our Code of Conduct are implemented through mandatory 
minimum human rights performance requirements in the Our 
Requirements standards and through our policy statements.

Human rights are also integrated into BHP’s Risk Framework 
through these standards. Our Board’s Sustainability Committee 
assists with governance and monitoring of our approach, overseeing 
health, safety, environmental, community (HSEC) and other human 
rights matters. This includes the adequacy of the systems in place 
to identify and manage HSEC-related risks, legal and regulatory 
compliance and overall performance.

We are continuing to build our understanding of the human rights 
risks across all our activities and we have an active program of 
embedding enhancements to our approach.

We consolidated our existing human rights commitments and 
management approaches in FY2019 into a Group-wide policy 
statement. This action reflects Principle 16 of the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights.(1) Our Human Rights 
Policy Statement sets out the expectations of our people, business 
partners and other relevant parties to respect human rights.  
The Statement has been developed in consultation with Shift  
(a non-profit organisation that provides guidance on the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights), BHP employees, 
the Global Business Initiative (a business and human rights 
cross-industry member group) and other key external human  
rights stakeholders and experts. 

(1)  Principle 16 states: ‘As the basis for embedding their responsibility to respect human rights, business enterprises should express their commitment to meet this responsibility 

through a statement of policy.’

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

65

 
Society continued

Human rights due diligence and risk management
Human rights due diligence is one of the methods we use, in 
accordance with the Our Requirements standards, to identify,  
seek to prevent and mitigate adverse human rights impacts.  
This also helps to identify new opportunities for BHP to bolster 
human rights and support communications externally to 
stakeholders about BHP’s human rights risks and contributions.  
The inclusion of human rights in our global Risk Framework allows 
us to identify risks specific to a particular activity and also risks  
that are of a strategic and/or emerging nature, and to apply 
required controls at a site, functional and Group level.

With the establishment of our new Group Risk Architecture (refer to 
the Our sustainability approach section), human rights is a key risk 
indicator within the environment, climate change and community 
Group risk category. For information on our Risk Framework, risk 
factors and management approach, refer to our Annual Report 
2019, available online at bhp.com.

The Our Requirements standards require assets to complete  
a human rights impact assessment at least every three years  
(and review it whenever there are changes that may affect the 
impact profile). If a material human rights risk is found, a Human 
Rights Management Plan must be developed. A new globally 
consistent approach to human rights impact assessments was 
developed in FY2019 to enable a more comprehensive 
understanding of our human rights exposures across our assets 
and functions. The new methodology will be mandated under the 
Our Requirements standards. Following pilot programs in select 
locations, we expect this approach to be implemented across our 
assets by the end of FY2020. We are working closely with our Risk 
function to further integrate the learnings from these assessments 
into our broader risk assessments. 

Using the new Risk Framework, in FY2019 human rights risks were 
assessed in functional, exploration and project risk assessments. 
This includes inputs into a risk assessment for exploration activities 
in Ecuador and a human rights and Indigenous peoples' 
assessment for activities in Mexico. 

The Our Requirements standards also require human rights risks  
to be taken into account regarding decisions on acquisitions and 
divestments, new activities in high-risk countries and major 
projects to include the consideration of human rights and 
community impacts in their risk-based approach.

A human rights risk assessment was conducted on our global 
inbound supply chain in FY2019. Nine cross-functional teams 
across eight global locations participated in the two-day session. 
Behaviour resulting in human rights abuse by a direct or indirect 
supplier within BHP’s supply chain was identified as a material risk 
to the business. Controls at both a functional and Group level have 
been identified and assigned. 

Security
We seek to manage security according to our values, risk profiles 
and business requirements. This involves reviewing our alignment 
with the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights 
annually and completing improvement plans to address any gaps.

There were no significant security-related incidents with possible 
human rights implications recorded in FY2019. 

Stakeholder engagement
We engage regularly with investors, civil society, communities, 
Indigenous stakeholders, human rights experts and industry 
associations to understand current social expectations, trends  
and perceptions relating to human rights and the real and 
perceived impacts of our operations on communities. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

66

Capacity building and collaboration 
In FY2019, a high-level, broad-based human rights training video 
was designed to prompt employees to consider relevant human 
rights, understand the business case for respecting human rights 
and the necessary processes designed to implement our human 
rights commitments across the business. The training will be rolled 
out to relevant members of our workforce in FY2020.

We continue to be members of the Global Business Initiative and 
Shift, and have engaged both organisations to provide guidance 
on the development of our Human Rights Policy Statement and 
training video. Members of our operational and functional teams 
regularly participate in peer learning opportunities relating to the 
implementation of human rights principles in business. 

Setting requirements for our suppliers
We are taking a multi-year, systemic approach to integrating 
human rights due diligence for our supply chain process. This 
approach will allow us to align, formalise, continuously review  
and deepen our understanding and assessment of suppliers.  
At the centre of our approach is engagement with our direct 
suppliers to assess and encourage continuous improvement  
in their own capacity to manage human rights risks (including 
modern slavery) in their subcontractors and broader supply chain. 

Our FY2019 UK Modern Slavery Act Statement provides a detailed 
overview of our approach to managing human rights risks relating 
to modern slavery and trafficking in our supply chain and 
operations. The Statement is prepared under the UK Modern 
Slavery Act (2015) and is available online at bhp.com. 

Modern slavery legislation
The Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 took effect from January 
2019. BHP’s first statement under this legislation will be published 
for FY2020 by 31 December 2020. We engaged with the Australian 
Government throughout the consultation period of the legislation’s 
development, through direct engagement with the Department of 
Home Affairs and through the Global Compact Network Australia 
and the Business Council of Australia. We also provided input to 
the Minerals Council of Australia’s submission on the Government’s 
draft Guidance for Reporting Entities about the legislation.  
We continue to review best practice and work with the Global 
Compact Network Australia to ensure we are prepared for the  
new reporting requirement.

We continue to improve our understanding and management of 
modern slavery and human trafficking risks in our supply chain, 
and identify opportunities to work with other businesses, suppliers 
and regulators to seek to eradicate modern slavery from global 
supply chains. 

Society continued

Indigenous peoples
For BHP, Indigenous peoples are critical partners and stakeholders 
in many of our operations. Globally, many of our operations are 
located on or near traditional Indigenous lands and the long-term 
nature of our operations allows us to establish lasting relationships 
with the Indigenous communities in which we operate and those 
neighbouring our operations. We respect the rights of Indigenous 
peoples and the special connection they often have with the land, 
water and natural environment, and we understand that this 
connection can be spiritual, reaching beyond tangible objects or 
locations. We recognise that we must work alongside Indigenous 
peoples, building trust, meaningful engagement and genuine 
understanding of their views and interests.

We acknowledge that in the past we have not always listened  
as well as we could have, and our activities have had impacts  
on Indigenous peoples, culture, places and connection to country. 
Incorporating Indigenous voices into our activities strengthens our 
ability to positively contribute to the full realisation of the rights  
of Indigenous peoples. 

Indigenous Peoples Strategy
Our Code of Conduct outlines the expectation to recognise the 
traditional rights of Indigenous peoples and acknowledges their 
right to maintain their culture, identity, traditions and customs.

BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement articulates our approach 
to engagement and support for Indigenous peoples and our 
commitment to the ICMM Indigenous Peoples Position Statement. 

Our Indigenous Peoples Strategy guides the implementation of  
our Policy Statement. For information on our Strategy, refer to  
our website at bhp.com.

Our Global Indigenous Peoples Working Group (GIPWG) was 
established in 2016 to:

•  develop, govern and manage the implementation of our  

Policy Statement and Strategy;

•  identify opportunities to position BHP as a global leader  

in working with Indigenous peoples;

•  provide global and cross-functional leadership to promote  
a consistent position on our work with Indigenous peoples;
•  support regional teams to develop and implement regional 

Indigenous Peoples Plans. 

The GIPWG met regularly throughout FY2019 to discuss regional 
activities, global trends and issues of relevance to the 
implementation of the Indigenous Peoples Strategy.

BHP Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement
BHP aims to be a partner of choice for Indigenous peoples through which our relationships contribute 
to their economic empowerment, social development needs and cultural wellbeing.

Governance

Indigenous peoples will derive significant 
and sustainable benefit from BHP operations 
through the effective governance and 
management of land access, cultural 
heritage, agreement making and benefit 
distribution processes.

Social and cultural support

BHP will contribute to improved quality 
of life for Indigenous peoples through 
voluntary social investment, promotion 
of Indigenous culture and building the 
Indigenous cultural awareness 
of our workforce.

BHP Indigenous Peoples Strategy

Outcomes

BHP Good Practice Guidance

Economic empowerment

BHP will contribute to the economic 
empowerment of Indigenous peoples 
through providing opportunities for 
employment, training, procurement and 
Indigenous enterprise support.

Public engagement

BHP will contribute to specific initiatives, 
programs and public policy processes that 
advance the interests of Indigenous 
peoples consistent with the BHP 
Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

67

South America
In Chile, engagement and dialogue with Indigenous peoples has 
been a fundamental element of ongoing operations and the 
development of the Indigenous Peoples Plan for South America. 

In April 2019, BHP publicly released our FY2019–FY2023 South 
American Indigenous Peoples Plan in San Pedro de Atacama,  
Chile, attended by key Indigenous stakeholders. The plan focuses 
on opportunities for advocacy and strengthening opportunities  
for Indigenous employment. It defines the vision in each of the  
four pillars of BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Strategy, incorporates 
BHP’s global commitments, identifies and seeks to address current 
gaps in our approach and considers our local context, and the 
history and evolution of the Indigenous peoples in South America, 
particularly those in the areas where our activities are located. 

The plan is the first of its kind by a mining company in Chile.  
It establishes a platform of participation, dialogue and governance 
with Indigenous peoples in South America, helping us to ensure 
our activities on Indigenous lands are sustainable and built on  
open and transparent engagement.

To complement the consultation requirements of environmental 
assessments and agreement-making, we have developed a 
voluntary dialogue and participation process with Indigenous 
stakeholders in Chile. The process prioritises truth telling, 
building relationships based on trust and mutual respect,  
and enabling impacted Indigenous peoples to make informed 
decisions through their traditional decision-making processes. 

Ultimately, we aim to build an agreement-making process that 
is transparent and allows Indigenous peoples to participate  
in the environmental management of the operation and 
strengthen the socio-environmental management of their 
traditional territory. 

Society continued

Regional Indigenous Peoples Plans
In FY2019, each of our regions had an active Indigenous Peoples 
Plan that operationalised the Indigenous Peoples Strategy across 
our regions. Each plan is aligned with the Indigenous Peoples 
Strategy and prioritises the local and regional context and 
operational footprint and relevant Indigenous stakeholders. 

Minerals Australia
Minerals Australia continued to make good progress against the 
2017–2020 Elevate Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), the document 
that gives effect to BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Strategy in  
Australia. The RAP is an external framework that encourages 
national reconciliation. 

Continued efforts to adopt a consistent approach across  
Minerals Australia based on successful asset-based Indigenous 
peoples strategies saw improvement in performance areas,  
such as Indigenous procurement, Indigenous employment  
and agreement-making. In FY2019, a national cultural heritage  
plan was implemented to improve efficiencies and best practice  
in managing cultural heritage across our Minerals Australia 
activities. We also completed Native Title negotiations with  
the Tjwarl in FY2019, for the Nickel West expansion. 

To support the economic empowerment of Indigenous 
peoples across Minerals Australia, in FY2019 we implemented 
strategies to increase Indigenous procurement and content. 
Through our Local Buying Program, we have been able to 
identify specific opportunities or ‘carve outs’ for Indigenous 
businesses and build a targeted approach to increasing the 
number of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander registered 
suppliers. We have seen an increase of over 40 per cent in 
direct Indigenous contracting spend across Minerals Australia 
between FY2018 and FY2019, as a result of these initiatives. 

We are committed to ensuring that Traditional Owner 
businesses share in the value generated by activities 
conducted on native title land or adjacent to their communities 
and will continue to build strategies to increase opportunities.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

68

Society continued

North America
The primary interaction with Indigenous peoples in North America 
is through the Jansen Potash Project in Canada and several US 
closed sites. Petroleum has no direct interaction with Indigenous 
peoples in the United States. The Jansen Potash Project has an 
established program with First Nations people connected to the 
Project. Opportunity Agreements to fund community development 
programs have been established with five of the six First Nations 
groups. Engagement activities have commenced with six First 
Nations groups in relation to the Jansen Outbound Logistics project. 

Promoting Indigenous culture and building the Indigenous 
cultural awareness of our workforce is critical to building 
relationships based on trust and respect, which not only 
upholds Our Charter values, but also contributes to the 
improved quality of life for Indigenous peoples. 

The Jansen Potash Project has been running Aboriginal 
Awareness training for all Jansen employees since 2012,  
which is mandatory for all employees and made available  
to contractor leaders. The primary objectives of the training 
are to build respect and integrity between Indigenous and 
non-Indigenous people. The training program teaches the 
unpleasant history of Indigenous peoples in Canada, 
addresses stereotypes that can impact relationships with 
Indigenous peoples, seeks to remove bias and improves 
employee understanding when engaging with Indigenous 
people or businesses. 

BHP has taken a leadership stance when it comes to our 
relationships with Indigenous peoples in Saskatchewan.  
We have developed new initiatives and approaches that have 
created positive outcomes in our relationships with First 
Nations and Metis people, and encouraged improved practice 
across the industry and government in the region.

Indigenous employment 
In FY2019, we consolidated our efforts across our global  
operations to provide employment opportunities in communities 
where we operate. 

In Minerals Australia, Indigenous employment within our overall 
workforce increased from 4.4 per cent to 5 per cent (1,090 to 1,168), 
our as we aim to achieve 5.75 per cent by the end of FY2020. 
Twenty per cent of all apprentices were Aboriginal and Torres Strait 
Islander people and there were positive outcomes through our 
Indigenous leadership programs (refer to Developing our 
capabilities in the our People section). In FY2020, the Minerals 
Australia Indigenous Employment Plan will focus on opportunities 
for Traditional Owners and establish skill development initiatives 
that assist the transition into roles that support automation. 

In North America, we have focused on working with our contracting 
partners to support the employment of First Nations and Metis 
people, who now comprise 9 per cent of our workforce at the 
Jansen Potash Project. Chile has implemented a number of 
initiatives that will result in formal performance reporting in FY2020.

Tjiwarl Agreement Work Readiness Program

As part of our historic agreement with the Tjiwarl people in  
the Northern Goldfields region in Western Australia, signed  
on 1 November 2018, BHP committed to provide a minimum  
of 10 positions to suitable Tjiwarl candidates either with Nickel  
West directly or one of our major contracting partners in the  
first 12 months of the agreement. BHP worked with the Tjiwarl 
community to establish a program to develop work skills 
leading to employment. 

The first 10-week Work Readiness Program, run in partnership  
with Chandler Macleod (a labour hire vendor) and Carey 
Training (an Indigenous Registered Training Company),  
saw 12 students complete a Certificate II in Resource and 
Construction Industry and three weeks of work experience  
at a Nickel West site. Seven of these graduates will shortly 
commence employment, along with nine other Tjiwarl  
people who have secured employment through the usual 
recruitment processes.

Public engagement 
Public advocacy and leadership are important components of  
the Minerals Australia strategy. After significant reflection and 
consultation with critical stakeholders, in January 2019, our CEO 
Andrew Mackenzie announced BHP’s support for the Uluru 
Statement from the Heart. 

As part of this support, BHP committed to a number of activities  
in support of the areas of voice, treaty and truth; key themes  
from the Uluru Statement from the Heart.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

69

 
People

Our global workforce is the 
foundation of our business. 
Supporting their wellbeing  
and promoting an inclusive  
and diverse culture are vital  
for maintaining a competitive 
advantage.

In this section:
Building an enabled culture to  
support BHP’s transformation
Developing our capabilities
Inclusion and diversity
Employee relations

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

70

People

We employ over 72,000 employees and contractors globally. We are committed to investing in our people so 
they have the right skills and are supported by a healthy workplace culture that is inclusive and collaborative. 

We are committed to empowering our people to find safer,  
more creative and more efficient ways of working. We continue  
to develop a culture based on trust and collaboration and give  
our people more say, new capabilities and tools, and new avenues 
for technology and innovation to support BHP’s transformation.

We provide competitive remuneration to reward employees for 
their expertise and commitment to our business strategy and 
long-term success. Our remuneration approach is designed to 
inspire our employees to embrace BHP’s core objectives and 
values. Performance against key performance indicators linked  
to safety, productivity and culture drives our employees’ variable 
reward outcomes. 

Building an enabled culture to support  
BHP’s transformation
Our annual Engagement and Perception Survey (EPS) is an 
important tool to gauge our culture. The overall results in  
FY2019 remained stable and showed we sustained the positive 
improvements achieved in FY2018, despite the changes that 
occurred across the business. 

Our employees told us they feel proud to work at BHP and 
described the work environment as collaborative and inclusive. 
They have the confidence to make decisions required to do their 
job well and believe they have opportunities for professional and 
personal development.

We have seen improvements in our EPS results related to equal 
opportunities at work for all employees, perceptions on how the 
leadership group communicates a vision of the future that is 
exciting, how leaders are managing change, and perceived 
opportunities for growth and development. These are important 
indicators of people’s experiences at work.

The FY2019 results indicated we have more to do to continue to 
simplify our processes and make it easier for our team to perform 
their work. Our focus for FY2020 will be to support our 
transformation initiatives and realise the benefits to our culture  
and people (for information on our transformation initiatives, refer 
to our Annual Report 2019). We will continue to enable our people 
and address the obstacles that prevent them from doing their job 
well by simplifying processes and increasing technology capability. 
We expect that further capability development of our employees  
in our new ways of working and continued development of our 
leaders will set up our people and the organisation for success.

Developing our capabilities
We believe that the changing nature of work presents significant 
opportunity for BHP. Our approach is to invest in new skills, so our 
people are ready for the jobs of the future.

Over the past five years, we have invested in developing leadership 
capability, as these qualities are critical to guiding our people and 
navigating changes to the work environment. 

Our Operational Leadership Program aims to develop the technical 
and operational leadership excellence of our operational general 
managers and to identify successors to senior leadership roles that 
drive operational value. The program launched in FY2018 and was 
completed by 38 operational leaders in FY2019. 

The Step Up to Leadership and Leading Value programs continue 
to drive our foundational leadership focus and in FY2019, 856 
leaders completed the programs. Our Maintenance Academy 
Program, introduced in FY2018, saw 39 maintenance managers 
work to broaden their technical knowledge, leadership capability 
and collaboration in FY2019.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

71

People continued

We also focused in FY2019 on developing the leadership skills of 
our Indigenous employees through our Indigenous Development 
Program. The program is designed to identify Indigenous 
employees with leadership potential, and to respond to issues 
identified as barriers to career progression. By May 2019, 147 
employees in Australia had completed the program. Of the 97 
employees that completed the program in the first half of 2019, 
40 per cent have moved into new roles and 19 per cent have  
been promoted to leadership roles.

We are proud of our EPS results related to the performance of our 
leaders. In particular, the results identified our leaders as strong in 
communicating the vision of BHP and leading their teams through 
significant change.

In FY2020, we expect to increase our focus on systems, processes, 
tools and behaviours to improve operational capability. The BHP 
Operating System sets out the foundation for long-term and 
in-depth learning and development, by developing practices  
and capabilities that empower our people to pursue operating 
excellence. 

Operations Services, which provides maintenance and production 
services across Minerals Australia, supports people to build their 
skills through coaching and by performing in-field verifications. 
This helps deliver consistent equipment operation and 
maintenance that balances safety, maximum productivity  
and equipment reliability. Participants report a high sense of 
achievement as they leverage best practice from across BHP  
to help perfect their daily activities and accelerate productivity. 

Inclusion and diversity
We believe our people should have the opportunity to fulfil their 
potential and thrive in an inclusive and diverse workplace. In our 
experience inclusion and diversity promotes safety, productivity 
and wellbeing within BHP and underpins our ability to attract  
new employees.

We employ, develop and promote people based on merit and our 
systems, processes and practices are designed to empower fair 
treatment. We do not tolerate any form of unlawful discrimination, 
bullying or harassment. 

Our employees are trained to recognise and mitigate potential bias 
towards any employee. To help address gender pay disparities,  
we have taken steps to reduce potential bias in recruitment and 
conduct an annual gender pay review, the results of which are 
reported to the BHP Remuneration Committee. 

Respect is one of our six core Our Charter values and we believe  
it is fundamental to building stronger teams, and being a truly 
inclusive and diverse workplace. For some people in our business, 
this is not their experience of working at BHP. We are determined 
to address this, so during FY2019 we began a Group-wide campaign 
about respectful behaviour. The aim is to create greater awareness 
and build understanding of what disrespectful behaviour is and 
how it affects our people. We shared real-life examples of how 
some people experience disrespectful behaviour at BHP, to 
highlight the current environment and generate conversations. 

The campaign asks everyone to reflect on their own behaviours 
and what they see around them and ask ‘Is that ok?’ We equipped 
leaders and employees with materials to help them have 
conversations about disrespectful behaviours, and take steps to 
address it. We also launched a new eLearning module on inclusion 
and continue to develop additional resources for our people as we 
continue this critical initiative. Further development of a culture  
of care within our business is a fundamental element of our 
FY2020 business plan.

Gender balance
We have an aspirational goal to achieve gender balance globally  
by CY2025. In FY2019 we increased the representation of women 
working at BHP by 2.1 per cent, resulting in 1,156 more female 
employees than the same time in FY2018. Our overall 
representation of women is 24.5 per cent.(1)

In FY2019, the percentage of people newly hired to work for BHP 
was 62.3 per cent male and 37.7 per cent female. This female 
representation outcome is a marked increase when compared  
to FY2015 (10.4 per cent), the baseline for our aspirational goal.  
Our growth projects have reported strong female representation. 
For example, South Flank operational workforce in Western 
Australia has achieved 41 per cent female representation as  
at the end of FY2019. 
 For more information, read our case  
study Inclusion and diversity in Minerals Americas at  
bhp.com/community/case-studies.

We have improved the voluntary turnover rate of women by 
0.7 per cent, when compared to FY2018; the turnover of women 
(11.4 per cent) remains higher than the rate for men (10.3 per cent).

Our strategy to achieve a more diverse and inclusive workplace 
continues to focus on the following four areas:

•  embedding flexibility in the way we work; 
•  encouraging and working with our supply chain partners  
to support our commitment to inclusion and diversity; 

•  uncovering and taking steps to mitigate potential bias in our 

behaviours, systems, policies and processes; 

•  ensuring our brand is attractive to a diverse range of people. 

(1)  Based on a ‘point in time’ snapshot of employees as at 30 June 2019, as used in internal management reporting for the purposes of monitoring progress against our goals.  
This does not include contractors. This methodology differs from the data reported in Performance data – People, which is calculated based on the average of the number  
of employees at the last day of each calendar month for a 10-month period from July through to April and in accordance with our reporting requirement under the UK 
Companies Act 2006. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

72

People continued

Indigenous employment 
In communities in which we operate, we aim to provide employment 
opportunities that contribute to sustainable social and economic 
benefits for Indigenous peoples. For information on our approach 
to Indigenous employment and our performance to date, refer to 
the Indigenous peoples section.

LGBT+ inclusion
We want to provide a safe, inclusive and supportive workplace for 
everyone at BHP. Jasper is BHP’s employee inclusion group for our 
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and others (LGBT+) community 
and its allies. Inspired by the mineral rock jasper, which is known for 
its unique multi-coloured patterns, the group was formally endorsed 
by BHP’s Global Inclusion and Diversity Council in 2017 and is 
sponsored by BHP Executive team member Laura Tyler. Jasper’s 
aim is to drive a safe, inclusive and supportive work environment 
for everyone by providing advice on ways to reduce bias and 
ensure LGBT+ people are respected and valued irrespective of  
their sexual orientation, gender identity or intersex variability.

Since its formation in 2017, Jasper has grown to over 900 members. 
We rolled out LGBT+ inclusion awareness and education sessions 
across all Minerals Australia operations in FY2019, with plans to 
extend to our operations and offices in FY2020. We also continue 
to celebrate days of significance, including IDAHOBIT (International 
Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia, Interphobia and Transphobia) 
and Wear It Purple Day (awareness day for young people). 

Flexible working
Flexible work supports the diversity and wellness of our workforce. 
Some 41 per cent of our people worked flexibly in FY2019 and we 
continue to educate our workforce about flexible working at BHP. 
We continue to challenge the mindset that flexibility is only 
available for office-based employees, with a number of operations 
implementing flexible rosters and job share arrangements that 
assist employees both commuting long distances and living  
locally. For example, the Crib Relief Program at BHP Mitsubishi 
Alliance (BMA) changed the existing approach to truck crib relief 
by reducing the shift length for relief drivers to better align with 
school hours. This helped unlock a new and more diverse talent 
pool that also increased the workforce’s local community 
representation. It also helped improve workforce culture and 
morale as employees shared skills and knowledge with those  
new to the industry. 
blog Cool change for hot seating at bhp.com/prospects.

 For more information, read our Prospects 

Working with suppliers
We continue to work with our suppliers on ensuring their products 
and services are suitable for a diverse workforce, as well as 
encouraging diversity in their own work teams. For example,  
at Olympic Dam in Australia, following a request by an employee  
of Muslim faith living at camp, we collaborated with our catering 
supplier to ensure the availability of halal food. This helped ensure 
that appropriate food was available for all living at camp, as well  
as helping create a sense of one team among the workforce.  
In FY2019, where practicable, we also introduced inclusion  
and diversity incentives into our supply contracts. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

73

Employee relations
The culture of care and trustful relationships is a fundamental 
principle of our employee relations strategy. The three key focus 
areas for employee relations at BHP has continued to be:

•  ensure BHP complies with legal obligations and regional  

labour regulations;

•  negotiate, where there are requirements to collectively bargain;
•  close out agreements with our workforce in South America  

and Australia, with no lost time due to industrial action.

On 17 August 2018, Minera Escondida Limitada (Escondida) 
successfully completed negotiations with Union N°1 and signed  
a new collective agreement, effective for 36 months from  
1 August 2018.

Ethics and  
business conduct

Our Charter values of Integrity, 
Respect, Performance, Simplicity 
and Accountability underpin  
how we do business. We are 
committed to behaving ethically, 
being transparent and working  
with integrity and respect.

In this section:
Transparency and accountability
Our conduct
Anti-corruption

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

74

Ethics and business conduct

Our Charter values of Sustainability, Integrity, Respect, Performance, Simplicity and Accountability underpin 
how we do business and reinforce our commitment to ethical behaviour. This commitment is based on  
our understanding of the transformational potential of sustainable natural resource development and our 
recognition that operating ethically and transparently is fundamental to harnessing that potential.

Transparency and accountability
Transparency and accountability are fundamental to building trust. 
BHP’s business model is premised on trust and public acceptance 
because our mines have long lifespans and cannot be moved 
across jurisdictions in response to a breakdown in trust, changing 
societal expectations or regulatory requirements. We must  
earn the trust of our host communities and demonstrate our 
contribution to long-term social value. Our tax and royalty 
payments help governments fund healthcare, education, 
infrastructure and other essential services. Conversely, corruption 
and poor governance of natural resources would divert funding 
from those basic provisions and diminish our contribution.

Our commitment to transparency
Transparency principles of responsibility, openness, fairness and 
accountability underpinned a decision to become the first in our 
sector to disclose payments to governments on a project-by-project 
basis in 2015. We continue to disclose our profit, number of 
employees and adjusted effective tax rates on a country-by-
country basis.

Economic transparency is not our only focus. We have a strong 
record of supporting robust reporting on climate change issues. 
We were one of the first companies to report in accordance with 
the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures in our Annual Report. 

In FY2018, we released our inaugural report of our water risks and 
usage, and this year integrated FY2019 data into this Sustainability 
Report. Water stewardship is not only critical to our operations,  
but is central to the resilience of our communities and environment. 
Greater transparency around water requirements and usage will 
encourage governments, industry and communities to work 
together to safeguard our water supplies for future generations. 

Encouraging a broader dialogue
We work in partnership with Transparency International to 
contribute to the global transparency and anti-corruption agenda. 
BHP was a founding signatory in FY2018 to the Responsible Tax 
Principles of the B Team, a not-for-profit initiative formed by  
a global group of business leaders to catalyse a better way  
of doing business.

We are represented on the Board of the Extractive Industries 
Transparency Initiative (EITI). EITI requires its 51 implementing 
countries to develop ‘road maps’ towards the establishment of 
beneficial ownership registers. We also support and participate  
in OpenOwnership, the first public global database of company 
ownership information, and look for opportunities to encourage 
our suppliers and partners to do the same. Disclosure of beneficial 
ownership reduces opportunities for corruption (via secret 
ownership interests) and helps ensure that company assets and 
income are fully disclosed to relevant regulatory bodies, such as 
revenue authorities, to promote compliance with taxation laws.

The BHP Foundation, a charitable foundation established and 
funded by BHP, complements our support of global transparency 
initiatives. The Foundation’s Natural Resource Governance Global 
Signature Program aims to improve governance across the 
resources value chain, from consultation and consent processes 
before licences and contracts are awarded to citizen services  
and infrastructure funded by the payment of taxes and royalties. 

The projects help to improve the visibility of funds associated  
with natural resources in the respective country.

BHP’s approach to transparency and tax is detailed in our Economic 
Contribution Report 2019 and is available online at bhp.com.

Our conduct
We know consistent ethical behaviour cultivates loyalty and trust 
with each other and our stakeholders.

Every day, all of us at BHP work hard to uncover the resources that 
are the building blocks of an ever-changing world. It is something 
we should all be proud of. While what we achieve is important –  
so is how we achieve it. 

How we work is guided by the core values in Our Charter. They  
are Sustainability, Integrity, Respect, Performance, Simplicity and 
Accountability. We are relentless in our pursuit of these values  
and they guide our decision-making. 

Our Code of Conduct (Our Code) brings them to life, reminds us 
why they are important and helps us understand what it means to 
work with those values as our guiding principle. It strengthens our 
relationships, builds trust in the communities where we work and 
protects the social value we deliver. Our Code sets the standard for  
our commitment to working with integrity and respect. Our Code 
guides us in our daily work and demonstrates how to practically 
apply the commitments and values set out in Our Charter. Acting 
in accordance with Our Code is a condition of employment for 
everyone who works for and on behalf of BHP, and is accessible  
to all our people and external stakeholders on our website.  
See more at bhp.com. 

Governance of Our Code
Safe to speak up
Our employees and those who work with us or who are associated 
with us should speak up if they see or hear something that 
contradicts Our Code. Our Safe to Speak Up policy outlines  
BHP’s commitment to confidentiality and zero tolerance against 
retaliation. We continue to strengthen our Safe to Speak Up policy, 
which aligns with the amendments to the Australian Corporations 
Act (with effect from 1 July 2019) that provides greater protection 
to those who speak up and report misconduct.

Our Code is not just for our employees and contractors – we also 
want our external stakeholders to know how we expect our people 
to behave and to speak up about any conduct inconsistent with 
Our Code. 

Employees and contractors can raise their concerns through  
a number of channels, including line leaders. Anyone can lodge  
a report, including external stakeholders through EthicsPoint,  
a 24-hour, multilingual service for confidential reporting of potential 
misconduct. EthicsPoint reports can be raised anonymously. 

We acknowledge, investigate as appropriate and document all 
matters reported. Where matters are investigated and substantiated, 
we take appropriate remedial actions, advise the reporter (where 
possible) and document the outcome. 

BHP does not tolerate any form of retaliation against anyone  
who speaks up about potential misconduct or participates  
in an investigation. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

75

Complaints raised via EthicsPoint provide valuable insight into 
cultural issues and areas for organisational improvement. 
Complaints are reported biannually to the Board’s Risk and Audit 
Committee by the Ethics and Compliance function. In FY2019, we 
improved the EthicsPoint process, ethics reporting capability and 
the quality of investigations and investigations outcomes. These 
changes will make the reporting more holistic and permit detailed 
reporting of ethical culture issues to management and the Board.

Anti-corruption 
Corruption misallocates resources, reinforces poverty, undermines 
the integrity of government and community decision-making and 
wastes opportunities that arise from resource development. We are 
committed to contributing to the global fight against corruption 
and working with business, government and civil society to 
support this effort. 

Our commitment to anti-corruption compliance is embodied in 
Our Charter and Our Code. We also have a specific anti-corruption 
procedure that sets out mandatory requirements to identify and 
manage the risk of anti-corruption laws being breached. We prohibit 
authorising, offering, giving or promising anything of value directly 
or indirectly to a government official to influence official action,  
or to anyone to encourage them to perform their work disloyally  
or otherwise improperly. We also require our people to take care 
that third parties acting on our behalf do not violate anti-corruption 
laws. A breach of these requirements can result in disciplinary action, 
including dismissal, or termination of contractual relationships.

Our Ethics and Compliance function has a mandate to design and 
govern BHP’s compliance frameworks for key compliance risks, 
including anti-bribery and corruption. The function is independent 
of our assets and asset groups, and comprises teams that are 
co-located in our main global locations and a specialised 
Compliance Legal team. The Chief Compliance Officer reports 
twice a year to the Risk and Audit Committee and separately  
to the Committee Chairman, also twice a year.

Our anti-corruption compliance program is designed to meet the 
requirements of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK 
Bribery Act, the Australian Criminal Code and applicable laws of  
all places where we do business. These laws are consistent with 
the standards of the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery  
of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 
We regularly review our anti-corruption compliance program to 
make any changes required by regulatory developments. 

In addition to anti-corruption training as part of annual training  
on Our Code, additional risk-based anti-corruption training was 
completed by 9,374 employees in FY2019, as well as numerous 
employees of business partners and community partners. 

More information on our anti-corruption compliance program 
(including risk assessments, training and communication) is available 
online at bhp.com/anticorruption.

Ethics and business conduct continued

The breakdown of business conduct cases reported in EthicsPoint 
in FY2019 was as follows:

Business conduct cases by category

Harassment and bullying 30%
Behaviour 14%
Health and safety 14%
Other(1) 10%
Equality in employment 9%
Performance 7%
Conflict of interest 5%
Ask a question 4%
Absenteeism 4%
Alcohol, drug and tobacco use 3%

(1)  Accuracy of data and information; unfair dismissal; physical theft or loss; protecting 
BHP assets; maintaining supplier relationships; personal information and privacy; 
communicating externally; accepting gifts, hospitality and entertainment; cyber 
security; corruption; engaging with our communities competition.

Training in Our Code
As in previous years, we deliver annual training for employees  
and contractors where required in mandatory annual training  
plans to help them clearly understand Our Code and the standards 
of behaviour that are acceptable at BHP. In FY2019, 38,587 people 
completed Our Code training. We are also rolling out further 
awareness training on how to treat and manage complaints for  
line leaders to improve timely, effective and respectful handling  
of complaints, as well as safe to speak up culture. Our CEO 
frequently raises the importance of culture within BHP in his 
monthly CEO messages. 

In FY2019, we ran a Disrespectful Behaviours campaign to increase 
awareness about behaviours that are not consistent with Our 
Charter values. The campaign was designed to stimulate 
conversations about what constitutes disrespectful behaviours, 
why they exist and how to stop these behaviours. The campaign 
appears to have been effective in raising awareness of these  
issues as demonstrated by a 38 per cent increase in harassment 
and bullying cases raised in EthicsPoint and a doubling of the 
behaviour-related concerns in EthicsPoint in FY2019 compared  
to FY2018.

Investigations, governance and reporting
With culture at the centre of key strategic priorities, we have many 
initiatives to improve our policies, procedures and practices, 
building on changes we have already delivered. They include  
the implementation of:

•  an updated Our Requirements for Business Conduct standard,  

to strengthen our investigations framework, including providing 
clear guidance on how each EthicsPoint concern is assessed  
and triaged; 

•  an independent, dedicated Central Investigation team within  

our Ethics and Compliance function that investigates the most 
serious allegations of misconduct and provides guidance to drive 
a standardised, quality investigation process throughout BHP;
•  an Integrity Working Group, chaired by our Chief Compliance 

Officer and comprised of senior leaders across the Health, Safety 
and Environment; Risk; Internal Audit; Legal; and Ethics and 
Compliance functions, with accountability for oversight of the 
operational effectiveness of the Investigations Framework, 
including oversight of investigations completed by the Central 
Investigations team.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

76

Appendix

In this section

Performance data – Environment 

Performance data – Climate Change 

BHP Water sensitivity assessment 

Detailed significant water related risks 

Performance data – Water 

BHP asset-level water data summary 

Performance data – Society 

Performance data – People 

78

80

83

84

87

90

91

91

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

77

Appendix

Performance data – Environment

Land(2)

Land owned, leased or managed

– Land disturbed

– Land rehabilitated(3)

– Land set aside for conservation(3)(4)

Water(5)

Withdrawals(6)

Water withdrawals by quality – Type 1

Water withdrawals by quality – Type 2

Water withdrawals by quality – Type 3

Water withdrawals by source – Surface water(7)

Water withdrawals by source – Groundwater

Water withdrawals by source – Sea water

Discharges

Water discharges by quality – Type 1

Water discharges by quality – Type 2

Water discharges by quality – Type 3

Water discharges by destination – Surface water

Water discharges by destination – Groundwater

Water discharges by destination – Sea water

Water discharges by destination – Third party

Consumption

Consumption – evaporation

Consumption – entrainment

Consumption – other

Recycled/reused

Diversions

Diversions – withdrawals

Diversions – discharges

Air emissions

Total oxides of sulphur

Total oxides of nitrogen

Total mercury

Waste

Hazardous waste – Mineral total (including tailings)(8)

Non-hazardous waste – Mineral tailings(8)(9)

Accidental discharges of water and tailings(10)(11)

hectares

hectares

hectares

hectares

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

ML

tonnes

tonnes

tonnes

kilotonnes

kilotonnes

megalitres

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

78

2019

2018(1)

10,018,600

10,001,500

148,800

27,460

66,500

352,950

58,850

37,560

256,550

50,580

133,260

169,100

119,250

0

3,060

116,190

2,940

1,540

114,450

320

268,620

139,980

107,270

21,370

246,420

101,520

72,500

13,200

81,500

0.0

13,500

167,000

0

141,500

27,180

28,000

339,870

34,900

44,150

260,820

43,380

127,230

169,250

118,940

0

1,150

117,790

2,730

840

115,040

320

140,760

17,870

1,330

261,620

16,290

7,860

15,400

80,600

0.0

13,100

137,000

0

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix continued

Regional environment fines levied(11)

Australia

North America

South America

Designated protected areas

Terrestrial

Australia

North America

South America

Maritime

Australia

2019

Number of Fines

US$45,529

US$0

US$3,573

5

0

1

Designated protected 
areas adjacent to land 
managed by  
our assets

Designated protected 
areas on or containing 
portions of land 
managed by  
our assets

Size of owned, leased 
or managed land on or 
containing portions  
of designated 
protected area

Number

Number

Hectares

16

4

4

1

3

10

6

1

8,501

2,804

15,300

76

(1)  Data in italics indicates that data has been adjusted since it was previously reported. Water restatements are because of the change from the Minerals Council of Australia’s 

Water Accounting Framework to ICMM’s Water Reporting guidelines in 2019 and ongoing improvements in data quality.

(2)  Land data is calculated as the total land area at the time of reporting.
(3)  Data does not include land managed for rehabilitation or conservation as part of social investment.
(4)  Material contributor (38,022 ha) includes the Emerald Springs Significant Environment Benefit credit area approved by the South Australian government.
(5)  Data has been rounded to the nearest ten to be consistent with asset/regional data presented in the Water section of this report. In some instances the sum of totals  

for quality, source and destination may differ due to rounding. All water performance data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US). 

(6)  Third party water withdrawals have been reported by source.
(7)  Includes rainfall and runoff volumes captured and used during the reporting year; rainfall and runoff volumes that have been captured and stored are excluded  

and will be reported in the future year of use.

(8)  For tailings related minerals waste these figures represent the total deposited in the reporting year. For details on our current total volume of tailings stored, refer to BHP Tailings Facilities 

Disclosure: Response to the Church of England Pensions Board and Council on Ethics Swedish National Pension Funds (June 2019) at https://www.bhp.com/-/media/documents/
environment/2019/190607_coe.pdf?la=en.

(9)  Year-on-year movement has been largely caused by an improvement in calculation methodology at our Coal assets in FY2019.
(10) Data reported for environmentally significant incidents.
(11)  Does not include the dam failure at Samarco, our non-operated minerals joint venture.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

79

Appendix continued

Performance data – Climate change(1)
Energy consumption(2)
Operational energy consumption by source

Consumption of fuel

– Coal and coke

– Natural gas

– Distillate/gasoline

– Other

Consumption of electricity

Total operational energy consumption

Operational energy consumption from renewable sources

Operational energy intensity(3)

Operational energy consumption by commodity

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

petajoules

gigajoules per tonne of copper 
equivalent production

FY2019

FY2018

114

1

24

87

3

35

149

0.31

22

115

1

31

81

2

35

150

0.38

21

FY2019

FY2018

Consumption of 
fuel petajoules

Consumption  
of electricity 
petajoules

Total operational 
energy consumption 
petajoules

Consumption of 
fuel petajoules

Consumption  
of electricity 
petajoules

Total operational 
energy consumption 
petajoules

15.0

20.7

31.0

39.3

114.4

0.2

24.6

1.2

5.3

34.6

15.2

45.3

32.2

44.6

149.0

24.1

19.6

29.3

34.7

115.5

0.3

24.6

1.2

5.2

34.5

24.4

44.2

30.5

39.9

150.0

Petroleum

Copper

Iron Ore

Coal

Total

Greenhouse gas emissions
Operational GHG emissions by source(4)(5)

Scope 1 GHG emissions(6)

Scope 2 GHG emissions(7)

Total operational GHG emissions

Operational GHG emissions intensity(3)

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

tonnes CO2-e per tonne of copper 
equivalent production

FY2019

FY2018

9.7

5.0

14.7

2.2

10.6

5.9

16.5

2.3

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

80

 
 
 
 
 
Appendix continued

Operational GHG emissions by commodity and asset(4)(5)

FY2019

FY2018

Scope 1 GHG 
emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Scope 2 GHG 
emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Total operational 
GHG emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Scope 1 GHG 
emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Scope 2 GHG 
emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Total operational 
GHG emissions 
kilotonnes CO2-e

Petroleum

– Gulf of Mexico

– US Onshore(8)

– Australia

– Other

Copper

– Escondida

– Pampa Norte

– Olympic Dam

Iron Ore

– Western Australia Iron Ore

Coal

– Queensland Coal

– New South Wales Energy Coal

Other assets

– Nickel West

Total(9)

1,237

200

467

320

250

1,470

930

340

200

2,050

2,050

4,500

3,980

520

460

460

9,730

13

0

3

0

10

2,940

2,140

330

470

260

260

1,180

1,090

90

530

530

4,970

1,250

200

470

320

260

4,410

3,070

670

670

2,310

2,310

5,680

5,070

610

990

990

2,570

220

1,680

430

240

1,390

890

320

180

1,930

1,930

4,280

3,820

460

380

380

10

0

10

0

0

3,940

3,040

480

420

260

260

1,150

1,070

80

540

540

2,580

220

1,690

430

240

5,330

3,930

800

600

2,190

2,190

5,430

4,890

540

920

920

14,700

10,590

5,950

16,540

Scope 3 GHG emissions by category(10)

Upstream

Purchased goods and services (including capital goods)

million tonnes CO2-e

Fuel and energy related activities

Upstream transportation and distribution(11)

Business travel

Employee commuting

Downstream

Downstream transportation and distribution(12)

Processing of sold products(13)

– Iron ore to steel(14)

– Copper cathode to copper wire

Use of sold products

– Metallurgical coal(14)

– Energy coal

– Natural gas

– Crude oil and condensates(15)

– Natural gas liquids

Investments (i.e. our non-operated assets)(16)

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

million tonnes CO2-e

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

81

FY2019

FY2018

17.3

1.3

3.6

0.1

<0.1

4.0

304.7

299.6

5.1

232.7

111.4

67.0

28.3

23.3

2.8

3.1

8.2

1.4

3.6

0.1

<0.1

5.0

322.6

317.4

5.2

253.8

112.3

71.0

36.4

29.6

4.5

1.7

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix continued

(1)  Unless otherwise noted, FY2018 data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations 

(Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.

(2)  Calculated on an operational control basis in line with World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development guidance.
(3)  Copper equivalent production has been calculated based on FY2019 average realised product prices for FY2019 production, and FY2018 average realised product prices  

for FY2018 production. Production figures used are consistent with energy and emissions reporting boundaries (i.e. BHP operational control).

(4)  BHP currently uses Global Warming Potentials (GWP) from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 4 (AR4) based on 100-year timeframe.
(5)  Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been calculated on an operational control basis in line with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.
(6)  Scope 1 refers to direct GHG emissions from operated assets. 
(7)  Scope 2 refers to indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity and steam that is consumed by operated assets. Our Scope 2 emissions have been 

calculated using the market-based method using supplier specific emissions factors, in line with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. Our market-based Scope 2 emissions 
were 5.0 Mt CO2-e which compares to 5.1 Mt CO2-e if calculated using the location-based method. A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases  
and this may result in double counting between electricity consumers.

(8)  Includes four months of emissions in FY2019 prior to divestment of this asset.
(9)  Total includes functions, projects, exploration, closed sites and consolidation adjustments.
(10) Scope 3 emissions have been calculated using methodologies consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.  

Scope 3 emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of the commodities  
we produce and consume. A significant example of this is that Scope 3 emissions reported under the ‘Processing of sold products’ category include the processing of our  
iron ore to steel. This third party activity also consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us. For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 
emissions from combustion of metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the ‘Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is 
accounted for under two categories. This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting between the different scopes defined under standard GHG accounting practices  
and is not considered to detract from the overall value of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure. This double counting means that the emissions reported under each category 
should not be added up, as to do so would give an inflated total figure. For this reason we do not report a total Scope 3 emissions figure. Further details of the calculation 
methodologies, assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3 emissions data can be found in the associated Scope 3 calculation methodology 
document available online at bhp.com/climate.

(11) Includes product transport where freight costs are covered by BHP, for example under Cost and Freight (CFR) or similar terms, as well as purchased transport services  

for process inputs to our operations. 

(12) Product transport where freight costs are not covered by BHP, for example under Free on Board (FOB) or similar terms.
(13) All iron ore production is assumed to be processed into steel and all copper metal production is assumed to be processed into copper wire for end-use. Processing of nickel, 
zinc, gold, silver, ethane and uranium oxide is not currently included, as production volumes are much lower than iron ore and copper and a large range of possible end uses 
apply. Processing/refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered immaterial compared to the end-use product combustion reported in the 
‘Use of sold products’ category.

(14) Scope 3 emissions reported under the ‘Processing of sold products’ category include the processing of our iron ore to steel. This third party activity also consumes 

metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us. For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of metallurgical coal  
with all other fossil fuels under the ‘Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is accountable for under two categories.

(15) All crude oil and condensates are conservatively assumed to be refined and combusted as diesel.
(16) For BHP, this category covers the Scope 1 and 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from our assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

82

Appendix continued

BHP Water sensitivity assessment 
The following table provides a detailed summary of our water sensitivity assessment and the degree (high, moderate or low) to which  
an asset is sensitive to a range of water-influencing factors. This assessment is primarily qualitative. 

(L = Low influence on water sensitivity; M = Medium influence on water sensitivity; H = High influence on water sensitivity; NA = Not applicable)

Category

Catchment

Climate

BHP water source 
interactions

Competition for resources

Sustainability 
of resource Regulation

i

n
o
g
e
r
r
o
t
e
s
s
A

Escondida

Legacy 
Assets 
Canada

Salar de 
Atacama, 
Coloso coast 
and Pampa 
Colorado

Multiple 
catchments

Legacy 
Assets United 
States

Nickel West

Multiple 
catchments

Multiple 
catchments

NSW Energy 
Coal

Hunter

Olympic Dam  Great Artesian 

Basin

Pampa Norte Cuencas 

Fronterizas Salar 
Michincha – Rio 
Loa, Salar del 
Huasco, Pampa 
del Tamarugal

)
1
(

e
n
o
z
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

Arid, cold 
desert

Boreal to 
warm 
temperate

Warm 
temperate 
to arid

Warm 
temperate, 
steepe, hot

Warm 
temperate, 
humid, 
Cool

Arid, hot 
desert

Arid, cold 
desert

e
n
o
r
p
e
n
o
c
y
C

l

No

r
e
t
a
w
d
n
u
o
r
G

H

r
e
t
a
w
e
c
a
f
r
u
S

L

r
e
t
a
w
a
e
S

H

)
2
(
s
s
e
r
t
s
r
e
t
a
w
e
n

i
l

e
s
a
B

Arid and 
low water 
use

n
r
e
c
n
o
c
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S

l

H

No

NA

NA

L

Low to 
medium

L

No

L

NA

NA Medium 

M

No

M

L

No

M

H

No

H

L

No

H

M

L

L

L

L

to high

Arid and 
low water 
use

Medium 
to high

Arid and 
low water 
use

Arid and 
low water 
use

Water 
sensitivity 
(BHP 
assessed)

High

Low

Moderate

l

n
o
i
t
a
u
g
e
r
r
e
t
a
W

M

L

L

e
c
r
u
o
s
e
r
r
e
t
a
w
d
e
r
a
h
S

s
e
i
t
i
n
u
m
m
o
c
n
h
t
i

i

w

r
o
f
l

a
i
t
n
e
t
o
P

i

s
t
c
a
p
m
e
v
i
t
a
u
m
u
c

l

a
e
r
a
n
o
i
t
a
v
r
e
s
n
o
c

i

h
g
h
o
t
y
t
i

i

m
x
o
r
P

n
o
i
t
a
c
o

l
l

a
n
i
s
a
B

e
c
r
u
o
s
e
r
r
e
t
a
w

f
o

l

e
v
e
L

y
t
i
l
i

i

b
a
n
a
t
s
u
s

H

M

H

H

M

L

L

NA

M

M

H

NA

M

L

L

L

M

L

L

L

H

H

H

M

M

L

L

M

Low

M

Moderate

M

H

M

H

M

M

L

Moderate

H

H

M

H

H

M

M

High

Petroleum

Multiple 
catchments

Yes

Subtropical 
to tropical 
(offshore)

Potash

Zelma Reservoir Cold, 

No

L

L

humid, 
seasonal 
extremes

L

H

No Data

M

NA Low to 
medium

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

L

M

Low

M

Low

Queensland 
Coal (BMA/
BMC)

Western 
Australia  
Iron Ore

Fitzroy & Bowen Warm 

Yes

H

H

M Low

 H

H

H

M

H

M

temperate, 
humid, hot

Upper Fortescue 
catchment

Arid, hot 
desert

Yes

H

M

L

Arid and 
low water 
use

M

L

H

H

H

L

H

L

High

Moderate

(1)  In accordance with Köppen-Geiger climate classification terminology.
(2)  Derived from the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct global water risk mapping tool and the associated descriptors for baseline water stress: Low (<10%); Low to medium 
(10–20%); Medium to high (20–40%); High (40–80%); Extremely high (>80%); Arid and low water use; and no data. Gassert, F., M. Luck, M. Landis, P. Reig, and T. Shiao. 2014. 
Aqueduct Global Maps 2.1: Constructing Decision-Relevant Global Water Risk Indicators. Working Paper. Washington, DC: World Resources Institute. Available online at  
wri.org/publication/aqueduct-global-maps-21-indicators. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

83

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix continued

Detailed significant water-related risks
This table provides further details on BHP’s significant water-related risks, potential impacts and controls. For a summary of BHP’s 
water-related risks by asset see the Our water-related risks section of this report.

Risk area

Risk description

Potential impacts

Controls

Catchment-
level

Catchment-level risks are 
influenced by the physical, 
environmental, socio-political, 
water resource and regulatory 
settings of our operations, the 
activities of other water users  
and present and past impacts  
from our operations. 

Most of our assets are exposed to 
risks associated with cumulative 
impacts to shared water resources. 
BHP acknowledges and seeks to 
include the cultural and spiritual 
values associated with water 
resources, especially to Indigenous 
communities, in consideration  
of this risk. 

While BHP does not have the  
ability to directly manage all 
catchment risks, we need to 
maintain a focus on management  
of our contribution to the risk and 
commit to participate in ongoing 
catchment governance.

Climate 
change

Closure

Climate change can heighten 
existing physical water risks and 
introduce new ones. For example,  
it may increase the intensity of 
extreme weather events, such as 
flooding and drought. Over the 
longer term, reduced rainfall  
can create water security issues, 
while worsening excess water 
management challenges for others. 

Operations that are closing,  
have closed, or are under ‘care  
and maintenance’ can have  
water quality (within the BHP 
footprint and beyond) or water  
accumulation issues.

Potential impacts to the community from 
BHP’s access to and use of water resources 
within the catchment include reduced water 
supply to communities, aesthetic impacts to 
recreational use for water or contamination 
of water sources with potential reduction in 
supply and availability for community water 
use. Ineffective catchment governance and 
regulation can compound these risks.

The impacts to the environment may 
include changes to natural groundwater 
levels, changes to stream flows, water 
quality issues in ground, surface or marine 
environments, reduced pressure in 
groundwater aquifers that, in turn, may 
affect the biodiversity, habitats and  
species that rely on the water sources.

Environmental impacts can contribute to 
community conflict and cause regulatory 
breaches, legal liability and reputational 
impacts. They can also alter the spiritual 
value of water/water features to Indigenous 
groups and impact the value of water 
resource for future generations. They may 
have longer term financial implications and 
threaten our business model, including our 
ability to expand or develop new resources.

Unsustainable use of the water resource 
may impact production and a lack of 
understanding of the water resource  
may fail to provide transparency to the 
operations on the long-term water 
management limitations and opportunities.

The cumulative impacts resulting from 
multiple uses within a catchment  
may exacerbate the community and 
environmental impacts discussed above.

Climate change can affect near-and 
long-term business performance and create 
a risk of early asset closure. Climate change 
effects may significantly increase the risk  
of other water-related risks, such as 
management of excess water, water access 
for BHP and others, sea level rise, coastal 
erosion, storm tide inundation and affects 
from increased extreme weather events.

Ineffectively managed closure water risks 
may adversely affect the environment, 
communities and our business.

Controls to manage the impact to the water resource, 
including the environmental and community impacts, 
include ongoing and regular stakeholder engagement 
to ensure effective collaboration, compliance with 
water allocation permits, targets for reduced 
freshwater use, participation in catchment-level 
reviews, assessments to understand and improve 
technical knowledge, challenges and interactions  
at a catchment level, ongoing monitoring and 
measurement of water (quality, quantity, baseline and 
reference characteristics of water resource and 
movements), water recovery or source substitution, 
integration of water management practices into  
asset business planning, identification and where 
feasible implementation of opportunities for  
reduced water use and, where practical, ongoing 
monitoring of flora and fauna and other indicators  
of environmental health. 

Human rights impact assessments are also 
conducted to understand potential community risks 
and impacts. For more information on engaging with 
communities, refer to the Society section.
Ongoing assessment is conducted of baseline 
conditions at a catchment level and the potential 
direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of our 
operations on this. Climate change science must  
be factored into this assessment. For more 
information on the Our Requirements standards,  
refer to the Environment section.
Our water stewardship strategy is inclusive of  
a collective action and a disclosure work stream,  
both of which focus on water governance and 
collaborating with host communities, governments, 
industry peers and other stakeholders.

Controls for climate-related water risks can be similar 
to those for water excess, security and extreme 
weather events.

For more information on our approach to climate 
change, refer to the Climate change section.

Effective closure planning is an important control 
across BHP. The closure plans consider issues such as 
pit void lake formations, acidic and metalliferous 
drainage and saline water accumulation and potential 
impact to both surface and groundwater. For legacy 
assets, controls may also be similar to those for excess 
water, extreme weather and water quality risks.

For more information on our approach to closure, 
refer to the Environment section.
For more information on the financial provisions 
relating to closure liabilities, refer to our Annual 
Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

84

Appendix continued

Risk area

Risk description

Potential impacts

Controls

Compliance Our assets operate in medium-to-

strong regulatory environments for 
water and regulation compliance 
requires constant vigilance. 

Non-compliances could result in minor 
infringements through to financial penalties 
or enforcement orders or proceedings.

This can potentially impact geotechnical 
stability and safety, water supply, excess 
water management, the environment, 
communities and production.

We need to continually monitor and, where required, 
improve our compliance with all water regulatory 
requirements. We also engage with regulators  
to understand their priorities and how regulatory 
requirements apply to our assets and at a  
catchment level.

Ongoing dialogue takes place with regulatory 
authorities to address any existing non-compliances 
regarding surface water and groundwater.

Controls for dewatering include mine planning, 
maintaining an operational and predictive water 
balance, defining dewatering and depressurisation 
targets, monitoring and reviewing performance 
metrics, environmental impact assessments, 
managing excess/surplus water (such as the 
re-injection of excess water to local aquifers,  
where possible) and ongoing hydrology  
assessments to inform planning.

Extreme weather events may contribute  
to production, environmental, community 
and reputational impacts. For example, 
ineffective management during drought 
conditions may constrain production due  
to limitations on water availability. 
Ineffective management of excess water  
has the potential to impact geotechnical 
stability and safety, prevent site access, 
cause injuries due to flooding and  
impact the environment, communities  
and production.

Forecasting and monitoring of extreme weather 
events is important in assisting timely and appropriate 
management. Other preventative controls include 
design criteria for surface water infrastructure 
(including extreme weather events analysis)  
and building integrity within the infrastructure. 
Mitigating controls include emergency preparedness, 
communications systems and adequately trained 
staff. For example, all assets test the effectiveness  
of emergency preparedness for extreme weather 
events by undertaking regular emergency drills that 
include external agencies, such as regional fire and 
police as well as internal BHP resources.

Due to regional differences in marine 
ecosystems and potential cumulative 
impacts, the type and extent of the impacts 
to the marine environment for each of our 
operations may be different. 

Controls for hydrocarbon containment include 
pressure relief systems, engineering design 
specifications, operational procedures, passive 
protection and bunding. Mitigating controls  
include communication and emergency systems.

These may include biodiversity and 
community impacts from catastrophic 
impacts, which may arise from a Petroleum 
loss of containment risk to chronic impacts 
if, for example, discharges are not  
effectively managed.

Brine discharges at desalination facilities 
may result in the alteration of marine 
ecosystems.

To minimise impacts associated with smaller 
discharges in marine environments, treatment, 
sediment, erosion and other collection and/or 
treatment systems are utilised.

Controls for desalination and port operations  
include ongoing maintenance of critical  
equipment, monitoring and technical studies  
and stakeholder engagement.

Impacts arising from the ineffective 
management of tailings facilities can range 
from production impacts to catastrophic 
impacts to employees, communities and the 
environment, with flow on financial and 
reputational impacts. 

Following the Fundão tailings dam failure, BHP  
has sought to enhance our tailings management, 
governance and risk assessment processes and 
contribute to raising industry-wide standards 
generally. For more information, refer to the  
Tailings dams section.

Dewatering

Many of BHP’s ore bodies are 
located below the natural 
groundwater level and to access 
the ore we need to pump water. 
Dewatering is an important mine 
production enabling activity to  
both enable access to ore in the 
case of ore located below the  
water table or enable access  
to ore by supporting pit stability.

Extreme 
weather

Extreme weather can cause 
drought, snow or flood events  
and may arise from acute or  
chronic climate cycles. 

Marine

Tailings

Marine ecosystems are susceptible 
to impacts resulting from changes 
to the physical (e.g. temperature 
and pH) and chemical (metal, 
hydrocarbon concentrations) 
parameters of the water body. 

Key risk events that may contribute 
to marine impacts include:

 – loss of containment of 

hydrocarbons within Petroleum;

 – desalination facilities that 

discharge high-salinity water  
in low volumes; 

 – port operations located in 
proximity to communities  
and/or key marine areas;

 – other uncontrolled operational 

discharges.

Ineffective management of tailings 
facilities can pose risks due to 
catastrophic failure, seepage and 
inefficient water management. 

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

85

Appendix continued

Risk area

Risk description

Potential impacts

Controls

Water 
access, 
sanitation 
and hygiene 
(WASH)

The remote nature of many of our 
operations means BHP is often the 
supplier of water to our workforce 
for drinking and sanitation, and  
the manager of effluent. This  
role sometimes extends to  
neighbouring communities.

Wherever we do this we are 
committed to providing access  
to safe and reliable drinking water 
(potable water) and appropriate 
sanitation and hygiene facilities.

Ineffective controls may result in illness  
and potential fatalities, which could disrupt 
our operations and have financial and 
reputational impacts. Our operations also 
have the potential to affect the cultural  
and spiritual values associated with  
water resources.

Water 
infrastructure

Insufficient or poorly maintained 
water infrastructure is central to  
the security of supply and other 
water-related risks.

The inability for water infrastructure to 
supply the required quantity or quality  
of water necessary for our assets can  
result in losses in production and impacts  
to the long-term viability of our operations. 

Water quality Water quality risks may occur from 

runoff or seepage (from exposed 
ground, pit slopes, waste rock), 
infiltration from water, tailings and 
process facilities, infrastructure, 
and increases in salinity due to 
long-term storage of water.

Water 
security

A continuous and sustainable water 
supply is critical to our operations. 

Location and climate impact water 
availability and supply. For example, 
availability has been a risk at our 
NSW Energy Coal asset in the 
Hunter region of eastern Australia 
due to extended periods of 
below-average rainfall.

Changes to the quality of water that runs 
through or under an operation can affect 
the surrounding groundwater resources and 
streams. This can affect other water users 
and the environment. Changes in water 
quality can also constrain production, or 
result in water accumulation over time (due 
to discharge restrictions), which makes 
extreme rainfall events more challenging. 
This risk can persist for years after mining 
activity has ceased.

The inability to secure water access can 
constrain production, affect the 
environment, create community concerns 
about water availability and have regulatory, 
legal and financial implications.

Specific to the provision of drinking water, 
understanding the baseline quality of the water we 
receive, the performance of our treatment plants and 
monitoring the water produced are WASH priorities.

Other controls also include appropriate infrastructure, 
qualified operators, sampling and exception reports 
and responses, maintenance strategies, emergency 
response and business continuity planning.

Human rights impact assessments (HRIAs) are  
a control that assess both direct impacts to the 
workforce and communities, as well as potential 
impacts to other human rights, such as Indigenous, 
spiritual and cultural rights. All assets are required  
to undertake HRIAs and these are reviewed regularly. 
For more information on human rights at BHP, refer  
to the Society section.

Controls include design and construction to internal 
and external standards, inspections and maintenance 
of infrastructure, operating within set parameters, 
monitoring and response.

Regular maintenance of water infrastructure, such  
as treatment plants, pipelines and tanks is critical  
to ensure that water is adequate for our assets,  
both in quantity and quality.

Management of water quality risks requires an 
understanding of what contributes to changes in 
water quality, how this may affect sensitive receptors 
within the environment and/or communities, and the 
appropriate management measures required. 
Controls include avoiding contact with substances 
that may impact water quality, minimising any 
impacts through treatment and monitoring of water 
quality outcomes so that the effectiveness of controls 
is understood and can be reviewed as appropriate.

An adequate understanding of technical aspects  
of the water resource, hydrological conditions  
and or long-term changes in water availability and 
management is critical to ensure ongoing supply.  
In addition, understanding demand through water 
balances, predictive modelling and monitoring,  
is central for effective water security.

Many of the controls in place for the management  
of catchment risk are applied for management of 
water security risks. Refer to the controls listed for 
catchment risk above.

We seek to use lower-quality water where feasible 
and recover and recycle water to reduce  
freshwater requirements.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

86

Appendix continued

Performance data – Water
This section provides detailed disclosure of our water performance 
across various water metrics. It should be noted that for all data 
presented, Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have 
been excluded.

Water withdrawals(1)

FY2017–FY2019 total withdrawals
(by source)
Megalitres

400,000

350,000

300,000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

51K

133K

169K

2017

2018

2019

Sea water

Groundwater

Surface water

FY2017–FY2019 total withdrawals
(by quality)
Megalitres

400,000

350,000

300,000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

59K

38K

257K

2017

2018

2019

Type 3

Type 2

Type 1

FY2019 withdrawals by asset
(by source)

180,000

150,000

120,000

90,000

60,000

30,000

0

Escondida

Western
Australia
Iron Ore

Petroleum

Queens-
land Coal
(BMA/BMC)

Nickel
West

Olympic
Dam

Pampa
Norte

NSW
Energy
Coal

Legacy
assets

Potash

Sea water

Surface water

Groundwater

Total water withdrawals for FY2019 across our operations increased 
relative to FY2018. The increase was due to an increase in 
groundwater use at WAIO associated with dust suppression and 
ore processing, and an increase in the use of sea water due to 
increasing throughput of Escondida’s desalination plant.

While total water withdrawals for FY2019 were 352,950 megalitres, 
only 16 per cent was of Type 1 water quality. Nearly half of our total 
water withdrawals now come from sea water. Groundwater 
remained a significant input at 38 per cent in FY2019, driven by 
Escondida and WAIO. This is expected to reduce as Escondida 
transitions to desalination.

Escondida, WAIO and Queensland Coal are the greatest terrestrial 
water users across our business. WAIO has a high groundwater 
dependency compared to Queensland Coal, which has a higher 
surface water dependency (contributed to by rainfall). 

Water discharges
Water discharges includes water that has been used and 
discharged into a receiving water body. This includes seepage 
from tailings dams to groundwater, discharges from operations  
to surface waters (which are also affected by periods of higher 
rainfall) and discharges to sea water. Water we treat and then 
on-supply to third parties is captured as a diversion consistent  
with ICMM Guidelines as it is not intended for operational 
purposes. Water that is evaporated or entrained(2) is also  
excluded from discharges and instead reported under the  
water consumption category.(3)

(1)  Includes rainfall and runoff volumes captured and used during the reporting year; rainfall and runoff volumes that have been captured and stored are excluded  

and will be reported in the future year of use.

(2)  Entrained water includes water incorporated into product and/or waste streams, such as tailings, that cannot be easily recovered.
(3)  Evaporation and entrainment, previously reported as water outputs under the WAF, have been reported under consumption to align with the ICMM Guidelines.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

87

Appendix continued

FY2017–FY2019 total discharges
(by destination)

FY2019 discharges by asset
(by destination)

140,000

120,000

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

0.32K
2.9K
1.5K

114K

2017

2018

2019

Sea water

Groundwater

Surface water

Third party water

FY2017–FY2019 total discharges
(by quality)

140,000

120,000

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

3K

116K

2017

2018

2019

Type 3

Type 2

Type 1

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

Escondida

Petroleum

Queens-
land Coal
(BMA/BMC)

Western
Australia
Iron Ore

Nickel 
West

Potash

Olympic
Dam

Pampa
Norte

NSW
Energy
Coal

Legacy
assets

0

0

0

0

Sea water

Surface water

Groundwater

Third party water

Total water discharges for FY2019 were 119,250 megalitres.  
The majority of water discharges are to sea water at over 
97 per cent, with Escondida and Petroleum being the largest 
contributors. The increase in discharges to sea water between 
FY2017 and FY2019 is largely due to increased desalination at 
Escondida. The second largest discharge volume is to surface 
water; this is influenced by rainfall and results in discharges 
typically to riverine systems. Approximately 40 per cent of our 
assets did not report any water that was used and subsequently 
discharged in FY2019. In previous years, water used and discharged 
consisted of evaporated and entrained water. This is now reported 
as consumption in line with ICMM Guidelines.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

88

FY2019 consumption by asset

Megalitres

100,000

80,000

60,000

40,000

20,000

0

Escondida

Queens-
land Coal
(BMA/BMC)

Western
Australia
Iron Ore

Nickel
West

Olympic
Dam

Pampa
Norte

NSW
Energy
Coal

Legacy
assets

Evaporation

Entrainment

Other

0

Potash

Petroleum

Appendix continued

Water recycled/reused
During FY2019, the total volume of water recycled/reused  
was 246,420 megalitres. This represents a total efficiency  
of 61 per cent when compared to total withdrawals excluding  
sea water. BHP has ongoing work to improve the accuracy  
of recycled and reused data. Furthermore, BHP is assessing 
opportunities to improve efficiency of water use, as described  
in our Risk management can create opportunities section.

Water diversions
FY2019 is the first year that BHP has disclosed diversions.  
Diverted water is defined as water that is managed without any 
intention to be used for operations. For example, this includes  
the water that is removed from below the water table at WAIO  
to access the ore but is returned to the environment and not 
consumed in operations. Another example is when BHP withdraws 
water and treats it for use as drinking water by local communities, 
as Olympic Dam does for the town of Roxby Downs in South 
Australia. In FY2019, 101,520 megalitres of water was withdrawn 
and diverted (not used for BHP operations) largely driven by the 
water that is treated by our Legacy assets in North America.

Water consumption
Water consumption was previously reported as outputs. With the 
move to using the ICMM Guidelines, consumption (the volume  
of water used by the site or operational facility and not returned  
to the water environment or a third party) is now a separate 
reporting category. Data for evaporation and entrainment from  
the FY2017 and FY2018 reporting periods has been moved to  
the consumption category in order to allow representative 
year-on-year comparisons. Evaporation and entrainment(1) were  
the most significant contributors to consumption in FY2019, 
representing over 90 per cent of total consumption. The category 
of ‘other’ for consumption includes water consumed, for example 
as a result of potable water consumption at operations. This 
increased focus on consumption will assist with increased and 
improved data for entrainment and evaporation and assist with 
identifying opportunities to reduce, where possible, losses such  
as those associated with evaporation. Entrainment of water in 
tailings is the largest contributor to consumption at Escondida 
whereas evaporation is the key driver of consumption at WAIO  
and Queensland Coal. All water withdrawn at our Petroleum  
assets was either discharged or diverted.

(1)  Entrainment includes water incorporated into product and/or waste streams, such as tailings that cannot be easily recovered.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

89

Legacy 
assets

Nickel 
West

NSW 
Energy 
Coal

Olympic 
Dam

Pampa 

Norte Petroleum(3)

Potash

Queensland 
Coal  
(BMA/BMC)

Western 
Australia 
Iron Ore

870

870

0

0

16,710

8,680

11,770

9,760

41,180

630

43,920

46,680

2,430

3,190

0

4,550

2,800

9,440

0

0

80

0

0

18,620

33,640

630

19,020

1,120

9,730

2,700

2,330

9,760

41,100

0

6,280

11,920

50,580

20

870

440

6,610

280

5,990

Appendix continued

BHP asset-level water data summary(1)(2)
FY2019 water performance data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).

Metric

Total Escondida

Withdrawals(4) (megalitres) 352,950

172,750

Water withdrawals by 
quality – Type 1

Water withdrawals by 
quality – Type 2

Water withdrawals by 
quality – Type 3

Water withdrawals by 
source – Surface water(5)

Water withdrawals by 
source – Groundwater

Water withdrawals by 
source – Sea water

58,850

37,560

20

0

256,550

172,730

133,260

45,570

169,100

127,160

Discharges (megalitres)

119,250

74,650

Water discharges by  
quality – Type 1

Water discharges by  
quality – Type 2

Water discharges by  
quality – Type 3

Water discharges by 
destination – Surface water

Water discharges by 
destination – Groundwater

Water discharges by 
destination – Sea water

Water discharges by 
destination – Third party

0

3,060

0

0

116,190

74,650

2,940

0

1,540

1,380

114,455

73,280

320

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

15,430

2,080

11,480

3,760

840

320

0

0

320

0

0

0

320

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

80

0

41,100

41,090

0

0

41,090

0

0

41,090

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1,250

590

35,700

0

40

8,220

46,680

0

10

0

0

10

0

10

0

0

90

70

0

30

0

0

0

1,840

1,340

0

0

1,840

1,220

0

120

1,690

1,250

150

0

0

0

90

0

67,610

62,940

53,040

42,950

12,890

19,990

1,680

0

6,580

10,650

0

290

24,580

36,320

9,010

19,280

Consumption (megalitres)

268,620

93,570

1,730

15,900

6,960

10,680

Consumption – evaporation 139,980

26,760

1,730

300

3,430

5,550

9,140

6,150

Consumption – 
entrainment

107,270

66,360

Consumption – other

21,370

450

Recycled/reused 
(megalitres)

Diversions (megalitres)

246,420

38,790

0

0

10

0

3,220

1,960

2,850

15,600

310

3,170

130

8,100

0

13,660 168,630

Diversions – withdrawals

101,520

370

39,460

Diversions – discharges

72,500

360

40,540

0

0

0

0

0

980

790

790

(1)  Excludes Discontinued operations (US Onshore assets).
(2)  Data has been rounded to the nearest 10. In some instances the sum of totals for quality, source and destination may differ due to rounding.
(3)  Petroleum assets have been grouped due to their relatively lower volumes of water withdrawals, discharges and consumption compared to the mining assets.
(4)  Third party water withdrawals have been reported by source. 
(5)  Includes rainfall and runoff volumes captured and used during the reporting year; rainfall and runoff volumes that have been captured and stored are excluded  

and will be reported in the future year of use.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

90

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix continued

Performance data – Society(1)
Community complaints

Dust

Noise

Odour

Other

2019

Country

Australia 

Canada

Chile

33

26

16

63

Operations located 
in or adjacent to 
Indigenous 
peoples’ territories

Operations with 
formal agreements 
with Indigenous 
communities

26

1

2

13

1

2

(1)  FY2018 performance data for society includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US). FY2019 performance data includes Discontinued operations to 

31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.

Performance data – People(1)
Workforce data by region

Employee 
occupational 
illness 
incidence(3)

Contractor 
occupational 
illness 
incidence(3)

Average 
absenteeism 
rate (hours 
per employee 
per hour)(3)(4)

Fatalities(2)

TRIF(2)

Average number and  
% of employees(3)(5)

Average number and  
% of contractors(3)(5)

Asia

Australia

Europe

North America

South America

Total

0

1

0

0

0

1

–

6.5

–

2.4

1.9

4.7

0

4.63

0

0

4.84

4.38

0

2.55

0

0

0.58

1.62

37.31

73.57

13.03

35.10

65.10

67.14

1,744

18,146

59

1,998

6,979

6

63

<1

7

24

1,711

21,012

9

1,202

19,554

28,926

100

43,488

3.93

48.32

0.02

2.76

44.96

100

Regional safety fines levied

Regional safety fines levied

Australia

North America

South America

FY2019

US$545

US$363

US$38,240

Number  
of fines

2

1

5

Employees by gender and employment type 

Employee by region and gender

Full-time

Part-time

Fixed-term full-time

Fixed-term part-time

Casual

Total %

94.46

3.04

2.43

0.06

0.01

100.00

Male %

Female %

Total %

Male %

Female %

78.11

56.82

52.48

9.52

66.67

76.79

21.89

43.18

47.52

Asia

Australia

Europe

90.48

North America

33.33

South America

23.21

Total

5.39

66.67

0.18

6.72

21.03

100

39.53

78.81

49.15

68.97

82.68

76.79

60.47

21.19

50.85

31.03

17.32

23.21

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

91

 
 
Appendix continued

Employee by category and diversity(7)

Total %

Gender %

Age group %

Senior leaders  
(org levels A to D)

Managers (Level E)

Supervisory and 
professionals (F and G)

Operators and  
general support

Total

Female

Male

Under 30

30 – 39

40 – 49

Over 50

0.90

23.71

76.29

0.34

11.00

51.89

36.77

3.25

39.46

28.45

29.70

71.55

70.30

1.24

11.98

31.21

40.62

45.00

29.91

22.55

17.49

56.39

18.36

81.64

15.38

30.67

29.08

24.87

100

23.21

76.79

13.44

34.44

30.13

21.99

Average 
basic salary 
US$

Average total 
remuneration 
US$

Ratio male 
to female

Ratio male  
to female

1.07

1.06

1.13

1.33

1.13

1.10

1.09

1.17

1.37

1.17

Employee new hires and turnover

Total

Gender

Age group

Region

Male

Female

30 30 – 39

40 – 49 Over 50

Asia Australia

Europe

Under 

North 
America

South 
America

5,500

3,372

2,128

1,850

1,992

1,158

500

524

4,072

7

62

835

17.00%

13.58%

28.35%

42.55%

17.88%

11.87%

7.03% 30.06%

18.88%

11.86%

2.85%

12.26%

3,523

2,571

952

656

1,177

872

818

208

1,855

10

1,045

405

10.89%

10.36%

12.68%

15.09%

10.56%

8.95%

11.50%

11.93%

8.60%

16.95% 48.05%

5.97%

Average basic 
salary US$

Average total 
remuneration US$

Total 
remuneration

Salary increase

Ratio standard entry level wage  
to local minimum wage

Ratio male  
to female

Ratio male  
to female

Ratio highest  
paid individual  
to median

Ratio highest  
paid individual  
to median

1.84

1.11

1.27

1.26

0.90

1.13

2.01

1.15

1.21

1.33

1.00

1.17

97 : 1

59 : 1

7 : 1

10 : 1

119 : 1

0 : 1

0 : 1

2 : 1

2 : 1

0 : 1

Female

3.81

1.83

– 

3.26

4.46

Male

3.71

2.14

– 

8.26

5.31

Employee new hires

Employee turnover

Remuneration

Remuneration(8)

Asia

Australia

Europe

North America

South America

Total

(1)  Proportional data in our People section are based on the average of the number of employees at the last day of each calendar month for a 10-month period which calculates  

an average for the year with the exception of the average number (and %) of employees in data table by region which shows the weighted average number of employees based 
on BHP ownership. There is no significant seasonal variation in employment numbers.

(2)  Data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.
(3)  Data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.
(4)  Absenteeism comprises sick leave, hospitalisation leave, injury on duty, short-term disability, unauthorised absence, industrial action, union absence, unpaid absence and 

workers’ compensation. Additionally, in FY2019, 1,609 employees made use of parental leave, of which 38.39 per cent were women and 61.61 per cent were men. Data on return 
to work is not reported due to methodology limitations and will be addressed in future reports.

(5)  For UK law purposes, we are required to show information for ‘senior managers’, which are defined to include both senior leaders and any persons who are directors of any 
subsidiary company, even if they are not senior leaders. In FY2019, 282 senior leaders comprised the top people in the organisation. There were 15 Directors of subsidiary 
companies who are not senior leaders, comprising 11 men and 4 women. Therefore, for UK law purposes, the total number of senior managers was 227 men and 70 women 
(24 per cent women) in FY2019. In FY2019, 90 per cent of our people worked in their country of nationality, including 63 per cent of our senior leaders. Senior leaders are 
defined as organisational levels A–D. A number of our assets have practices to hire people from the local community.

(6)  Contractor data is collected from internal surveys and 1 SAP from July 2018 to April 2019 and averaged for a 10-month period.
(7)  As at 29 May 2019 the Boards of our significant subsidiary companies have 45 Directors comprising 22 per cent women, 13 nationalities, and 47 per cent are aged between  

40 and 49 years. 

(8)  Remuneration: 

Contractors are excluded from the Report.
The highest paid individual in each significant region has been excluded from the median determination.
The highest paid individuals in each region with the exception of Europe and North America, did not receive a salary increase in FY2019.
Salary increases do not include promotional increases.
Individuals classified as entry level are those in an Operator and General Support role, and have been with the organisation for less than one year.
Europe does not have any employees in Operators and General Support roles who have been with the organisation for less than one year in FY2019.
  Minimum wage is determined for all locations except for Singapore and Switzerland, as they do not have a Minimum wage mandated by the government.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

92

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EY Assurance statement

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

93

    A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation Our Conclusions ► Limited Assurance  Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that suggest that BHP’s Sustainability Report including Asset Level Water Stewardship disclosures for the year ended 30 June 2019 (the Report) have not been prepared in accordance with the Criteria defined below. ► Reasonable Assurance  In our opinion, the Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, as reported in BHP’s Sustainability Report are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined below. What our assurance covered Ernst & Young (EY) was engaged by BHP to provide limited assurance over the following information in accordance with the noted criteria: What we assured What we assured it against (Criteria) BHP’s FY19 Sustainability Report  ► International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework Subject Matters 1 to 4 ► Management’s own publicly disclosed criteria ► Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards BHP’s Sustainability policies and other disclosures ICMM Sustainable Development Principles and mandatory position statements (Subject Matter 1) BHP’s identification and reporting of its material risks and opportunities ICMM Subject Matter 2  BHP’s implementation of systems and approaches to manage its material risks and opportunities ICMM Subject Matter 3 Water stewardship reporting in BHP’s FY19 Sustainability Report, at an asset level ICMM Standard:  A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting In addition, we were engaged by BHP to provide reasonable assurance over the following information in accordance with the noted criteria:  What we assured What we assured it against (Criteria) Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions ► World Resource Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI/WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol ► BHP’s Basis of Preparation Key responsibilities  EY’s responsibility and independence Our responsibility was to express limited and reasonable assurance conclusions on the noted subject matter as defined in the ‘what we assured’ column in the tables above (Subject Matter). We were also responsible for maintaining our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including independence, and have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement. BHP’s responsibility  BHP’s management was responsible for selecting the Criteria, and preparing and fairly presenting information presented in the Report in accordance with that Criteria. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, adequate records and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  Our approach to conducting the review We conducted our procedures in accordance with the International Federation of Accountants' International Standard for Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000), the Standard for Assurance on Greenhouse Gas Statements (ISAE 3410) and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with BHP on 4 September 2018. The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgement and included, but were not limited to, the following: ► Interviewing select corporate and site personnel to understand the reporting process at group, business, asset and site level, including management’s processes to identify BHP’s material issues  ► Reviewing BHP policies and management standards to determine alignment with the ICMM’s 10 SD principles and position statements  ► Checking the Report to understand how BHP’s identified material risks and opportunities are reflected within the qualitative disclosures ► Evaluating whether the information disclosed in the Report is consistent with our understanding of sustainability management and performance at BHP  ► Evaluating the suitability and application of the Criteria and that the Criteria have been applied appropriately to the Subject Matter  ► Conducting physical site visits at select BHP locations to evidence site level data collection and reporting to Group as well as to identify completeness of reported water and emission sources  ► Undertaking analytical procedures of the quantitative disclosures in the Report ► Reviewing data, information or explanation about the sustainability performance data and statements included in the Report  ► On a judgemental sample basis, reperforming calculations to check accuracy of claims in the Report ► On a sample basis, based on our professional judgement, agreeing claims to source information to check accuracy and completeness of claims, which included invoices, incident reports, meter calibration records, and meter data ► For our reasonable assurance scope, selecting key item and representative sampling, based on statistical audit sampling tables and agreeing claims to source information to check accuracy and completeness of claims, which included invoices, meter calibration records and meter data. We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable and limited assurance conclusions. Other Matters We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information relating to prior reporting periods, including those presented in the Report.  Our report does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by BHP relating to case studies and future performance plans and/or strategies disclosed in the Report.   While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within IT systems. Limited and Reasonable Assurance Procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.  While our procedures performed for our reasonable assurance engagement are of a higher level of assurance, due to the use of sampling techniques, it is not a guarantee that it will always detect material misstatements. Use of our Assurance Statement We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons other than management and the Directors of BHP, or for any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.  Our review included web-based information that was available via web links as of the date of this statement. We provide no assurance over changes to the content of this web-based information after the date of this assurance statement.    Ernst & Young  Mathew Nelson  Melbourne, Australia Partner 3 September 2019 Independent Limited Assurance Report to the Management and Directors of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc (BHP) BHP locations (includes non-operated operations)

31

16

27

25

29

26

28

30

13

17

2

6

22

5
4

20

3

21

13

17

1

19

23

12

33

32 

18

14

15

11

9

8

7

24

10

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

94

BHP locations (includes non-operated operations) continued

Minerals Australia

Ref Country

Asset

Description

1

2

3

4

5

6

Australia 

Australia

Australia

Australia

Australia

Australia

Olympic Dam

Underground copper mine, also producing uranium, gold and silver 

Western Australia Iron Ore

Integrated iron ore mines, rail and port operations in the Pilbara region  
of Western Australia

New South Wales Energy Coal

Open-cut energy coal mine and coal preparation plant in New South Wales

BHP Mitsubishi Alliance

Open-cut and underground metallurgical coal mines in the Queensland  
Bowen Basin and Hay Point Coal Terminal

BHP Mitsui Coal

Nickel West

Two open-cut metallurgical coal mines in the Bowen Basin, Central Queensland

Integrated sulphide mining, concentrating, smelting and refining operation  
in Western Australia

Minerals Americas

Ref Country

Asset

Description

7

8

9

Chile

Chile

Peru

10

Brazil

11

12

Colombia

Canada

Petroleum

Ref Country

13

Australia

Escondida

Pampa Norte

Antamina (1)

Samarco (1)

Cerrejón (1)

Jansen

Open-cut copper mine located in northern Chile

Consists of the Cerro Colorado and Spence open-cut mines, producing  
copper cathode in northern Chile

Open-cut copper and zinc mine in northern Peru

Open-cut iron ore mines, concentrators, pipelines, pelletising facilities  
and dedicated port

Open-cut energy coal mine with integrated rail and port operations

Our interest in potash is via development projects in the Canadian province  
of Saskatchewan, where the Jansen Project is our most advanced

Asset

Description

Australia Production Unit

Offshore oil fields and gas processing facilities in Western Australia  
and Victoria

14

15

16

17

18

US

Gulf of Mexico Production Unit

Offshore oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico

Trinidad and Tobago

Trinidad and Tobago Production Unit Offshore oil and gas fields

Algeria

Australia

US

Algeria Joint Interest Unit (1)

Onshore oil and gas unit

Australia Joint Interest Unit (1)

Offshore oil and gas fields in Bass Strait and North West Shelf

Gulf of Mexico Joint Interest Unit (1)

Offshore oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico

BHP principal office locations

Ownership

100%

65 – 85%

100%

50%

80%

100%

Ownership

57.5%

100%

33.75%

50%

33.3%

100%

Ownership

39.99 – 90%

35 – 44%

45%

29.3%

12.5 – 50%

23.9 – 44%

Ref Country

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

Australia

Australia

Australia

Australia

Canada

Chile

China

India

Japan

28 Malaysia

29

Philippines

30 Singapore

31

32

33

UK

US

US

Location

Adelaide

Brisbane

Melbourne

Perth

Saskatoon

Santiago

Shanghai

New Delhi

Tokyo

Office

Minerals Australia office 

Minerals Australia office 

Global headquarters 

Minerals Australia office 

Minerals Americas office 

Minerals Americas office 

Corporate office

Corporate office

Corporate office

Kuala Lumpur

Global Asset Services Centre 

Manila

Singapore

London

Houston

Washington DC

Global Asset Services Centre

Marketing and corporate office 

Corporate office 

Petroleum office

Corporate office 

Copper

Iron Ore

Coal

Nickel

Potash

Petroleum

(1)  Non-operated joint venture.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

95

Corporate directory

BHP Registered Offices
BHP Group Limited 
Australia
171 Collins Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000
Telephone Australia 1300 55 47 57  
Telephone International +61 3 9609 3333 
Facsimile +61 3 9609 3015

BHP Corporate Centres
Chile
Cerro El Plomo 6000 
Piso 18 
Las Condes 7560623 
Santiago
Telephone +56 2 2579 5000 
Facsimile +56 2 2207 6517

Commercial Office
Singapore
10 Marina Boulevard, #07-01 
Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2 
Singapore 018983
Telephone +65 6421 6000 
Facsimile +65 6421 6800

BHP Group Plc
United Kingdom
Nova South, 160 Victoria Street 
London SW1E 5LB
Telephone +44 20 7802 4000 
Facsimile +44 20 7802 4111

Group General Counsel  
and Company Secretary
Caroline Cox

Share Registrars and Transfer Offices
Australia
BHP Group Limited Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services  
Pty Limited 
Yarra Falls, 452 Johnston Street 
Abbotsford VIC 3067 
Postal address – GPO Box 2975 
Melbourne VIC 3001
Telephone 1300 656 780 (within Australia) 
+61 3 9415 4020 (outside Australia) 
Facsimile +61 3 9473 2460 
Email enquiries: investorcentre.com/bhp

United Kingdom
BHP Group Plc Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services PLC 
The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road 
Bristol BS13 8AE 
Postal address (for general enquiries) 
The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road 
Bristol BS99 6ZZ
Telephone +44 344 472 7001 
Facsimile +44 370 703 6101 
Email enquiries:  
investorcentre.co.uk/contactus

United States
Our agent for service in the United States 
is Jennifer Lopez-Burkland at: 
1500 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 150 
Houston, TX 77056-3020
Telephone +1 713 961 8500 
Facsimile +1 713 961 8400

South Africa
BHP Group Plc Branch Register  
and Transfer Secretary 
Computershare Investor Services 
(Pty) Limited 
Rosebank Towers 
15 Biermann Avenue 
Rosebank 
2196, South Africa  
Postal address – PO Box 61051 
Marshalltown 2107
Telephone +27 11 373 0033 
Facsimile +27 11 688 5217 
Email enquiries:  
web.queries@computershare.co.za
Holders of shares dematerialised into Strate 
should contact their CSDP or stockbroker.

New Zealand
Computershare Investor Services Limited 
Level 2/159 Hurstmere Road 
Takapuna Auckland 0622
Postal address – Private Bag 92119 
Auckland 1142
Telephone +64 9 488 8777 
Facsimile +64 9 488 8787

United States
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
250 Royall Street 
Canton, MA 02021
Postal address – PO Box 43078 
Providence, RI 02940-3078
Telephone +1 888 404 6340 
(toll-free within US) 
Facsimile +1 312 601 4331
ADR Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar  
Citibank Shareholder Services 
PO Box 43077 
Providence, RI 02940-3077
Telephone +1 781 575 4555 (outside of US) 
+1 877 248 4237 (+1-877-CITIADR)  
(toll-free within US) 
Facsimile +1 201 324 3284 
Email enquiries:  
citibank@shareholders-online.com
Website: citi.com/dr

How to access information on BHP 

BHP produces a range of publications, which are available  
online at bhp.com. If you are a shareholder, you can also elect  
to receive a paper copy of the Annual Report through one of  
the Share Registrars listed above.

Subscribe to receive news alerts 
sent directly to your email address

linkedin . com / company  / bhp 
youtube . com / bhp 
twitter . com / bhp

Read our reports at 
bhp.com

Annual Report  
2019

Economic 
Contribution 
Report 2019

Front cover image: Xanthorrhoea, grass tree up close. Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Photo: Getty Images.

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

96

Corporate directory continued

bhp.com

BHP Sustainability Report 2019 

97

To bring people and resources together to build a better world.

Our strategy is to have the best capabilities, best commodities and best assets, to create long term value and high returns.

Sustainability Putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible and supporting our communities.

Integrity Doing what is right and doing what we say we will do.

Respect Embracing openness, trust, teamwork, diversity and relationships that are mutually beneficial.

Performance Achieving superior business results by stretching our capabilities.

Simplicity Focusing our efforts on the things that matter most.

Accountability Defining and accepting responsibility and delivering on our commitments.

Our people start each day with a sense of purpose and end the day with a sense of accomplishment.

Our communities, customers and suppliers value their relationships with us.

Our asset portfolio is world class and sustainably developed.

Our operational discipline and financial strength enables our future growth.

Our shareholders receive a superior return on their investment.

Fresh water’ is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water.

Fresh water withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of fresh water sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

Thank you for downloading BHP’s Sustainability Report 2019.

This Report tracks our progress against a range of health, safety, environmental and community measures that we voluntarily disclose as part of our commitment to greater transparency.

Though the Report covers our performance in FY2019, sustainability has long been hardwired into all the decisions we make, the actions our people take and the processes adopted by our business across the globe.

Global shifts in investor, political and community sentiment amid the rapid pace of change inspired us to refresh our purpose and contribution to society.

Our profits must have a purpose and a socially responsible purpose generates greater shareholder value.

Our updated purpose is: to bring people and resources together to build a better world.

It acknowledges people as the driving force behind our ability to deliver sustainable and commercial outcomes.

This is an intrinsic part of how we build social value, which is our contribution to our people, the environment and communities.

It informs the way in which we provide resources, achieve commercial success and make our workplace safe.

Health and safety Safety will always be our top priority.

Last December, one of our colleagues, Allan Houston, died at work at BMA’s Saraji Mine in Queensland.

I extend my deepest sympathies to Allan’s family, friends and colleagues impacted by this tragic incident.

In response, we have redoubled our efforts to make sure our people go home safely each day.

Throughout the year, our leaders held safety engagements with contractors and employees across the business.

The success of our safety programs helped reduce the number of events with the potential to cause a fatality by 7 per cent, which is a critical indicator of our future safety performance across our business.

However, we had a slight rise in total recordable injury frequency to 4.7 per million hours worked.

Though we are encouraged by the success of our safety leadership program, we know we have more to do to make our workplace safer.

This year, we introduced significant changes to the way we engage and manage contractors given they comprise two thirds of our workforce.

We also took a leadership role within the International Council on Minerals and Metals to strengthen the health and safety performance of our contract suppliers.

Tailings dams Nothing is more important than the safety of our people and communities.

That’s why we significantly increased the rigour of our assessment and management of tailings facilities since the tragic failure of the Fund o dam at Samarco in 2015.

In FY2019, building on the work we did in 2016, we initiated dam safety reviews at significant active, inactive and closed tailings facilities across BHP.

The reviews assessed dam design, construction, operations, emergency response and governance to determine the current level of risk and make sure the controls we have in place are adequate and effective.

The tragic failure of Vale’s Brumadinho tailings dam in Brazil in January 2019 shows we all must act with even greater urgency to make sure these incidents do not happen.

That’s why we are working closely with industry to achieve more consistent disclosure.

We established a Tailings Taskforce to oversee improvement and assurance for our operated tailings dams and we will participate in setting new international and independent tailings management standards.

Environment The environmental challenges we face are complex and unprecedented.

They demand concerted and collective action to reduce impacts to water resources and biodiversity and curb carbon emissions.

We acknowledge our responsibility to take action on climate change to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as a major producer and consumer of fossil fuels.

We remain committed to our five year target to maintain total operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels.

In FY2019, our operational GHG emissions were 3 per cent below our target baseline.

In line with the Paris Agreement, our long term goal is to achieve net zero emissions from our operations in the latter half of this century and next year we will establish an additional medium term target.

In July, we announced we had set up a five year US 400 million Climate Investment Program to find the best technologies and other solutions to reduce GHG emissions from our business and across our value chain.

This year, we launched our Water Stewardship Position Statement that outlines our vision for a water secure world by 2030.

It sets out our actions to improve water management within our operations and contribute to more effective water governance beyond our business.

Since 2011, BHP contributed more than US 75 million towards conservation to improve biodiversity, climate and water outcomes.

Community BHP’s success depends on healthy, prosperous and engaged global communities.

Success is measured by the value communities place on our presence and whether we achieve environmental and economic sustainability.

We have made good progress in meeting our five year community targets that tackle a number of sustainable development challenges.

This Report also examines progress towards our 2025 aspiration of gender balance.

This includes our push for more flexible ways of working and a respectful culture that boost our inclusivity and diversity.

As part of our social value commitment, we publicly endorsed the Uluru Statement from the Heart in January 2019, which calls for a greater voice and constitutional recognition for Indigenous Australians.

Our partnerships with Traditional Owners of the land on which we operate are important to us and critical to our business so we support their actions to elevate Indigenous voices.

In FY2019, our voluntary social investment totalled US 93.5 million, including US 55.7 million in direct community development projects and donations.

We are committed to transparency and must never lose sight of the importance of delivering meaningful gains for our stakeholders today as we pursue long term value.

To meet our sustainability challenges and stay at the forefront of change, we must continue to invest in a workforce that is genuinely inclusive and diverse because our people will move us towards a more sustainable and successful future.

This Sustainability Report lays out an overview of BHP’s long term and ongoing commitment to sustainability, which is underpinned by Our Charter values and our company purpose: to bring people and resources together to build a better world.

This Report provides an opportunity for engagement with our stakeholders, who we know are more concerned than ever about our short term delivery and long term performance in sustainability.

This includes our investors, our communities and our people.

As such, we have endeavoured to provide within this Report a balanced picture of our progress to date as well as key areas for improvement.

We voluntarily disclose data to be transparent and keep ourselves accountable.

The data and information published in this Report serve as an important record of how BHP is performing from year to year around themes that are critical to a sustainable future.

These themes are both global in nature (such as how we can respond to the impacts of climate change) and more locally focused (such as rehabilitating the natural environment and supporting the communities in which we operate).

All case studies in this Report are available online at bhp.com.

Our sustainability approach (page 9) gives an overview of our actions and strategy, as well as responding to issues of public interest, such as our response to the Fund o tailings dam failure in Samarco in 2015 and our subsequent steps toward rehabilitation of the area and resettlement of the community.

In this section, we also disclose our approach to tailings dam management.

Health and safety (page 25) discloses data around the health and safety of our workforce.

Environment (page 32) shows how we work to minimise environmental impacts from our operations, tracks our environmental performance and tells how we look beyond our own operations to support conservation, the sustainable use of natural environments and how we contribute to resilient natural ecosystems for future generations.

Climate change (page 37) discloses data on GHG emissions and how we manage climate related risk.

Water (page 44) discloses data on our water use, performance and interactions, which follows on from our inaugural BHP Water Report in 2018.

The closing three sections of our Report focus on fostering ethical and respectful relationships with our people and the communities, small businesses, Indigenous peoples and governments of the regions in which we operate.

These sections are: Society addresses community concerns, respecting human rights, our social investment and recognising the traditional rights of the Indigenous peoples who are the custodians of the land on which we operate.

People tells how we support our global workforce’s wellbeing and promote an inclusive and diverse corporate culture.

We show how we are tracking against our aspirational goal of gender balance by 2025 and outline the steps we are taking to ensure women, Indigenous peoples and LGBT people want to work in the resources sector.

Ethics and business conduct reinforces our commitment to transparency and outlines governance of Our Code of Conduct, including anti corruption compliance.

Our reporting approach We pride ourselves on voluntarily and transparently disclosing data using sustainability guidelines, standards and recommendations informed by external sources.

This year, for the first time, we report data on our tailings dams.

This Sustainability Report aligns with the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework and is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards comprehensive level reporting.

As signatories to the principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), this Sustainability Report serves as our UNGC Communication on Progress on implementation of the principles and support for its broader development objectives.

More information is available online at bhp.com and we invite readers to access case study information and topic specific detail via this platform.

We have obtained external limited assurance over our Sustainability Report disclosures.

Refer to EY’s assurance report for the full assurance statement.

Reporting boundary and scope This Sustainability Report covers BHP’s assets (including those under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, sites and closed operations) that have been wholly owned and or operated by BHP and assets that have been owned as a joint venture(1) operated by BHP (referred to in this Sustainability Report as assets’, or operated assets’ or operations’) during the period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.

On 28 September 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued share capital of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Arkansas) Inc. and 100 per cent of the membership interests in BHP Billiton Petroleum (Fayetteville) LLC, which held the Fayetteville assets, for a total cash consideration of US 0.3 billion.

On 31 October 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued share capital of Petrohawk Energy Corporation, the BHP subsidiary which held the Eagle Ford (being Black Hawk and Hawkville), Haynesville and Permian assets, for a total cash consideration of US 10.3 billion (less preliminary customary completion adjustments of US 0.2 billion).

While the effective date at which the right to economic profits transferred to the purchasers was 1 July 2018, the Group continued to control the Onshore US assets until the completion dates of their respective transactions.

In addition, the Group provided transitional services to the buyer, which ceased in July 2019.

As such, information and data in this Sustainability Report relating to the Group (other than FY2019 safety performance data) has been presented on a Continuing and Discontinued operations basis to include the contribution from Onshore US assets prior to completion of their sale, unless otherwise stated.

FY2019 safety performance data in this Sustainability Report has been presented on a Continuing and Discontinued operations basis to include the contribution from Onshore US assets to 28 February 2019.

Continuing operations means the assets, operations and entities that are owned and or operated by BHP, excluding Onshore US and assets, operations and entities included in the demerger of South32.

For FY2014 to FY2019, Discontinued operations includes the assets, operations and entities that were owned by and or operated by BHP during FY2019 and sold as part of our Onshore US sale, which was announced on 27 June 2018.

For FY2014 to FY2015, Discontinued operations also includes assets, operations and entities that were owned and or operated by BHP during FY2015 and demerged into a new company (South32) on 25 May 2015.

On 14 May 2019, BHP announced we would fully integrate Nickel West into the BHP Operating Model.

During FY2019, Nickel West was not fully integrated into our Operating Model.

Accordingly, it was granted exemptions from certain Our Requirements standards, including the requirements to conduct a human rights impact assessment every three years, and have a quantified water balance model (unless required by a material risk).

Statements in this Sustainability Report concerning these matters do not apply to Nickel West.

It is expected that Nickel West will be fully integrated into our Operational Model in FY2020.

BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP (referred to in this Sustainability Report as non operated joint ventures’ or non operated assets’).

Our non operated joint ventures are not included within the scope of this Sustainability Report, unless otherwise stated.

Data for non operated joint ventures is not presented in this Sustainability Report, unless otherwise stated.

Comparative information includes divested assets unless otherwise stated.

A note on terminology In this Sustainability Report, the terms BHP’, the Company’, the Group’, our business’, organisation’, we’, us’, our’ and ourselves’ refer to BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and, except where the context otherwise requires, their respective subsidiaries as defined in note 13 Related undertakings of the Group’ in section 5.2 of BHP’s Annual Report 2019 on Form 20 F. Notwithstanding that this Report may include production, financial and other information from non operated assets, non operated assets are not included in the BHP Group and, as a result, statements regarding our operations, assets and values apply only to our operated assets unless otherwise stated.

The Boards of Directors of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc are referred to collectively as the Board’.

Forward looking statements This Sustainability Report contains forward looking statements, including statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives of management closure or divestment of certain assets, operations or facilities and regulatory developments.

Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology, including, but not limited to, intend’, aim’, project’, anticipate’, estimate’, plan’, believe’, expect’, may’, should’, will’, continue’ or similar words.

These statements discuss future expectations or provide other forward looking information.

These forward looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this Sustainability Report.

Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward looking statements.

Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in such statements as a result of a variety of factors, including our ability to profitably produce and transport the minerals, petroleum and or metals extracted to applicable markets the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the market prices of the minerals, petroleum or metals we produce activities of government authorities in the countries where we are exploring or developing projects, facilities or mines, including increases in taxes, changes in environmental and other regulations and political uncertainty labour unrest and other factors identified in the risk factors set out in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.

Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.

We adopt the US Government’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration Guidelines for the recording and reporting of occupational injuries and illnesses.

The baseline exposure profile (as at 30 June 2017) is derived through a combination of quantitative exposure measurements and qualitative assessments undertaken by specialist occupational hygienists consistent with best practice as defined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association.

The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure onoing comparability of performance.

Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

Freshwater’ is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water.

Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

It means putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible and supporting the communities in which we operate.

The wellbeing of our people, the community and the environment is considered in everything we do.

But it goes beyond that we are committed to making a positive contribution to a sustainable future for all by acknowledging and responding to global issues.

Why sustainability is important to us BHP has long been committed to building a sustainable future.

Demand will continue to grow for our natural resources as the world shifts to a decarbonised future.

We keep our asset portfolio simple, with an increased focus on commodities that will shape a greener world and continue to power economic growth.

Our exploration activities are heavily copper focused, for example, as copper plays an important role in creating cleaner renewable energy.

Recyclable, durable and highly conductive, copper is an essential component in electric vehicles and wind turbines.

To responsibly meet future demand for our commodities, we must invest in a diverse and highly skilled workforce and sustainable processes and practices.

At BHP, we know we must build trust and forge mutually beneficial partnerships for the long term because the value we create together is central to shareholder value.

As such, our success is not just measured in profitability we also seek to create social value.

Social value is an important barometer of our performance because it measures our ability to produce strong safety outcomes, meaningfully contribute to communities, build environmental resilience and uphold human rights.

We embrace inclusion and diversity in our workforce, empower and advocate for Indigenous peoples and encourage business across our supply chain to adopt a similar commitment to sustainability.

In 1997, we set global sustainability targets for the first time and in 2011, Our Charter was revised to include Sustainability as a core value.

This year, we updated our company purpose to recognise the vital role our people play in our success and the broader contribution we make.

On a global level, we are committed to playing our part in creating a sustainable future by acknowledging and responding to risks that impact everyone, such as climate change and water availability.

We use international benchmarks to track our performance, such as the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals and the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) principles.

We also conduct an annual materiality assessment to identify key sustainability issues for BHP.

Good governance is essential to the success of our sustainability approach, with oversight from the Board and a dedicated Sustainability Committee.

Our purpose For more than 130 years, BHP has sought to operate a safe, sustainable and productive business that makes a fair contribution to society.

As custodians of natural resources, we have a responsibility to shape the future in a way that creates prosperity for shareholders, our communities and society.

In 2011, BHP expressed its purpose as the creation of long term shareholder value.

Since then, we have evolved as the external business landscape has changed.

While value creation is central to what we do, this purpose did not fully reflect the story behind why we exist.

We believed our purpose must encompass all of our stakeholders and more accurately capture our long term approach.

To better understand the relationship between our purpose and stakeholders, we consulted retail and institutional investors, community leaders, customers, suppliers and our people in early 2018.

They said a revised purpose must have people front and centre, it should not shy away from the fact we are a resources company and it must demonstrate how we make a broader contribution to the world.

Following a year of feedback and testing with more than 1,000 employees, BHP’s Board endorsed our new purpose as: to bring people and resources together to build a better world.

Our new purpose reflects a spirit, approach and ambition that already exists at BHP and will guide us in everything we do.

Creating long term shareholder value remains a strategic imperative.

Without that focus, BHP would not exist because our shareholders entrust us with their funds and expect competitive returns.

Our contribution to social value To fulfil our purpose, we have evolved our thinking about our partnerships with the communities where we operate and our contribution to society and the environment more broadly.

For many years, BHP has maintained relationships and achieved social, environmental and economic outcomes that were necessary to operate, otherwise referred to as social licence.

However, we believe this is no longer enough to maintain BHP’s long term success.

Our focus has shifted to identifying opportunities that contribute to social value, while continuing to meet our legal, regulatory and ethical requirements.

The long term success of our business depends on the long term health of society and a sustainable natural environment our approach must be about the long term value we can create together with our stakeholders.

If we do not do this well, our ability to earn and maintain the trust of our stakeholders, attract the right employees and secure access to capital, resources and markets will be hampered.

Importantly, social value is not new to BHP there are already many examples of BHP’s contribution to social value: from global water stewardship and Indigenous advocacy to our Local Buying Program.

BHP Safety First campaign was launched with medical practitioners hired to provide support to our workforce and their families.

The People’s Fund was established to provide education, medical and social services to our workforce.

The Female Staff Provident Fund was introduced, recognising the contribution of the women in BHP’s workforce.

BHP acknowledged scientific consensus on climate change and committed to a range of operational projects to improve energy efficiency and address greenhouse gas emissions.

BHP set global sustainability targets for the first time and sustainability reporting began with BHP producing its first Environmental Report.

A social investment target of not less than one per cent of pre tax profits was established.

BHP Billiton committed to the United Nations Global Compact and its principles, which address human rights, labour standards and the environment.

The World Class Supplier Program in Chile was launched, to engage local suppliers to develop innovative solutions to manage our operations and help build world class suppliers that can export their services around the world.

BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities, the precursor to the BHP Foundation, was established to partner with organisations to deliver large scale, long term social and environmental development projects.

Our Local Buying Program was established with an emphasis on building better relationships between our operations and local small businesses, to build local capacity and capability.

Gender balance by 2025 was set as an aspirational goal, from a base of 17 per cent female representation.

BHP is one of the first companies in the world to adopt the recommendations of the Task force on Climate related Financial Disclosures.

The Uluru Statement from the Heart was endorsed by BHP, supporting a greater voice and constitutional recognition for Indigenous Australians.

We announced a Climate Investment Program of US 400 million over five years to invest in and develop technologies to reduce emissions.

We launched our Water Stewardship Position Statement, further demonstrating our commitment towards water security and stewardship.

Sustainability at BHP BHP aims for the best culture and capabilities in the best commodities, with the best assets, underpinned by a strong balance sheet and capital allocation process.

Our success depends on the value communities place on our contribution.

We cannot succeed without access to high quality resources and people.

We must form and maintain respectful and reciprocal partnerships with our stakeholders, embed long term social, environmental and economic performance into our planning and decision making and demonstrate the highest environmental, health and safety standards in our operations.

Sustainability is a core value set out in Our Charter.

That means putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible and supporting the communities in which we work.

Contributing to sustainable development The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are ambitious goals to improve the wellbeing of present and future generations.

The 17 SDGs promote sustainable development to tackle the world’s most pressing challenges.

This approach means we can work in genuine partnership with others towards shared outcomes.

BHP Sustainability Committee members visit Broadmeadow Mine, Queensland.

Sustainability governance BHP’s Board oversees our approach to sustainability, with the Board’s Sustainability Committee having oversight of health, safety, environmental and community (HSEC) matters and assisting the Board with governance and monitoring.

Members of the Sustainability Committee are Non executive Directors determined by the Board to have appropriate skills in HSEC matters.

Members of the Sustainability Committee in FY2019 were Malcolm Broomhead, Ian Cockerill (from 1 April 2019), Ken MacKenzie (until 1 April 2019) and John Mogford.

The Sustainability Committee also oversees the adequacy of the systems to identify and manage HSEC related risks, legal and regulatory compliance and overall HSEC and other human rights performance.

The Board’s Risk and Audit Committee assists with oversight of the Group’s risk management systems.

For more information, refer to section 2.13 of our Annual Report 2019.

The Sustainability Committee recommends to the Board the approval of the Sustainability Report for publication.

The Committee also guides the Remuneration Committee in setting HSEC related scorecard targets and offers guidance to the Remuneration Committee of the evaluation of performance against those targets.

For more information about the Sustainability Committee and its work, refer to section 2.13 of our Annual Report 2019.

Our stakeholders BHP is committed to building strong relationships with our stakeholders to achieve long term sustainable social, environmental and economic outcomes.

At a global and regional level, we participate in government consultations and voluntary initiatives, and engage with industry associations to support positive change and sustainable practices.

Locally, our assets develop reciprocal relationships with communities and plan, implement and document stakeholder engagement activities.

For a detailed description of our stakeholders, their interests and how we engage with them, refer to our Sustainability Reporting Navigator at bhp.com.

Bringing our people together is an intrinsic part of our purpose.

Our leaders and managers regularly communicate our vision and goals, and encourage feedback and comment from our people through internal communication channels and surveys.

For more information, refer to the People section.

Sustainability targets We set clear targets to challenge ourselves to improve our sustainability performance, transparency and accountability.

To realise these targets, we embed sustainability performance measures throughout the Group.

They include Group wide key performance indicators to balanced scorecards for individual employees.

Our five year targets set in FY2017 help us to operate safely, manage water sustainably, reduce our environmental impact, look after our people and contribute to improved quality of life in the communities where we have a presence.

These targets were created in consultation with our assets and key internal and external stakeholders, and approved by the Sustainability Committee.

Achieving these goals is fundamental to the success of our business and our commitments to the objectives of the Paris Agreement and the SDGs.

They are outlined earlier in Our FY2019 sustainability performance and in each relevant section.

To help us engage with our stakeholders and ensure we have access to leading specialist expertise, we regularly seek advice from external experts and forums on sustainability issues.

The BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility (the Forum) is a key part of our stakeholder engagement program.

The Forum comprises nine independent civil society leaders in various fields of sustainability, who make a vitally important contribution to our approach to a range of social and environmental issues and the development of our standards.

They provide insight into current and emerging issues, challenge our thinking and allow us to understand and consider the broader impacts of our actions.

The Forum members advise our operational management teams as well as BHP’s Sustainability Committee and Board.

The Forum met twice during FY2019 and discussed a range of topics, such as BHP’s Water Stewardship Position Statement, social value and purpose, and advocacy for Indigenous peoples.

The future of work at BHP was also discussed, including the impacts and opportunities arising from automation.

Professor Yaa Ntiamoa Baidu, Centre for African Wetlands, University of Ghana (Ghana) Professor Michael (Mick) Dodson, Treaty Commissioner (Northern Territory) and Professor Emeritus,.

Catalina Cock Duque, Executive Director, Fundaci n Mi Sangre (Colombia) Cristina Echavarria, Board Member, Alliance for Responsible Mining (Colombia) Professor Don Henry, Public Policy Fellow Environmentalism, University of Melbourne (Australia) Dr Simon Longstaff, Executive Director, The Ethics Centre (Australia) Ray Offenheiser, Director, Notre Dame Initiative for Global Development (USA) Phil Vernon, Independent Peacebuilding and International Development Expert (United Kingdom) Changhua Wu, China Asia Director, Office of Jeremy Rifkin (China).

How we manage sustainability We are committed to complying with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate and aim to exceed legal and regulatory requirements where they are less stringent than our own.

Everyone involved in our operations and our functions is guided in the execution of these accountabilities by Our Charter and supported by Our Code of Conduct and the Our Requirements standards.

These standards and related functional controlled documents set out our mandatory minimum performance and establish the requirements for management systems at our assets.

They are consistent with the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework, the UN Global Compact, the UN Declaration of Human Rights and the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.

Although these standards are for internal use, we have made the HSEC related elements of several of the Our Requirements standards and related functional controlled documents publicly available on our website (bhp.com), where we believe they clarify our management approach and where there is a broader community or industry benefit.

Managing risk BHP applies a Risk Framework to identify and manage risks.

In FY2019, we refined the Framework, which allows us to consistently apply a risk based approach to sustainability.

The Framework includes a Group Risk Architecture through which we consider the material risk impact on all categories of risk.

This covers: strategy exploration, growth and development production and operations commercial people and culture health and safety environment, climate change and community technology, innovation and systems financial management and legal, compliance and stakeholder management.

The revised Framework evaluates the full risk exposure and the aggregate impact of cumulative risks.

Our risk management is monitored against our defined risk appetite through key risk indicators at the enterprise level and through regular and ad hoc reviews of risks and controls for each individual risk.

A three lines of defence’ model of risk governance and management outlines how responsibilities for risk management are divided between business owners, standard setters and internal audit.

This enables operational management to own and verify risks, supported by the relevant functions and is independently assured by our Internal Audit and Advisory (IAA) team.

We embed risk management in critical business activities and the processes and systems of our assets and functions through a common global risk process.

Our assets and functions are required to identify and manage current and emerging material risks across our business activities, functions and processes in accordance with the Our Requirements for Risk Management standard.

IAA evaluates the design and effectiveness of our sustainability processes each year.

These results help improve these processes and are reported to the Executive Leadership Team and senior operational leaders, with summary reports provided to the Sustainability Committee and the Risk and Audit Committee.

We have obtained external limited assurance over our Sustainability Report disclosures.

Refer to EY’s assurance statement at the end of this Sustainability Report.

Through reporting, we are accountable to our stakeholders for results.

Identifying metrics and indicators to track performance and setting clear targets challenge us, drive improvement and allow stakeholders to assess our performance in the areas that matter most.

Our Requirements standards are the foundation for developing and implementing effective management solutions.

Our Code of Conduct supports Our Charter and reflects many of the standards and procedures applied throughout BHP.

Our Charter articulates our common purpose, our values, how we measure success and is the basis for decision making.

Water, dams, tailings and climate change are critical issues for us as they have the potential to impact safety, the environment and the community and have the potential to impact our ability to continue to operate and grow.

The issue of trust in institutions and corporations was assessed as a material concern for BHP in FY2019.

This drives our concerted efforts to build trust with all our stakeholders.

The issues identified by the materiality assessment conducted in FY2019 are outlined below and include links to other sections in this Report, our Annual Report 2019 or online.

Our materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement processes are detailed in our Sustainability Reporting Navigator 2019 available online at bhp.com.

Our material sustainability issues We conduct a materiality assessment each year to identify the sustainability issues that are most critical to our business and stakeholders.

We also assess the impact our activities have on the economy, the environment and society.

We review a wide variety of internal and external sources and consult with stakeholders using surveys, investor round tables and advisory groups to identify the issues of most concern to them and to our business.

The Sustainability Committee reviews the assessment and provides feedback on the issues.

The Forum on Corporate Responsibility reviewed the methodology in November 2018.

This helps us to track ongoing issues and identify emerging ones.

The materiality assessment informs our sustainability strategies and provides transparent coverage of key topics in line with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) principles.

Trust in institutions Board competency, succession and accountability Governance and management of our non operated joint ventures Response to Samarco Product stewardship Dams and tailings management.

Biodiversity and land management Environmental impacts of our operations Managing air emissions.

Portfolio resilience Physical impacts of climate change Minimising greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and from the use of our products Global response to climate change.

Community relationships Respecting human rights Indigenous peoples Automation Economic support for communities and social investment.

Inclusion and diversity Training and development of our people.

Anti corruption and bribery Transparency and disclosure.

Promoting sustainability in our value chain As a leading global resources company, we must work with our customers, suppliers and other value chain participants to promote sustainable practices across the full life cycle of our products.

Product stewardship BHP encourages the responsible design, use, reuse, recycling and disposal of our products throughout our value chain, in line with the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework.

We support industry association programs and other initiatives that bring together participants in a product’s life cycle to improve sustainability performance.

For example, we support Responsible Steel and the European Copper Institute’s product stewardship initiatives, and participate in the ICMM Materials Stewardship Facility.

In FY2019, we participated in the London Metal Exchange’s consultation on responsible sourcing standards, and in the development of the Copper Mark, a new assurance program for responsible copper production established by the International Copper Association.

Where possible, BHP also works directly with those involved in processing and using our products to improve environmental performance throughout the value chain, and to promote the sustainable use of our products.

For example, we work with individual customers to design and test raw material blends that optimise environmental performance.

We also collaborate on research with customers, industry bodies and academia to identify sustainable product and process improvements.

In FY2020, we will develop a more strategic and integrated approach to addressing sustainability across our value chain.

The strategy will consider our procurement processes, product design and placement, and our stewardship role in promoting sustainability throughout our products’ life cycles.

Sustainable procurement We encourage the people we work with to put sustainability at the heart of their operations.

Contractors working at our assets are required to comply with our HSEC standards.

We are focused on how we can support suppliers and service providers to adopt sustainable business standards in health, safety, human rights, anti corruption and environmental protection that are as rigorous as our own.

We also look for opportunities to minimise safety, health, human rights, environmental and climate impacts throughout our value chain.

We use a risk based approach to identify potential suppliers to assess their compliance against our requirements that is based on a combination of questionnaires, due diligence and third party data.

New supplier management processes introduced in FY2018 have strengthened our compliance controls, particularly in relation to anti corruption and sanctions.

In FY2019, we began integrating human rights due diligence into our supplier management processes.

This includes steps to encourage them to improve human rights risk management (including modern slavery) among subcontractors and across their own supply chain.

Sustainable shipping BHP is one of the largest global shippers of bulk commodities.

We engage with industry bodies, governments and regulators to leverage technological developments and promote improvements in sustainability standards.

We continue to take a collaborative approach to better understand human rights and ethics risks (including the potential for forced labour and unacceptable working conditions) that seafarers may be exposed to, and identify opportunities to improve our processes, particularly with respect to our own charter vessels.

GHG emissions resulting from the transportation and distribution of our products represent a significant source of Scope 3 emissions.

We are working on initiatives to reduce freight emissions associated with our business and to encourage immediate and long term change in the shipping industry.

BHP is a part owner and collaborator with RightShip, a leading maritime risk management and environmental assessment organisation that has developed a GHG emissions rating for all dry bulk vessels.

Adopting this rating allowed us to eliminate the poorest rated vessels from our chartered fleet and make immediate emissions reductions.

The development of liquefied natural gas (LNG) as a bunker fuel is a priority and we are working to bring LNG fuelled dry bulk vessels to BHP’s supply chain.

LNG is projected to produce 25 per cent less carbon dioxide than marine diesel as well as almost zero sulphur, which is a major contributor to harmful air pollution.

The use of biofuel for dry bulk shipping is also promising in terms of reducing GHG emissions in the longer term.

BHP is supporting the trial of second generation biofuel as an alternative fuel source for dry bulk vessels with the Singapore Maritime and Port Authority.

For more information, read our case study BHP embraces emissions reduction innovations in shipping industry at bhp.com community case studies.

Sustainability at our non operated minerals joint ventures and petroleum non operated assets BHP holds interests in companies and joint ventures that we do not operate.

These are described in our Annual Report 2019, which is available online at bhp.com.

Petroleum non operated assets In our current petroleum non operated assets, we have processes in place to identify and manage risks within the rights afforded by the respective joint operating agreements.

This includes (as permitted by the relevant operator and or joint operating arrangements) verification of risk control strategies through field visits, review and analysis of the operator’s performance data, participation in operator audits and sharing BHP risk management strategies and processes.

Non operated minerals joint ventures Our non operated minerals joint ventures include Antamina (33.75 per cent ownership), Cerrej n (33.33 per cent ownership), Resolution (45 per cent ownership), Samarco (50 per cent ownership) and Nimba (45.45 per cent ownership) (NOJVs).

Our Non Operated Joint Ventures team engages with our non operated joint venture (NOJV) partners and companies and other relevant internal and external stakeholders, and provides a single point of accountability for all NOJVs within BHP. While NOJVs have their own operating and management standards, we encourage operator companies to adopt appropriate governance and risk management standards (within the limits of the relevant joint venture agreements).

We have performed BHP Field Leadership Program activities across various NOJV sites.

These activities are designed to facilitate safe work discussions to identify potential safety issues, promote near miss and hazard reporting and to use real time safety investigations to improve awareness and culture.

The goal of the Field Leadership Program is to promote a resilient safety culture where employees are able to identify positive behaviours, at risk behaviours and opportunities for system improvement.

We challenge our NOJV operators to reduce the risk of water and air quality impacts for workers and communities, and request that communities are adequately consulted, informed and have access to appropriate complaints and grievance mechanisms.

We aim to strengthen our NOJVs’ compliance with national regulations and alignment with the ICMM Sustainable Development Framework.

More information on our NOJVs is available in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

The Fund o dam failure On 5 November 2015, the Fund o tailings dam operated by Samarco Minera o S.A. (Samarco) failed.

Samarco is a non operated joint venture owned by BHP Billiton Brasil Limitada (BHP Billiton Brasil) and Vale S.A. (Vale), with each having a 50 per cent shareholding.

A significant volume of tailings (water and mud like waste resulting from the iron ore beneficiation process) was released.

Tragically, 19 people died five community members and 14 people who were working on the dam when it failed.

The communities of Bento Rodrigues, Gesteira and Paracatu were flooded.

A number of other communities further downstream in the states of Minas Gerais and Esp rito Santo were also affected by the tailings, as was the environment of the Rio Doce basin.

Our response and support for Funda o Renova More than three years into the recovery process, we remain committed to doing the right thing for the people and the environment in the Rio Doce region in a challenging and complex operating context.

The Framework Agreement entered into between Samarco, Vale and BHP Billiton Brasil and the relevant Brazilian authorities in March 2016 established Funda o Renova, a not for profit, private foundation that has developed and is implementing 42 remediation and compensatory programs to restore the environment and re establish affected communities.

As well as remediating the impacts of the dam failure, Funda o Renova is implementing a range of compensatory actions aimed at leaving a lasting, positive legacy for the people and environment of the Rio Doce.

BHP is focused on supporting Funda o Renova’s operations through representation on the Board of Governors and Board Committees, making available secondees who work within Funda o Renova to provide their technical expertise on priority areas, and regular peer engagement on issues such as safety, risk management, human rights and compliance.

Funda o Renova Funda o Renova’s staff of approximately 530 people is supported by about 6,200 contractors.

The activities of Funda o Renova are overseen by an Interfederative Committee comprising representatives from the Brazilian Federal and State Governments, local municipalities, environmental agencies, impacted communities and the Public Defense Office, who monitor, guide and assess the progress of actions agreed in the Framework Agreement.

The Interfederative Committee is supported by the Technical Chambers, made up of specialists from the various government departments, which are established to assist the Interfederative Committee in the performance of its purpose of guiding, monitoring and supervising the execution of the socio economic and socio environmental programs managed by Funda o Renova.

There are 11 Technical Chambers in the following areas: communication, participation, dialogue and social control economy and innovation social organisation and emergency aid Indigenous peoples and traditional communities reconstruction and infrastructure recovery health, education, culture, leisure and information conservation and biodiversity tailings and environmental safety management forestry restoration and water production and water safety and quality.

In the near term, representatives of impacted communities are also expected to join the Board of Governors.

The Board of Governors appoints an Executive Board, including the CEO, which is responsible for the operational management of Funda o Renova.

Funda o Renova’s governance structure also comprises a Fiscal Council, Advisory Council, seven Board Committees, a Compliance Manager and an Ombudsman.

The Advisory Council includes representation from impacted communities and community development and education experts.

On 25 June 2018, Samarco, Vale and BHP Billiton Brasil signed a Governance Agreement with the other parties to the Framework Agreement, the Public Prosecutors Office and the Public Defense Office.

The Governance Agreement augments the participation of impacted people in the decision making process, through representation on both the Funda o Renova Board of Governors and the Interfederative Committee.

In addition, during FY2019, a network of 18 local commissions, made up of affected people, was established along the Rio Doce to represent the affected people in the governance process for full reparation of the damages.

Participants in the local commissions will be offered training by the technical advisers (non profit organisations that aim to defend the rights of affected people, providing access to information and providing technical guidance) to enable them to actively participate in the process by submitting proposals, recommendations and comments on the work of the Interfederative Committee, Technical Chambers and Funda o Renova.

Each commission should also be able to work with other local commissions to discuss and improve the results in each territory.

Due to the diversity, scale and complexity of the programs, Funda o Renova collaborates and engages broadly with affected communities, scientific and academic institutions, regulators and civil society.

Resettlement One of Funda o Renova’s priority social programs is the livelihood restoration program to relocate and rebuild the communities of Bento Rodrigues, Paracatu and Gesteira.

A key to the success of this program is the participation of affected community members, their technical advisers, State Prosecutors, municipal leaders, regulators and other interested parties.

In Paracatu, by June 2019, all licences and authorisations to commence construction were granted and works to prepare the construction site were under way (117 houses).

In December 2018, land was purchased for the resettlement of 37 families of Gesteira following a protracted negotiation with the landowner.

The urban plan design is being designed with the community.

The process involves the identification and acquisition of land, design and planning for the urban plan, including all infrastructure services (roads, power, water, drainage, sewerage) and public buildings (schools, health centres, squares, sports grounds and religious buildings), and construction of new houses for the affected people.

The resettlement project provides local employment for community members where possible and support to help affected people restore their livelihoods.

In Bento Rodrigues, preparation for construction of the public school has commenced and infrastructure works are progressing.

Unfortunately, work is behind schedule due to delays in project engineering and in the permitting process.

Funda o Renova has signed an agreement to provide additional resources required by the municipality to analyse the individual house projects for permitting approval.

Of the 257 houses, as of June 2019, 112 families had concluded the conceptual design of their houses and around 76 house projects have permits submitted to start construction.

In June 2019, Renova signed Letters of Intent with two major Brazilian construction companies to undertake construction of the houses and infrastructure.

In addition to these three community resettlements, 14 families from the rural area chose to rebuild their houses on their previous property, and of these, six houses have been rebuilt and delivered to the families.

Eighty three families have chosen not to live in one of the three villages or in their previous houses.

Twenty two properties have been purchased for these families (as of June 2019).

Financial assistance and compensation Funda o Renova had paid R 1.7 billion in indemnification and financial aid up to June 2019.

Funda o Renova has distributed about 13,160 financial assistance cards to those whose livelihoods were impacted by the dam failure, including registered and informal commercial fisherfolk who are unable to fish due to the imposition of fishing bans in the Rio Doce and along the coast of Esp rito Santo.

The payments are designed to provide those affected with the capacity to support themselves and their families pending the re establishment of conditions that enable them to resume their economic activities.

Funda o Renova is also undertaking Brazil’s largest mediated compensation program to fairly compensate all individuals impacted by the dam failure.

The Water Damages component compensated people for an interruption to public water supplies for seven to 10 days following the dam failure.

Over 268,000 people participated in the program, and were paid a total of approximately R 267 million.

Between judicial and extrajudicial processes, about 300,000 settlements have been reached in small claims filed by impacted people in Minas Gerais and Esp rito Santo requesting the payment of moral damages related to the shortage of public water supply.

The General Damages component covers all other impacts, including loss of life, injury, property, business impacts, loss of income and moral damages.

The program was designed based on inputs from public agencies, technical entities and impacted families and has been validated by the Interfederative Committee.

Compensation represents 36 per cent of Funda o Renova’s budget, which is approximately R 1 billion for CY2019.

Of the 19 fatalities, 16 families have been fully indemnified and one partially.

The remaining two families are still in legal negotiations.

There are two work fronts of Funda o Renova in the area of health: (i) conducting epidemiological and toxicological studies to investigate the health risk of tailings and heavy metals from the Doce River and to monitor the impact of dust on people’s lives and (ii) supporting the public management of municipalities by strengthening existing municipal structures, both in clinical care and social protection.

In March 2019, more than 60 professionals, including doctors, nurses, social workers and psychologists hired by Funda o Renova worked in Mariana and Barra Longa (Minas Gerais).

Fundac o Renova seeks to promote the local economy to stimulate the resumption of the economic activity of the impacted region.

To promote small business development and economic diversification, Funda o Renova launched, amongst others, a fund of R 40 million, to finance micro and medium companies with loans ranging from R 10,000 to R 200,000.

Funda o Renova prioritises the local workforce in repair actions and in March 2019, reported that 57 per cent of people directly engaged or engaged via suppliers were from affected municipalities.

Funda o Renova’s goal is for this percentage to stabilise at or exceed 70 per cent.

Actions to protect and restore the quality of life of Indigenous peoples and traditional communities aim to repair and compensate for the social, cultural, environmental and economic impacts on four communities and a total of 1,600 families.

Impact studies are being developed to be the foundation of an integrated development action plan to recover the livelihoods of each of these communities.

Environmental remediation Funda o Renova had successfully concluded works to stabilise the impacted land areas by June 2019.

The riverbanks and floodplains have been vegetated, river margins have been stabilised and, in general, water and sediment qualities have returned to historic conditions.

Regarding long term remediation, work is continuing with landowners and regulators to define the land use objectives, further interventions that may be required, and the indicators and monitoring programs that will be used to demonstrate success of the program.

One of the main concerns held by stakeholders regarding the tailings related to the potential contamination of water, sediment, soil and biota.

Funda o Renova commissioned human health and ecological risk assessment studies to answer these questions.

Although the tailings have low concentrations of trace metals, the background concentrations of some elements are elevated in the area due to previous human activity or natural conditions.

It is therefore important that studies are well designed and results clearly show the source of any potential health risks.

BHP has been working with Funda o Renova to make sure robust data is collected, the correct methodologies are applied and clear causes for any health impacts are identified so that health authorities have accurate information to support their decision making.

Water quality, aquatic habitat and fish surveys are continuing in the rivers and coastal zone to understand the impact of the tailings flow and the rate of recovery of the ecological systems.

Results from these studies indicate that, while sediment in the river channels along the spill flow path upstream of the Candonga reservoir continues to limit the re establishment of habitats and aquatic fauna diversity and abundance, the natural sediment transport processes will ultimately restore suitable habitat.

Methods to enhance the rate of habitat recovery in the upstream section of the river closest to the dam failure are under implementation.

Research institutions have been progressing with studies along the river and coast required by regulators and prosecutors, with preliminary results scheduled for late 2019.

Our sustainability approach continued per adult and 50 grams per child.

Given the significant impacts of the fishing bans on the livelihoods of commercial and subsistence fisherfolk and the social cohesion within their communities, BHP Billiton Brasil has continued providing technical support to Funda o Renova to accelerate the collection of data to address the concerns of regulators and the community.

This includes analysis of the safety of fish for human consumption and the status of fish populations to support lifting of the fishing bans currently in place.

Legal proceedings BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and BHP Billiton Brasil are involved in legal proceedings relating to the Samarco dam failure.

For more information on the significant legal proceedings in which BHP is currently involved, refer to section 6.6 of our Annual Report 2019.

Restart While restart remains a focus and is expected to provide a positive effect on livelihoods in impacted communities, restart will only occur if it is safe, economically viable and has the support of the community.

Progress on our commitments Following the investigation into the causes of the dam failure, Samarco and its shareholders identified a number of specific actions to help prevent a similar event from occurring.

The actions were in addition to the overall improvements we identified to further improve the management of our tailings dams (as discussed in the Tailings dams section).

Monitoring: A centralised monitoring system and control room with emergency warning and response protocols has been established for the Samarco tailings dams.

Specifically trained personnel staff the control room 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Dam decommissioning plan: Due to legislative changes in Brazil, Samarco is currently progressing plans for the accelerated decommissioning of its upstream tailings dams (the Germano dam complex).

Plans for the decommissioning are at an early stage and work is in progress on finalising the conceptual design.

Emergency drills: Emergency drills are conducted once a year, bringing together the communities, employees and civil defence to validate the efficiency of the Emergency Response Plan, so that all parties that may potentially be affected are aware and prepared to respond in case of an emergency.

Works at the Alegria Sul pit in Samarco’s Germano complex.

Tailings dams are dynamic structures and maintaining their integrity requires consideration of a range of factors, including appropriate engineering design, quality construction, ongoing operating discipline and effective governance processes.

Nothing is more important than the safety of our people and communities.

Immediately following the tragic failure of the Fund o dam at Samarco in 2015, the BHP Board and senior management initiated a dam risk review to assess the management of significant(1) tailings storage facilities,(2) both active and inactive.

This review was in addition to existing review processes already being undertaken by our operated assets.

The review, conducted by a combination of external tailings experts and BHP personnel, assessed dam design, construction, operations, emergency response and governance to determine the current level of risk and the adequacy and effectiveness of controls.

Improvement actions were assigned to address facility specific findings.

Our Internal Audit and Advisory team subsequently followed up to assess quality and completeness.

These actions resulted in enhancements such as buttressing of dam walls and installation of additional instrumentation to monitor dam integrity.

Following such findings, we have subsequently undertaken and will continue to undertake dam safety reviews, which provide external assurance statements on dam integrity.

Improvement actions were also identified at the Group level to address common findings and lessons learned across the Group so that our approach to dam risk management could be further improved.

As part of this, a central technical team was set up to enhance oversight and assurance.

We also increased our investment in research and development to reduce and eliminate tailings storage risks, including research into static liquefaction failure mechanisms and evaluating dewatering of tailings.

Elliot Lake closed site tailings storage facility, Canada. actively assisting the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Tailings Working Group to contribute to improvements in tailings storage management across the broader mining industry.

Prior to the tragic collapse of the Brumadinho dam at Vale’s iron ore operation in Brazil in January 2019, we already had a significant focus on looking at how we could deliver a step change reduction in tailings risk.

Together with our peers across the resource sector, Brumadinho further strengthened our resolve to collaborate to reduce tailings risk by sharing and implementing best practice.

As well as implementing a comprehensive tailings governance plan, we established an internal Tailings Taskforce team reporting to the Executive Leadership Team and the Board’s Sustainability Committee.

The Taskforce is accountable for the continued improvement and assurance of our operated tailings storage facilities, progressing the development of technology to improve tailings management storage, and engaging in the setting of new international tailings management standards.

BHP continues to review our approach to tailings management as information on the causes of the Brumadinho dam failure come to light, and will continue to consider any industry guidance, standards and regulation as they emerge.

We welcome a common, international and independent body to oversee integrity of construction and operation of all tailings storage facilities across the industry.

In addition, we support calls for greater transparency in tailings management and plan to work with community, regulatory and financial stakeholders to promote the application of consistent disclosure that informs better tailings dam stewardship.

Supporting this approach to dam risk management at our operated assets are Group wide processes of technical support and oversight.

Committee on Large Dams for both active and inactive facilities.

Maintenance of dam integrity Central to our approach is the recognition that maintaining dam integrity is a process of continuous assessment that needs to be maintained for the life (including into closure and post closure) of a tailings facility.

Construction quality assurance and quality control across all construction phases (from initial construction to dam lifts expansions during operation to closure and post closure) 3.

Change management identifying, assessing and mitigating the impacts of any changes on dam design and integrity 5.

Monitoring, surveillance and review ensuring the dam is functioning as intended.

Governance of dam facilities We believe that effective governance encompasses a range of aspects from the management of change in our business to appropriately employing and enabling qualified personnel with clear accountabilities.

Dam Owner the single point of accountability for maintaining effective governance and integrity of the tailings storage facility throughout its life cycle.

Responsible Dam Engineer a suitably qualified BHP individual accountable for maintaining overall engineering stewardship of the facility, including planning, operation, surveillance and maintenance.

Engineer of Record an independent, suitably qualified professional engineer retained by the Dam Owner for the purpose of maintaining dam design, certifying dam integrity and supporting the Dam Owner and the Responsible Dam Engineer on any other matters of a technical nature.

Monitoring, surveillance and review Given tailings dams are dynamic structures, we believe effective monitoring, surveillance and review is central to ongoing dam integrity and governance.

We believe these processes span six dimensions, with the level of utilisation of each dimension being dependent on the specific needs of the relevant facility.

Monitoring systems operating in real time or periodically 2.

Tailings review or Stewardship Boards(1) a panel of qualified independent individuals established, whose capability is commensurate with dam significance, under specific terms of reference to review aspects such as the current status of the dam any proposed design changes and outcomes of any inspections or dam safety reviews.

The review board is approved by and accountable to the asset General Manager.

The type and frequency of monitoring, surveillance and review is informed by the consequence classification, complexity and operational status of the dam.

Dams that are likely to have a greater level of consequence, as a result of failure, that have greater technical complexity and that are actively operating will have monitoring, surveillance and reviews with greater rigour and frequency.

Dam safety reviews Dam safety reviews are central to our approach to dam integrity and continuous improvement.

We engage an external engineer to undertake dam safety reviews consistent with the guidance provided by the CDA in their 2016 Technical Bulletin on Dam Safety Reviews.

As per this guidance, review frequency is informed by the dam classification under the CDA.

Dam safety reviews are detailed processes that include a thorough review of dam integrity, dam governance and include a review of the dam break assessment and dam consequence classification.

Reviews are led by an external qualified professional engineer (selected for their appropriate level of education, training and experience), with support and input from other technical specialists from fields that may include, for example, hydrology, geochemistry, seismicity, geotechnical and mechanical.

At the conclusion of the review, the qualified professional engineer provides a signed assurance statement, which includes a comment as to the integrity of the facility.

Emergency preparedness and response We believe the final key element in our approach to dam risk management is emergency preparedness and response.

Desktop and field drills are scheduled at a frequency commensurate with the level of risk of the facility.

Not all facilities will have tailings reviews or Stewardship Boards.

Tailings reviews or Stewardship Boards are either in place or in the process of being established for our operated assets with very high and extreme classified tailings facilities.

BHP’s operated and non operated tailings portfolio The following classifications align to the CDA classification system.

It is important to note that the classification is based on the modelled, hypothetical most significant failure mode and consequences possible without controls, and not on the current physical stability of the dam.

It is also important to note that it is possible for dam classifications to change over time, for example, following changes to the operating context of a dam.

As such, this data represents the status of the portfolio as at May 2019.

The dam classification informs the design, surveillance and review components of risk management and, therefore, dams that will likely have a greater level of consequence as a result of failure will have more rigorous requirements than dams that will have a lesser level of consequence.

In total, we have 67 tailings facilities(1) at our operated assets, 29 of which are of upstream design.

Of the 67 operated facilities, we have five classified as extreme and a further 16 classified as very high.

The substantial inactive portfolio (54) at our operated assets is due largely to the number of historic tailings facilities associated with our North American legacy assets portfolio.

There are nine tailings facilities at our non operated joint ventures.

All non operated facilities are located in the Americas.

There are two active tailings facilities: Antamina in Peru, which is of downstream centreline construction and Cantor TSF at Cerrej n in Colombia, which is of downstream construction.

These include: two upstream facilities at Samarco (Germano) in Brazil that are being decommissioned following the February 2019 rulings by the Brazilian Government on upstream dams in Brazil three upstream inactive facilities and one inactive modified centreline facility at Resolution Copper in the United States and one downstream inactive facility at Bullmoose in Canada.

The highest classification facilities, rated as extreme, are the downstream facility at Antamina and the upstream Germano facilities at Samarco.

More information on dams and tailings is available online at bhp.com.

It is important to note that the classification is based on the modelled, hypothetical most significant failure mode and consequences possible without controls, and not on the current physical stability of the dam.

Hamburgo and Island Copper tailings facilities are not considered dams and are, therefore, not subject to classification: Hamburgo TSF at Escondida is an inactive facility where tailings were deposited into a natural depression and Island Copper TSF in Canada, acquired in the 1980s, is also an inactive facility.

Tailings at Island Copper were deposited in the ocean under an approved licence and environmental impact assessment.

We have since committed to not dispose of mine waste rock or tailings in river or marine environments.

Our highest priority is the health and safety of those impacted by our operations, including our employees and contractors, and the communities in which we operate.

Protecting the health and wellbeing of our workforce is vital to our business.

Safety Our highest priority is the safety of our operations, including our employees and contractors and the communities in which we operate.

Tragically, one of our colleagues died at work on 31 December 2018.

Allan Houston suffered fatal injuries while he was operating a dozer at BHP Mitsubishi Alliance’s Saraji Mine.

After a thorough investigation, we could not determine the direct cause of the incident.

However, we identified several areas for improvement and are actively sharing the learnings from the investigation throughout our operations, with contract partners and the broader resources industry.

On 5 November 2018, Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) experienced a train rollaway event.

There were no injuries as our team at Train Control intentionally derailed the train at a time when it was considered the safest to do so.

Post the incident and before rail operations recommenced, we implemented additional procedures to help prevent a similar event from re occurring.

In FY2019, we established new requirements for engaging and managing contractors.

The contractor safety requirements were rolled out across BHP and assurance programs have been established to monitor and verify the implementation of the requirements.

To strengthen our safety leadership and culture, we are educating our people about chronic unease, that is, being mindful of the possibility of what could go wrong, and creating a culture where it is safe to speak up and report hazards and incidents.

One of the objectives of our global Field Leadership Program is to strengthen the reporting culture.

We monitor reporting culture across all our operations and coach and support our leaders to improve the quality of our field leadership activities with our employees and contractors.

We also introduced a new event management system for recording health, safety, environmental and community events.

The system is designed to capture, analyse and track events in real time and will be implemented in FY2020.

We continue to play a key role in supporting the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) in its development and delivery of the Innovation for Cleaner, Safer Vehicles initiative that promotes cleaner and safer mining vehicles.

Our CEO Andrew Mackenzie is the Chair of the ICMM Advisory Council for this initiative.

During FY2019, we continued to improve investigation processes, leadership and culture to effectively embed the lessons from safety incidents across our business.

We prioritise near misses and injuries with fatality potential for in depth investigation and appoint those with investigation expertise to facilitate and lead these investigations.

Senior leaders are actively involved in leading high potential incident investigations, providing them with an opportunity to learn through practice, which we believe will positively impact their ability to share lessons and influence learning across their existing leadership networks and routines.

Organisational, cultural and leadership factors are examined to understand whether they have contributed to an incident.

A repository of investigation findings from across the Group is available to our people, with investigation findings presented in a standard format that can be filtered and searched.

In FY2019, we improved the quality of investigations and established a network of investigation facilitators across the Group.

We will also investigate positive safety performance and apply those lessons where applicable across the Group.

Our safety performance Total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) performance increased by 7 per cent to 4.7 per million hours worked, compared to 4.4 in FY2018.

This was due to an increase in injuries in both Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas.

High potential injuries declined by 7 per cent from FY2018 due to reductions at WAIO, Olympic Dam and Potash the frequency rate declined by 18 per cent.

High potential injury trends remain a primary focus to assess progress against our most important safety objective: to eliminate fatalities.

FY2015 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.

FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.

FY2014 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.

FY2019 data includes data for Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 28 February 2019 and Continuing operations.

FY2016 to FY2018 HPI data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).

In FY2019, we focused on improving critical control design and performance (controls that alone or in conjunction with other controls significantly reduce the likelihood and or impact of material risks) and continued to remove people from sources of danger through standardised work and new technologies.

We increased the quality of our global safety incident investigations, with the focus on better organisational learning.

The Field Leadership Program remains one of our core leadership activities as we build the quality of engagements in the field.

Hazard identification and reporting continued to be a priority given a healthy reporting culture provides us with the signals to urgently and swiftly respond.

This will be supported by a new incident management system and process that will be implemented in FY2020.

Field Leadership Program Leaders spending time in the field is vital to maintaining safe operations.

Through our Field Leadership Program, leaders from all levels of BHP spend time in the field engaging with employees and contractors about safety.

They are also responsible for verifying fatality risk controls that are behavioural in nature and ensuring that elements of our Health, Safety and Environment management system are working as intended.

Through this engagement we identify positive behaviours, at risk behaviours and opportunities for system improvements.

The Field Leadership Program was deployed with a Group wide common approach in FY2019.

This included common training and a system to support the recording of field leadership activities.

Over the past two years, more than two million field leadership activities with our employees and contractors have been completed, which continues to highlight how well this program has been embedded into our daily leadership routines.

We monitor field leadership participation and coaching in all operations, which has supported continual improvement and embedment of the program.

We introduced the following lead indicators for field leadership to track the quality and further enhance the program.

Contractor safety The last seven fatalities at our operations involved contractors or subcontractors.

This brought into sharp focus the issue of contractor safety, given our 40,000 contractors comprise around two thirds of our workforce, and precipitated significant changes to the way we engage and manage contractors.

Global contractor safety requirements now form an integral part of the Our Requirements for Safety standard and are based on lessons from previous fatalities at BHP.

The standard guides leaders on how they can effectively help to keep contractors and subcontractors safe while at work.

In addition, assurance activities from frontline leaders and Internal Audit and Advisory team audits have been implemented to monitor, verify and improve contractor safety.

High occupancy vehicles We transport employees and contractors in high occupancy vehicles every day, which presents a high potential material risk exposure for the Group.

We also continue to actively work with the National Road Safety Program Partnership, which is part of the Australia Road Research Board.

A working group with participants from organisations across a number of business sectors has been established to develop and implement strategies to better manage and monitor high occupancy vehicles.

Security, Crisis and Emergency Management, and Business Continuity Plans We updated the Our Requirements for Security, Crisis and Emergency Management, and Business Continuity Plans standard in FY2019.

New requirements were introduced for security management, including the designation of a single point of accountability for security management and the use of approved security specialists.

The requirements also provide guidance on when to undertake security risk assessments and when to prepare security management plans.

In addition, the standard includes guidance on how to set up response teams and provide crisis and emergency management training.

Health Our goal is to protect the health and wellbeing of our workforce from potential occupational injury, now and into the future, through the setting of clear requirements for our operations.

We set minimum mandatory controls to identify and manage health risks for our employees and contractors.

Our workplace health risks include occupational exposures to noise, silica, diesel particulate matter (DPM), coal mine dust, musculoskeletal stressors and mental health impacts.

The effectiveness of our health controls is regularly reviewed and subjected to periodic audit to verify the controls are implemented and operating as designed.

We continue to monitor emerging health issues and trends through our membership of industry and professional associations, informal benchmarking, networking and participation in national and international conferences.

We also monitor information from scientific journals, occupational health regulatory setting and advisory agencies.

Fatigue management supports the wellbeing of our people, including their mental and physical health.

We have reviewed our fatigue management strategy to identify areas that require further focus.

In FY2020, we will evaluate factors that contribute to the risk of fatigue during shift work to identify opportunities to further control potential causes of fatigue.

Shift work that involves circadian disruption is under review by the International Agency for Research on Cancer and outcomes from the evaluation will be used to inform potential updates to our health requirements.

We set internally specified occupational exposure limits (OELs) to manage exposures to DPM, silica, coal mine dust and other potentially harmful agents.

For our most material exposures, our process to set those OELs involves periodic monitoring and evaluation of scientific literature, benchmarking against peers as well as engagement with regulators, OEL setting agencies and expert independent advice.

Our approach to monitor and review our internal OELs is designed to ensure they continue to be aligned with, or are more conservative than, applicable regulated health limits.

Our periodic medical surveillance programs help us support early identification of potential occupational exposure illness and enable us to assist our people through illness management and recovery.

In FY2019, we established key performance indicators that require a 90 per cent adherence to schedule for health surveillance activities, achieving 79 to 100 per cent across the Group.

We also reviewed our medical testing programs through internal and external benchmarking with industry peers and standards.

Improvement opportunities identified from the review are expected to be evaluated and the implementation of endorsed recommendations are expected to commence in FY2020, along with plans to further increase adherence to planned surveillance activities.

In line with Our Charter and our culture of care, we support the proactive management of mental wellbeing through the provision and promotion of the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), a mental health toolkit called Thrive, education and awareness campaigns, including stigma reduction and the BHP Resilience Program.

FY2015 to FY2018 data includes Continuing and Discontinued operations.

FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018 and Continuing operations.

The incidence of employee occupational illness in FY2019 was 4.38 per million hours worked, an increase of 5 per cent compared with FY2018.

The reported incidence of contractor occupational illness was 1.62 per million hours worked, a decrease of 16 per cent compared with FY2018.

The overall decrease in contractor illnesses was predominantly driven by the 23 per cent increase in hours worked in FY2019.

We do not have full oversight of the incidence of contractor noise induced hearing loss (NIHL) cases in many parts of BHP due to regulatory regimes and limited access to data.

We continue to work with our contractors and regulatory agencies to resolve these issues.

The majority of our reported occupational illnesses are musculoskeletal illness.

The improved identification and more effective control of causes of musculoskeletal stressors will be supported by the progressive implementation of the Standardised Work program.

Standardised Work is a key foundational tool of the BHP Operating System that seeks to empower individuals to design work in a way that supports efficiency and ergonomics, where health and other risks are identified, and enables additional controls to be identified and incorporated.

Our continued focus on implementing our requirements for fit testing for hearing protection devices has supported a 6.7 per cent reduction in NIHL illness rate.

We have seen an increase in the number of other illnesses reported, which include short term, low impact conditions such as blisters, skin conditions (dermatitis eczema), bites and stings, due to a small increase in cases across most Minerals Australia operations.

The dermatitis eczema cases arose from different work locations across Olympic Dam and could be attributed to the continued education campaign on the prevention and management of skin conditions, which encourages early reporting of signs and symptoms.

To a lesser extent, the increase was also driven by increases in mental stress conditions and heat stress cases at Olympic Dam in South Australia.

These conditions are currently captured as other illnesses’ but, with our strong focus on mental health, we plan to establish a stand alone category for mental stress conditions’ in FY2020.

Across the Group, mental stress conditions continue to be reported in low numbers and the number of cases were not significantly different to FY2018.

Through the BHP Mental Health Framework, we continue to seek to foster a work environment where our people feel comfortable to raise their experience of mental stress and to access appropriate support when needed.

Occupational exposures For our most material exposures to DPM, silica and coal mine dust, we have committed to a five year target to achieve a 50 per cent reduction in the number of workers potentially exposed(1) as compared to our baseline exposure profile (as at 30 June 2017(2)) by 30 June 2022.

In Petroleum, the divestment of our Onshore US assets during FY2019 changed the exposure profile for the region as workplace exposures to silica and DPM are no longer present.

Our baseline exposure profile for the Group for the five year target was therefore adjusted to remove the baseline exposures attributed to the Onshore US assets.

In FY2019, planned exposure reduction projects were implemented across the Group, involving a collaborative effort from operational and maintenance teams, supported by the Health, Safety and Environment, Supply and Technology teams.

Many assets exceeded planned exposure reductions, resulting in an overall reduction of 49(3) per cent compared to the revised FY2017 baseline.

Planned growth projects across the Group may result in an increase in some potential exposures over the short term however, commitments to achieve planned exposure reductions over the five year target period remain unchanged.

In Minerals Americas, silica exposure reduction projects were successfully implemented at our Escondida and Pampa Norte assets in Chile.

This included the installation of dust collection units within ore concentrator plants at Escondida and the installation of a central vacuum system to reduce dust exposure during plant maintenance activities at Pampa Norte’s Spence mine.

Design changes to the conveyor belt transfer and discharge areas were also introduced at Spence to further reduce dust release and potential exposures.

Across Minerals Australia, all assets contributed to the reduction in silica exposures.

Projects focused on reducing silica exposure will continue in FY2020 in Minerals Australia and Minerals Americas.

In FY2019, pilot studies commenced at Escondida (Chile) and BMA’s Broadmeadow mine (Queensland) to install and test real time monitoring equipment for silica in Escondida and DPM and coal mine dust in Broadmeadow as a method to support targeted exposure assessment and verify exposure controls.

The pilots will continue in FY2020 and findings will inform subsequent application of the technology into other operations.

An overall reduction in DPM exposures in Minerals Australia was achieved due to the implementation of control plans at Olympic Dam (South Australia) and Nickel West (Western Australia).

Olympic Dam continued to replace or retrofit equipment with diesel particulate filters, which enabled a reduction in exposure for mine production workers.

Nickel West continued to replace end of life fleet with Tier 4 engine equipment, changed equipment maintenance schedules based on diesel particulate emissions and introduced improvements to the management of secondary ventilation.

BMA’s Broadmeadow mine continued to implement DPM exposure reduction controls, including engine upgrades to underground loaders.

Both Olympic Dam and Broadmeadow continue to participate in a light electric vehicle pilot as a potential opportunity to further reduce DPM exposures and other emissions.

Read more in our case study Light electric vehicles in underground pilot at bhp.com community case studies.

Through the continued implementation of exposure control plans for coal mine dust, there were no workers exposed over the OEL at the end of FY2019.

In addition to these exposure reduction projects, BHP continues to play a key role in supporting the ICMM in its development and delivery of the Innovation for Cleaner, Safer Vehicles initiative that promotes technological innovation to reduce emissions of DPM and greenhouse gases and reduce vehicle interactions (and the associated safety risk).

Our CEO Andrew Mackenzie is the Chair of the ICMM Advisory Council for this initiative, with a number of BHP employees leading or participating in key working groups.

The strong alignment and common ambition between ICMM member companies and Original Equipment Manufacturers represents an important change in partnership and collaboration, which will help accelerate delivery of the technology required for a safer and cleaner world.

Coal mine dust lung diseases In our Sustainability Report for FY2017, we reported on the re identification of coal workers’ pneumoconiosis (CWP) in our industry, the number of our current employees and former workers who had been diagnosed with CWP and the steps we had taken in response.

As at 30 June 2019, 10 cases of coal mine dust lung diseases (CMDLD(4)) among our current employees were reported to the Queensland Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy.

We continue to provide counselling, medical support and redeployment options (where relevant) for all 10 colleagues (seven of the 10 have been able to continue working).

During FY2019, one former BHP employee had a worker’s compensation claim accepted for CMDLD, resulting in a total, as at 30 June 2019, of six former workers diagnosed with CMDLD since January 2016 (noting that no Australian coal mine worker had been diagnosed with CMDLD in the preceding two decades).

In addition to these confirmed cases, as at 30 June 2019, there were six intimated worker’s compensation claims for CMDLD from current and former employees that had not yet been determined.

Our Charter values guide our response and the support we offer, and we are actively reviewing how we can improve timeframes and processes for determination of claims.

To strengthen the regulatory framework and health surveillance system, we will continue to provide input and share improvements in technical knowledge and controls with the Queensland Government and the coal mining industry more broadly through industry associations and working groups.

We believe that our stricter OELs combined with the statutory health surveillance scheme will prevent serious disabling and fatal cases of CMDLD arising in our workforce from existing conditions.

We achieved this through the combination of further reductions in coal mine dust and silica potential exposures across our operations (driven by our current five year exposure reduction targets and reductions in OELs, as described earlier) and the statutory health surveillance schemes in Queensland and New South Wales.

Mental health BHP has prioritised the mental health of our people since 2015.

We have subsequently made good progress with the implementation of our Group wide Mental Health Framework.

We have focused on reducing the stigma associated with mental illness and raising awareness of mental health conditions, as well as building capacity and confidence to recognise and support individuals experiencing mental health issues.

In FY2019, we continued to embed programs and resources that support a healthy, thriving workforce.

This included the peer led Resilience Program in which 3,392 people had participated, as at the end of FY2019.

We held a workshop with our Human Resources function and external representatives from Beyondblue, Keil Centre, and BSS (one of our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) providers) and benchmarked companies to discuss strategies to embed existing resources and inform our five year mental health and wellbeing strategy.

The workshop reinforced the need to continue to promote existing resources.

This led to the development of the Resilience Program meeting series and program refresher session materials, which can be built into existing team routines.

We launched the inaugural BHP Mental Health Week to raise awareness of BHP’s mental health resources and tools, and encourage conversations about mental health.

By leveraging the existing communication platforms across our operations and offices, we sparked conversations about how to check in with colleagues, highlighted strategies to manage stress, pressure and working away from home, and raised awareness about the EAP support options.

Proactive use of our EAP continues to be promoted across all our operating regions and functions.

Online and face to face EAP sessions were offered across our sites to increase awareness of the counselling services and manager assistance program, as well as information sessions on how to support longer term wellbeing.

Our people supported World Mental Health Day and R U OK Day and we again embarked on a global Movember campaign to raise awareness and funds (A 396,954 as of 30 June 2019) for key men’s health issues, including mental health and suicide prevention.

BHP was the highest fundraising organisation within the mining challenge that supported the CY2018 campaign, contributing to the Movember Foundation’s programs and research into men’s health.

We conducted a global mental health risk assessment with internal and external stakeholders to identify critical parts of our Mental Health Framework that promote a supportive work environment.

The Western Australian Government released the Code of Practice on mentally healthy workplaces for fly in, fly out workers in the resources and construction sectors.

The outcomes from the risk assessment and our review of the Code of Practice will help to inform and strengthen our long term mental health strategy.

FY2019 was the third year that the wellbeing category was included in our annual Engagement and Perception Survey.

There was no change overall at the Group level, but we continue to evaluate the differences at the asset and function levels from the previous year’s results to inform local plans.

We will continue to better integrate all BHP priorities that contribute to mental health, such as diversity and inclusion, flexible work options and the strengthening of leadership awareness and skills.

For more on how we are addressing fatigue when working at altitude, read our case study New program tackles fatigue at Escondida at bhp.com community case studies.

We focus on minimising and mitigating our impact on water, land, air quality and biodiversity, and working with stakeholders on effective solutions to complex environmental challenges.

We acknowledge that the nature of our operations can have significant environmental impacts.

There is growing pressure on and competition for environmental resources, such as land, biodiversity, water and air.

Climate change amplifies the sensitivities of our natural systems.

Our operations and growth strategy depend on obtaining and maintaining the right to access these environmental resources.

The long term health of our business depends on a sustainable natural environment.

BHP’s approach to environmental stewardship is twofold we aim to minimise the environmental impacts from our activities and work in partnership with others to contribute to a resilient environment.

Minimising environmental impacts In line with Our Charter, we seek to minimise impacts throughout every stage of our operations.

BHP has comprehensive governance, risk management, policies and processes that set the basis for how we manage risk and realise opportunities to achieve our environmental objectives.

Protecting threatened environments We are committed to avoiding areas where the risk of impacts on threatened environments from resource extraction would be too great.

We do not explore or extract resources within the boundaries of World Heritage listed properties.

We do not explore or extract resources adjacent to World Heritage listed properties, unless the proposed activity is compatible with the World Heritage outstanding universal values.

We do not explore or extract resources within or adjacent to the boundaries of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Protected Areas Categories I to IV, unless a plan is implemented that meets regulatory requirements, takes into account stakeholder expectations and contributes to the values for which the Protected Area is listed.

We do not operate where there is a risk of direct impacts to ecosystems that could result in the extinction of an IUCN Red List Threatened Species in the wild.

We do not dispose of mined waste rock or tailings into a river or marine environment.

The mitigation hierarchy We aim to operate and invest to avoid adverse impacts on the environment and communities in which we operate.

We work with affected stakeholders to mitigate impacts and contribute to environmental resilience where impacts cannot be avoided.

Our assets are required to put in place controls and plans that reflect the mitigation hierarchy, an approach that helps us to minimise, and if necessary, compensate for potential environmental impacts.

Steps one and two of the hierarchy avoid and mitigate seek to prevent adverse impacts as far as possible.

Steps three and four rehabilitate and compensate seek to reduce the effect of those impacts that cannot be avoided.

Avoid negative impacts to the environment within our area of influence.

Rehabilitate disturbed areas that are no longer required for operational purposes, including closed mines.

Implement appropriate, effective and enduring compensatory measures for any residual impacts.

Read how we are applying the mitigation hierarchy to new projects with our case study Protecting ghost bats in the Pilbara.

Environmental management BHP’s environmental performance and management of environmental impacts on communities where we operate are critical to creating social value.

BHP’s approach to environmental management is set out in the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change and Our Requirements for Risk Management standards.

These standards have been designed taking account of the ISO management system requirements, such as ISO14001 for Environmental Management.

The Our Requirements standards include specific minimum performance standards in a number of areas.

In FY2019, we began updating the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard to reflect recent changes in BHP’s Risk Framework and other Our Requirements standards, new Technical Standards for water and our evolving climate change and water stewardship programs.

Our internal audit processes check compliance with the Our Requirements standards, which are designed to cover operating sites at our assets on a two year rotation.

Our environmental performance Outlined below is our progress in the past year against our five year and longer term environmental targets for water and biodiversity, as well as other key environmental stewardship activities.

We also progressed our global strategy on water stewardship and actions in each of the strategy pillars, set out below and in more detail in the Water section.

To achieve these targets, we identify and implement on ground improvement projects, investigate technologies to monitor and reduce potential environmental impacts, and collaborate with governments, communities and other industries to share information and promote collective action.

While no significant environmental events occurred at any BHP operated assets in FY2019, activities are ongoing to address the significant environmental impacts of the tailings dam failure at our non operated joint venture, Samarco, in November 2015.

Responsibly managing land and supporting biodiversity The nature of our operations means we have a significant responsibility for land and biodiversity management.

BHP owns or manages more than 10 million hectares of land and sea however, less than 2 per cent of it is disturbed for operations.

Our activities have inherent risks for land, marine and aquatic biodiversity in the areas we operate.

We are committed to reducing those risks and to contributing to a resilient environment beyond the immediate areas of our operations.

Our assets have plans and processes in place that reflect local biodiversity risks and regulatory requirements.

At a Group level, we have a five year target to improve marine and terrestrial biodiversity outcomes by developing a framework to evaluate and verify the benefits of our actions in collaboration with others.

This is being designed to allow us to better monitor, avoid, reduce and offset biodiversity impacts of our activities in a coordinated way.

We started work on the framework in FY2018 and completed initial phase pilot testing using data from three operating sites and a social investment project during FY2019.

We are progressing this work with Conservation International and Proteus, a voluntary partnership between the United Nations Environment World Conservation Monitoring Centre and 12 extractive industry companies.

We are continuing with initial phase pilots at two more sites to ensure the approach is robust across a range of geographies, marine and terrestrial environments, and operating sites and social investment projects.

In FY2020, we will progress the next phase of framework development with our conservation partners by combining operational level indicators into indicators at a region or Group level.

We will continue actions to minimise the biodiversity impacts associated with our activities and support effective, progressive rehabilitation and closure.

BHP looks for opportunities to improve the conservation, restoration and sustainable use of marine and terrestrial ecosystems in all regions in which we operate, through our own activities and in collaboration with others.

In FY2019, our Petroleum business continued to appraise Mexico’s deepwater offshore Trion block with its joint venture partner, Pemex and engaged with the Mexican Government to develop Mexico’s offshore petroleum environmental regulatory framework.

This involved use of environmental guidance from networks such as the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association and the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers.

Rehabilitation and closure As a global leader in the development of natural resources, we are committed to implementing a planned approach to closure and rehabilitation through the life cycle of our operations.

We do this by following our closure management process, taking into consideration our values, obligations, commitment to safety, cost risks benefits and the expectations of external stakeholders, and developing a closure management plan that delivers enduring environmental and social benefits.

Our current closure management process set out in the Our Requirements for Closure standard was implemented in FY2018.

It requires all assets to develop a closure management plan, including a financial assessment, to minimise any closure related risks over the life of the asset.

The focus is to aim to achieve an optimal closure outcome in consultation with local communities and other stakeholders.

In addition to environmental rehabilitation, closure outcomes may include recreational or other community uses.

In Western Australia’s Pilbara, a pilot study is looking at alternative uses for an inactive mine site.

Using an agribusiness market assessment, the study aims to identify multi land uses for the site that could form the basis of a sustainable commercial opportunity.

This will be co designed with key stakeholders to ensure outcomes are fit for purpose and aligned to strategic regional initiatives.

In our Petroleum business, we are assessing the extent to which seafloor infrastructure provides beneficial habitat for local fish species, which is important when considering offshore decommissioning options. case study : Ecological implications of decommissioning subsea infrastructure in northwest Australia at bhp.com community case studies.

More information on financial provisions related to our closure liabilities is available in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

We regularly reassess for improvement the way we rehabilitate areas that are no longer required for operational purposes.

In collaboration with key government stakeholders in Queensland, Minerals Australia developed completion criteria for five post mining land uses: grazing, cropping, native woodland habitat, water storage and diversions.

In November 2018, 1,176 hectares of rehabilitated subsidence with a post mining land use of mixed cropping and grazing at Gregory Crinum Mine (now sold to Sojitz) was certified as complete.

At the Norwich Park Mine in Queensland, a further 294 hectares of spoil dump was certified as complete for grazing in February 2019, bringing the total rehabilitated land area certified as complete to 1,470 hectares.

In total, in FY2019, rehabilitation and closure strategies for assets in Australia delivered just under 20,000 hectares rehabilitated land.

Technical experts at our Resource Engineering Centre of Excellence develop and assure technical standards, share best practice, provide technical training and access to the latest research, and support continual improvement in our business systems.

The Centre developed five standards across BHP in geotechnical, water and closure disciplines that each share common attributes.

For example, a global Acid and Metalliferous Drainage (AMD) Management Standard will enable improvement in how we manage mineral wastes through mine plans that include consideration of ground and surface water and has an overarching long term objective of preventing AMD by source control rather than treatment in perpetuity.

The Centre collaborates with international experts and participates on industry forums to share learnings and benchmark performance to ensure our assets and operations have access to best practice in resource engineering.

We actively participate in several industry bodies focused on closure aspects, including the International Council on Mining and Metals Closure Working Group, the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Community and Environment Committee, and the International Network on Acid Prevention.

Making progress on water stewardship Water stewardship is about safeguarding our shared water resources for future generations.

Our Water Stewardship Strategy was adopted in FY2017 to improve our management of water, increase transparency and help resolve shared water challenges.

In FY2018, we produced our first standalone Water Report and in FY2019, we developed our Water Stewardship Position Statement that outlines BHP’s commitment and advocacy focus on water stewardship.

Implementation of the Position Statement will commence in FY2020.

For information on our approach to water stewardship and water performance in FY2019, refer to the Water section.

Reducing air emissions Greenhouse gases (GHG) and dust are our most significant emissions to air across the BHP portfolio.

Our actions to reduce GHG emissions are described in more detail in the Climate change section.

We manage and monitor our air emissions, such as dust, to reduce the potential for air quality impacts on our workforce, surrounding communities and ecosystems.

In some locations, other activities, including adjacent mining or industrial operations, also contribute to emissions that affect the environment.

In the last year, we reviewed air quality management across our mine and port facilities and benchmarked air quality management practices across a number of industries and geographic regions.

The insights from the review informed an update of the WAIO Air Quality Strategy and the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard.

We shared the learnings to our other operating regions to support continuous improvement.

Together with operating practices, technology has an important role in minimising air emissions.

In our Petroleum operations, we are increasingly applying detection technologies, such as optical gas imaging and drones, to detect and address fugitive methane emissions.

We use real time air monitoring networks to provide live feedback to operations on the potential for off site dust impacts at a number of our mining and port operations in Australia and Chile.

This allows operations to make real time adjustments to production and dust mitigation activities in response to changes in weather, product properties, or combined impacts from adjacent operations.

In some instances, we share this data with community and regulatory authorities to make transparent our air emissions performance and effectiveness of mitigation actions.

Contributing to a resilient environment A report published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services in May 2019 found that nature is declining globally at rates unprecedented in human history.

It also warned that about one million animal and plant species are threatened with extinction, many within decades.

This is deeply concerning for the health of our ecosystems and their ability to support human wellbeing.

We also recognise that we have a broader role to play in contributing to environmental resilience.

We achieve this through our Social Investment Framework and work with strategic partners and communities to invest in voluntary projects that contribute to the management of areas of national or international conservation significance.

Since 2011, we have committed more than US 75 million to biodiversity conservation through our alliance with Conservation International and other partners.

We look for projects that can provide multiple benefits, improve water quality or quantity, nature based solutions to climate change, local livelihoods or cultural benefits, as well as improve biodiversity conservation.

Our investments with Conservation International in the seven year alliance, which started in 2011, included the Five Rivers Conservation Area in Tasmania, Australia Valdivian Coastal Reserve in Chile Alto Mayo in Peru and the Kasigau Corridor in Kenya.

Last year, we renewed our alliance, with the next phase of our partnership to focus on: financing natural solutions that address climate change and contribute to halting biodiversity loss and developing the framework to support BHP’s efforts in evaluating and verifying the benefits of our actions on biodiversity both operational and social investments.

With other partners, we progressed a number of environment focused social investment programs in the last year.

In the United States, our partnership with The Nature Conservancy in the Sustainable Rivers and Forests Initiative supports conservation and restoration in the Columbia Bottomlands region in Texas and five counties in Arkansas.

Supporting conservation projects in Texas and Arkansas at bhp.com community case studies.

Another significant US project is the Terrebone Biodiversity and Resilience Program with America’s WETLAND Foundation (refer to the Society section).

In FY2020, we will begin a number of new social investment projects that contribute to environmental resilience in terrestrial, marine and coastal ecosystems.

We prioritise those that contribute to combined benefits for water quality, biodiversity, habitat conservation and carbon sequestration.

We manage and minimise greenhouse gas emissions, build resilience of our portfolio to climate change risks, and work to build operational, community and ecosystem resilience to the physical impacts of climate change.

Our climate change strategy focuses on reducing our operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, investing in low emissions technologies, promoting product stewardship, managing climate related risk and opportunity, and working with others to enhance the global policy and market response.

BHP’s position on climate change is available online at bhp.com.

Climate change is a global challenge that requires collaboration.

Resources companies such as BHP, our customers and governments must play their part to meet this challenge.

Responding to climate change remains a priority governance and strategic issue for us.

Our Board is actively engaged in the governance of climate change issues, including our strategic approach, supported by the Sustainability Committee.

Management has primary responsibility for the design and implementation of our climate change strategy and our performance against our targets (outlined below) is reflected in senior executive and leadership remuneration.

From 2021, the link between our targets and management remuneration will be further strengthened to reinforce the strategic importance of action to reduce emissions.

Operational emissions As a major energy consumer, managing energy use, ensuring energy security and reducing GHG emissions at our operations are key components of our climate change strategy.

We set targets in order to hold ourselves accountable for these goals and regularly review them as our strategy and circumstances change.

Our five year GHG emissions reduction target, which took effect from 1 July 2017, is to maintain our total operational emissions in FY2022 at or below FY2017 levels(1) while we continue to grow our business.

Our target builds on our success in achieving our previous five year target.

We have also set the longer term goal of achieving net zero operational GHG emissions in the latter half of this century, consistent with the Paris Agreement.

In order to set the trajectory towards achieving that goal, in FY2020 we intend to develop a medium term target for operational emissions.

Operational emissions performance Our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (operational emissions) in FY2019 totalled 14.7 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2 e), 3 per cent below our FY2017 target baseline.(2) This decrease is primarily due to a change in the electricity emissions factor for Minerals Americas that resulted from the interconnection of Chile’s northern grid system, which is mainly fossil fuel based, and southern grid system, which has a higher proportion of renewable energy. of how BHP is reducing its operational emissions, read our case study Keeping greenhouse gas emissions reductions rolling at bhp.com community case studies.

We have disclosed operational emissions performance at the asset level for the first time in this year’s Report (refer to Performance data Climate Change in the Appendix).

Comparisons of data over the period FY2015 to FY2016 should be made with consideration of the divestment of South32 during FY2015 (FY2015 data excludes emissions from South32 operations between the date of the divestment and 30 June 2015).

Data over the period FY2017 to FY2019 is displayed with Onshore US emissions shown separately for comparability (12 months of emissions in FY2017 and FY2018, and four months of emissions in FY2019 prior to divestment of this asset).

The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure ongoing comparability of performance.

The baseline will continue to be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction carbon offsets will be used as required.

Investing in low emissions technologies Defining a pathway to net zero GHG emissions for our long life assets requires planning for the long term and a deep understanding of the development pathway for low emissions technologies (LETs).

First, we work to adapt mature technologies such as light electric vehicles, in order to integrate them safely and effectively into our operations.

Second, in the medium term, we create road maps for development and adoption of LETs that support our goal of net zero emissions, which may include trials and demonstrations of technology in our production environments.

Finally, we look for early stage LETs that hold high potential for future results.

For these emerging technologies, we seek opportunities for collaboration, research and other ways to accelerate their development and adoption.

The FY2017 baseline has been adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure ongoing comparability of performance.

Our LET strategy has been developed to address BHP’s key sources of operational GHG emissions.

Emissions from electricity use make up 43 per cent of our operational emissions.

To support the goal of moving toward zero emissions electricity, we are considering ways to accelerate the integration of renewable energy into our operations, such as through electricity contracts and, in some cases, through directly supplying our operations with greater proportions of lower carbon energy.

Emissions from fuel and distillate make up 42 per cent of our operational emissions, much of which is from diesel used in moving material (for example, haul trucks).

The first phase of moving to net zero diesel emissions is focused on adapting our fleet.

We are currently trialling the use of light electric vehicles at Olympic Dam, by converting a diesel vehicle to run on lithium ion batteries.

This has the added benefit of reducing diesel particulate matter, which has the potential to contribute to improved health and safety in our underground mining operation.

One of the high potential options for GHG reduction in the longer term is green hydrogen (hydrogen created using renewable energy).

Part of our LET strategy is focused on studying the potential role of zero emissions fuels like green hydrogen in our mining operations.

Fugitive methane emissions from our petroleum and coal assets make up 15 per cent of our operational emissions and are among the most technically and economically challenging to reduce.

We are investing in research, development and trial projects with partners, such as the CSIRO and the University of San Diego.

In our open cut coal operations, we are working to better measure our emissions as a first step toward effective abatement.

We are also collaborating with research institutions to investigate solutions for our underground operations, such as the viability of using methanotrophs (methane eating bacteria) to abate fugitive methane emissions.

Scope 3 emissions While reducing our operational emissions is vital, emissions from our value chain (Scope 3 emissions) are significantly higher than those from our own operations.

We work with our customers, suppliers and other value chain participants to seek to influence emissions reductions across the life cycle of our products.

As we work to develop an integrated product stewardship strategy in FY2020 we intend to look to identify additional opportunities to work with others in our value chain to influence emissions reductions.

We also intend to set public goals related to Scope 3 emissions.

Scope 3 emissions performance The most significant contributions to Scope 3 emissions in our value chain come from the downstream processing and use of our products, in particular emissions emanating from the steelmaking process (the processing and use of our iron ore and metallurgical coal).

In FY2019 emissions associated with the processing of our non fossil fuel commodities (iron ore to steel copper concentrate and cathode to copper wire) were 305 million tonnes of CO2 e. Emissions associated with the use of our fossil fuel commodities (metallurgical and energy coal, oil and gas) were 233 million tonnes of CO2 e.

Scope 3 emissions have been calculated using methodologies consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.

FY2019 data includes Discontinued operations (Onshore US) to 31 October 2019 and Continuing operations.

Processing of nickel, zinc, gold, silver, ethane and uranium oxide is not currently included, as production volumes are much lower than iron ore and copper, and a large range of possible end uses apply.Processing refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered immaterial compared to the end use product combustion reported in the Use of sold products’ category.

Scope 3 emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of the commodities we produce and consume.

A significant example of this is that Scope 3 emissions reported under the Processing of sold products’ category in the table above include the processing of our iron ore to steel.

This third party activity also consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us.

For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is accounted for under two categories.

This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting between the different scopes defined under standard GHG accounting practices and is not considered to detract from the overall value of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure.

This double counting means that the emissions reported under each category should not be added up, as to do so would give an inflated total figure.

For this reason we do not report a total Scope 3 emissions figure.

Further details of the calculation methodologies, assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3 emissions data can be found in the associated Scope 3 calculation methodology document available online at bhp.com climate.

Accelerating the development of carbon capture and storage We are working in partnership with others across our value chain to accelerate the development of technologies with the potential to reduce emissions from the processing and use of our products.

Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is a key low emissions technology with the potential to play a pivotal role in reducing emissions from industrial processes, such as steel production, as well as emissions from the power sector and from oil and gas production.

While we recognise progress is required in developing policy frameworks to support the wider deployment of this technology, our CCS investments and partnerships focus on mechanisms to reduce costs and accelerate development timeframes.

Our investments include activities aimed at knowledge sharing from commercial scale projects, development of sectoral deployment road maps and funding for research and development at leading universities and research institutes.

For example, in March 2019 we committed to invest US 6 million in Carbon Engineering Ltd to progress the development of a ground breaking technology to reduce carbon emissions by accelerating the development of Direct Air Capture, which removes CO2 from the atmosphere. read our press release at bhp.com.

In June 2019, we also committed to invest US 5 million in CO2CRC, a research project to develop subsurface storage technologies aimed at reducing the cost and environmental footprint of long term CO2 storage monitoring.

Establishment of the International CCS Knowledge Centre to share lessons from SaskPower's Boundary Dam CCS project in Saskatchewan, Canada.

Work with Peking University and other partners to identify the key policy, technical and economic barriers to CCS deployment in the industrial sector, with a particular focus on the iron and steel industry in China.

Establishment of a research collaboration between the University of Melbourne, University of Cambridge and Stanford University to support fundamental research into the long term storage mechanisms of CO2 in subsurface locations.

In July 2019, our CEO Andrew Mackenzie announced that BHP’s Board had approved a new Climate Investment Program that will invest in technologies to reduce emissions, and research and development of potential future solutions.

The Program will build on BHP’s existing program of investing in low emissions technologies and carbon capture and storage.

It includes a total investment amount of US 400 million over five years from FY2020.

Investments will target operational emissions reduction and potential reductions of Scope 3 emissions, including from the processing and use of our products.

The Program will target mature and disruptive technologies, designed to achieve near term emissions outcomes and longer term, higher risk goals.

We expect technology investment to be critical in meeting our short and medium term targets for operational emissions reduction, our longer term goal of operational net zero emissions and our goals in relation to Scope 3 emissions.

The Program will also drive investment in nature based solutions.

Contributing to the global response Climate change is a global challenge that requires collaboration.

We prioritise working with others to enhance the global policy and market response.

Promoting market mechanisms to reduce global emissions In addition to measures to reduce our emissions, we support the development of market mechanisms that reduce global GHG emissions through projects that generate carbon credits.

Our climate change strategy includes a focus on reducing emissions from deforestation through support for REDD , the United Nations program that aims to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation.

For example, in partnership with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and Conservation International (CI) we developed a first of its kind US 152 million Forests Bond, issued by the IFC in 2016.

We provide a price support mechanism for the bond, which supports the Kasigau Corridor REDD project in Kenya.

During FY2019, we purchased additional carbon credits from the Kasigau Corridor project.

In partnership with CI and Baker McKenzie, we launched the Finance for Forests (F4F) initiative in FY2018, which aims to share our experiences to help encourage replication of these investments and the exploration of other innovative private finance tools to conserve forests and further advance REDD .

As the first phase of F4F came to a close in June 2018, there was broad recognition among the F4F participants that many companies understood the opportunity provided by REDD and were now seeking opportunities for investment.

We launched the Finance for Forests 2.0 (F4F2.0) initiative with CI and Baker McKenzie in FY2019, to develop a suite of innovative financial mechanisms to channel private sector investment in REDD .

In FY2020, we will organise engagements to promote F4F2.0 and continue to deliver our REDD strategy, with scoping of our next project investment underway.

We are also exploring investments in blue carbon (carbon captured in coastal and marine ecosystems).

Supporting the development of effective climate and energy policy Industry has a key role to play in supporting policy development.

We engage with governments and other stakeholders to contribute to the development of an effective, long term policy framework that can deliver a measured transition to a lower carbon economy.

We believe an effective policy framework should include a complementary set of measures, including a price on carbon, support for low emissions technology and measures to build resilience.

We are a signatory to the World Bank's Putting a Price on Carbon statement and a partner in the Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition, a global initiative that brings together leaders from industry, government, academia and civil society with the goal of putting in place effective carbon pricing policies.

Our CEO Andrew Mackenzie has also been appointed to the World Bank’s High Level Commission on Carbon Pricing and Competitiveness.

We also advocate for a framework of policy settings that will accelerate the deployment of CCS. We are a member of the Global CCS Institute and the UK Government’s Council on Carbon Capture Usage and Storage.

We contribute to policy reviews throughout our global operating regions.

For example, in FY2019 we made a submission to the Australian Government’s consultation on the operation of the Emissions Reduction Fund Safeguard Mechanism.

We also engaged with the Australian Energy Security Board, directly and through our industry association memberships, on the design of the National Energy Guarantee.

We look forward to continuing to work with governments to ensure climate and energy policy frameworks are market based and technology neutral, and appropriately balance the goals of energy reliability, energy affordability and emissions reduction.

We believe industry associations have the capacity to play a key role in advancing the development of standards, best practices and constructive policy that are of benefit to members, the economy and society.

We also recognise there is stakeholder interest in the nature and role of industry associations and the extent to which the positions of industry associations on key issues are aligned with those of member companies.

We were one of the first major companies to review our alignment with the advocacy positions on climate and energy policy taken by industry associations to which we belong, and to share the findings and outcomes of this review publicly.

Our initial review was published in December 2017.

We continue to monitor the climate and energy policy positions of our industry association memberships and to keep our memberships of industry associations that hold an active position on climate and energy policy under review.

A further review of our industry associations was commenced during FY2019.

More information on our approach to industry associations, including our updated register of material differences on climate and energy policy, is available online at bhp.com.

Managing risk and opportunity We recognise the physical and non physical impacts of climate change may affect our assets, productivity, the markets in which we sell our products and the communities in which we operate.

Risks related to the physical impacts of climate change include acute risks resulting from increased severity of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from longer term changes in climate patterns.

Non physical risks arise from a variety of policy, regulatory, legal, technological and market responses to the challenges posed by climate change and the transition to a lower carbon economy.

A broader discussion of our climate related risk factors and risk management approach is provided in our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

Adapting to the physical impacts of climate change We take a risk based approach to adapting to the physical impacts of climate change.

We work with globally recognised agencies to obtain regional analyses of climate science to inform resilience planning at an asset level and improve our understanding of the potential climate vulnerabilities of our operations and communities in which we operate.

Our operations are required to build climate resilience into their activities through compliance with the Our Requirements for Environment and Climate Change standard.

We also require new investments to assess and manage risks associated with the forecast physical impacts of climate change.

As well as this ongoing business resilience planning, we continue to look at ways we can contribute to community and ecosystem resilience.

We recognise the body of scientific knowledge about the potential impacts of climate change is rapidly expanding and in FY2019, we commenced a review of our adaptation approach in light of the latest climate science.

Evaluating the resilience of our portfolio We consider the impacts of climate change in our strategy process.

We recognise the world could respond in a number of different ways to address climate change.

We use a broad range of scenarios to consider how divergent policy, technology, market and societal outcomes could impact our portfolio, including low plausibility, extreme shock events.

We also continually monitor a range of data sources to identify climate change related developments that would serve as a call to action for us to reassess the resilience of our portfolio.

Our investment evaluation process includes an assessment of non quantifiable risks, such as those that could impact the people and environment that underpin our contribution to social value.

The process has also incorporated market and sector based carbon prices for more than a decade.

Our Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis (2015) and Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis Views after Paris (2016) reports, which are available online at bhp.com climate, describe in more detail how we have used scenario analysis to evaluate the resilience of our portfolio to an orderly and more rapid transition to a 2 C world.

We will update our portfolio analysis in FY2020, evaluating the potential impacts of a broader range of scenarios, including a transition to well below 2 C.

We are committed to keeping our stakeholders informed of the potential impact of climate change on our business and continue to review and consider developing best practices and evolving stakeholder expectations.

Engagement and disclosure Our climate change strategy is supported by active engagement with our stakeholders, including investors, policymakers and non governmental organisations, and with peer companies where appropriate.

We periodically hold one on one and group meetings with investors and their advisers to explain our approach to climate change.

In FY2019, our climate related investor engagement included meetings held in Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and the United States.

We also seek input and insight from external experts, such as the BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility (FCR).

The FCR, which is composed of civil society leaders and BHP executives, has played a critical role in the development of our position on climate change.

During FY2019, the FCR met twice, with one of the meetings including discussion of the review of our climate change strategy.

Informed by this engagement, we regularly review our approach to climate change in response to emerging scientific knowledge, changes in global climate policy and regulation, developments in low emissions technologies and evolving stakeholder expectations.

Climate related financial disclosures BHP was one of the first companies to align our disclosures with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

We believe the TCFD recommendations represent an important step towards establishing a widely accepted framework for climate related financial risk disclosure and we have been a firm supporter of this work.

Our Vice President of Sustainability and Climate Change, Dr Fiona Wild, is a member of the Task Force.

We are committed to continuing to work with the TCFD and our peers in the resources sector to support the wider adoption of the TCFD recommendations and the development of more effective disclosure practices within the sector.

For details of our TCFD aligned disclosures on climate related financial risk, refer to our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

Access to safe, clean water is a basic human right and essential to maintaining healthy ecosystems.

In this section, we disclose how we manage our water interactions and risks from extraction to use and discharge.

We also share our performance and how we are tracking against targets.

Water is central to livelihoods, the health of the environment and the sustainability of our business.

Without access to water, our business simply could not operate.

Water stewardship: a shared responsibility Water is a vital shared resource that is essential to life.

Access to clean, safe water is a basic human right.

Communities, governments, business and civil society must work together so that fresh and marine water resources are conserved, become resilient and continue to support healthy communities and ecosystems, maintain cultural and spiritual values and sustain economic growth.

Water is integral to what we do and vital to the sustainability of our business.

Petroleum business and port facilities utilising marine water for desalination.

For a more detailed example of how we interact with water, read our case study Water stewardship at Olympic Dam at bhp.com community case studies.

We have a responsibility to effectively manage our interactions and minimise impacts on water resources.

We also recognise the importance of working with others to enable more effective water governance and stewardship across the communities, regions and countries where we operate.

Effective water stewardship must begin within our operations.

From there, we can more credibly collaborate with others toward solutions to shared water challenges.

Responsible water management will ultimately make our business more resilient in the long term and positively contribute to an enduring environment and social value.

About this water section We produced our inaugural Water Report in FY2018 to highlight our efforts and reflect water’s importance to society and our business.

For more information, refer to our Water Report 2018, available online at bhp.com.

While our focus remains as strong as ever on disclosure of our water activities, we have brought our water reporting back into the context of a Sustainability Report to integrate all aspects of our sustainability approach.

This water section is based on the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’ minimum disclosure standard.

For more information on how this section meets this standard, refer to our 2019 Sustainability Reporting Navigator, available online at bhp.com.

This section has also taken account of other disclosure frameworks, such as the United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s CEO Water Mandate (CEO Water Mandate), the G4 Global Reporting Initiative, and the Carbon Disclosure Project Water disclosure requirements and serves as BHP’s annual Communication of Progress against the core elements of the CEO Water Mandate.

Our approach We have reported our water withdrawals and discharges, and had water specific public targets in place for more than 15 years.

While water stewardship is not new for us, we can do more.

Our Water Stewardship Strategy was adopted in FY2017 to improve our management of water, increase transparency and contribute to the resolution of shared water challenges.

Complementing our Water Stewardship Strategy are our public target and longer term goal, established in FY2017.

Our five year water target seeks to reduce FY2022 freshwater withdrawal(1) by 15 per cent from FY2017(2) levels.

Our longer term goal is to collaborate to enable integrated water resource management in all catchments where we operate by FY2030 (in support of the UN Sustainable Development Goal 6).

Progress against our Water Stewardship Strategy, target and goal is reported in the Our water performance section.

In FY2019, we developed our Water Stewardship Position Statement that expresses BHP’s commitment to, and advocacy for water stewardship.

The Position Statement will be implemented from FY2020.

It outlines our vision for a water secure world by 2030.

The Statement was developed following broad internal and external engagement and is aligned to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and other initiatives.

It describes the challenges facing fresh and marine waters across the globe and reinforces that it is everyone’s responsibility take action together.

Our approach to realising this vision includes taking action to enhance water management within our business and catalyse actions to strengthen water governance beyond our operations.

Aligned to this vision, we will set additional asset based and regionally specific water targets.

These targets will seek to improve our water management and support shared approaches to address water challenges within the regions in which we operate.

Beyond our operations, we will work with others on a shared approach to effective water governance.

Our priorities will be around transparency, collaboration, and knowledge and innovation.

For more information, refer to the Next steps section.

Freshwater’ is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water.

Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

Discontinued operations (US Onshore assets) have been excluded.

Now is the time for us all to think big and take action to tackle the challenges facing water.

Fresh and marine waters on which the environment, communities and livelihoods depend are under increasing pressure, especially from climate change, pollution and population growth.

BHP’s vision is for a water secure’ world by 2030, an aim consistent with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

A world where water resources are conserved and resilient so they can continue to support healthy ecosystems, maintain cultural and spiritual values and sustain economic growth.

A world where the human right to safe and accessible water and the traditional rights of Indigenous peoples are realised and upheld.

A world where water governance is effective and beneficial, ensuring communities and ecosystems thrive for future generations.

To make this vision a reality, we all have a role to play.

Within our operations, BHP commits to realising our 2030 vision by setting public, context based, business level targets that will aim to both improve our management of water and support shared approaches to water management within the regions where we operate.

Value Effectively value the social, environmental and economic dimensions of water in our decision making.

Risk Embed processes and systems to manage water related risks and realise opportunities in the short and longer term.

Disclosure Transparently disclose water related risks, management and performance at an asset level.

Collective action Work with stakeholders within the regions where we operate to support shared approaches to water management.

Technology Leverage technology solutions that drive a step change reduction in water related risks, realise opportunities and deliver multiple benefits.

We commit to listening and learning from others to better understand and continuously improve our approach to water stewardship.

We will share our learnings and engage with our suppliers, customers and non operated asset partners on their journeys towards water stewardship.

Beyond our operations, BHP will contribute to realising our 2030 vision by engaging across communities, government, business and civil society with the aim of catalysing actions to improve water governance, increase recognition of water’s diverse values and advance sustainable solutions.

Transparency Enhancing the collection and meaningful reporting of water use and performance data by all users is fundamental to effective governance of water resources.

Collaboration Enabling inclusive water governance is essential to delivering outcomes that reflect water’s shared spiritual, cultural, recreational, ecological and economic values.

Knowledge and innovation Expanding knowledge of water issues and opportunities and supporting solutions driven collaborations are crucial to accelerating policy , nature and technology based innovations.

Regulation: The regions in which we operate have reasonably mature regulatory systems for water extraction, use and discharge.

Typically, our licences prescribe the quantity of water we are permitted to extract during a defined period and the quantity and quality of water discharged.

For a detailed summary of our water sensitivity assessments for each asset and the catchment in which they are located, refer to the BHP Water senstivity assessment in the Appendix.

It is estimated that 64 per cent of our assets are operating in areas of moderate to high water sensitivity.

We have seen an increase in water sensitivity at our Queensland Coal assets compared to FY2018.

This is due to an increased focus by stakeholders and regulators in relation to water interactions in the region more broadly.

Escondida and Pampa Norte also rate as having high water sensitivity due to the extremely dry and remote locations of these operations.

Groundwater resources in these regions are limited and highly significant to both the environment and local communities, including Indigenous peoples.

Given the different operating contexts in the United States and Canada, this year we have split out our North American legacy assets assessment in the BHP Water senstivity assessment in the Appendix, to provide more granularity.

Water and risk at BHP BHP’s strategy means we must plan our water use and interactions for the long term.

We need to consider both our operational needs and the potential for regional changes to water resources due to climate change, pollution, population growth and changing expectations.

As part of our risk management processes, our assets and functions are required to assess and manage the potential water related risks from their activities.

Our Water Stewardship Strategy has been progressing a range of improvements in relation to water related risk management.

BHP and water sensitivity The management of water related risks needs to reflect the different settings in which we work.

These include the physical environment, hydrological systems and socio political and regulatory contexts.

Risk management must also take into account the interactions that we and others have with water resources.

To better understand the water related risks for our business at a portfolio level, BHP has assessed the water sensitivity of the locations in which we operate.

We define water sensitivity as the degree (high, moderate or low) to which a region is sensitive to a range of water influencing factors.

Climate: Different climatic conditions influence the availability of water and the way in which water interacts with the physical environment.

BHP water source interactions: The water resources we extract from and discharge to vary across each asset and influence the exposure we have to particular water resources (i.e. surface, ground or marine water resources).

Competition for resources: Most of our assets share water resources with others, including communities, agriculture, industry and the natural environment.

As a result, we consider a number of factors, including stakeholder concerns and expectations, cumulative impacts and the extent to which the resource is shared with communities and the environment.

We apply baseline water stress (using World Resources Institute categories) to inform the sensitivity of the water resource to competition by evaluating the total withdrawal from the resource compared to the total water resource available.

A higher ratio indicates more potential for competition and thus the risk of higher stress.

Sustainability of water resource: Water resources have hydrological properties, such as the inherent quality and sustainable quantity of the water resource required to maintain the resource itself, and the dependent environmental and social values.

Understanding water resource sustainability and the tolerance to climatic and other changes is essential to effectively manage the impacts to and from BHP.

This is the first year we have included this category.

Refer to the appendix BHP Water sensitivity assessment for further details.

Our water related risks Our water related risks are influenced by the water sensitivity in the regions where we operate.

Water related risk management is conducted according to BHP’s Risk Framework.

For information on risk management, refer to the Managing risk section.

A more detailed description of BHP’s significant water related risks, their potential impacts and the controls BHP employs to manage these risks is included in the Detailed significant water related risks in the Appendix.

The significant water related risks across our assets are summarised in the table below.

Tier 1: Water related risks that may have significant consequences, in the absence of controls.

Tier 2: Water related risks that are still important, but may have lower consequences, in the absence of controls or are still emerging risks.

Given this assessment has not taken into account the effectiveness of controls to manage these risks, the table should be read as a hypothetical representation of the worst case potential risk.

Examples of significant water related risks Catchment level risk Catchment risk has been classified as Tier 1 across all mining assets as the nature of these operations coupled with their physical context means there is the potential to significantly impact water resources and related environmental and or social values.

This may arise either as a result of direct impacts from BHP’s operations or cumulative impacts arising from our activities combined with those of others within a region.

For example, our Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) operations in the Pilbara region of Western Australia are located alongside other mining companies’ operations.

The cumulative effect of combined activities has the potential to impact aquifers of groundwater that support local ecosystems and have important spiritual and cultural significance for Indigenous communities.

To better understand potential impacts, WAIO conducted a strategic environmental assessment that took a regional approach.

A key element of the assessment was to understand the potential cumulative impacts and management strategies associated with surface water and groundwater.

An analysis was undertaken to identify key, water dependent environmental assets within the upper Fortescue River catchment.

This innovative approach has allowed WAIO to develop proactive, outcome based management actions to cumulative impact risks.

These actions now inform short and long term mine planning to avoid and minimise impacts to water dependent environments.

Escondida’s operations have the potential to impact the cultural and spiritual values associated with local water resources.

In 2017, Escondida ceased its operational extraction from one of the main local aquifers, Salar de Punta Negra.

In line with our sustainability principles and to perform a transition to a fully desalinated water supply, by 2020, Escondida has committed to reduce the water extraction from the aquifer underlying the Monturaqui wellfield by approximately 70 per cent, and to cease all groundwater extractions for its operation by 2030.

Planning for this gradual decrease in extractions is taking place in close consultation with the Lickanantay Indigenous communities.

Escondida’s desalination plant is now in operation, supporting this transition away from regional groundwater aquifers.

Extreme weather risk A number of our assets are already managing extreme weather risks.

These risks have been identified as Tier 1 at WAIO (cyclones), Escondida (extreme precipitation events), Pampa Norte (extreme precipitation events), Queensland Coal (extreme rainfall and cyclones) and Petroleum (cyclones).

The climate at our Queensland Coal operations is characterised by wet season rainfall, which includes tropical cyclone events that produce most of the annual rainfall and a dry season during which little rainfall occurs.

Mine affected water (MAW) is one of the key water risks for Queensland Coal.

MAW is rainfall runoff from active mining areas and other water that has been used in the mining process.

Over time, this water may become more saline due to evaporation or it may have increased suspended solids due to wash down or erosion from surrounding mining activity.

MAW is used for dust suppression and coal washing.

Similarly, excess water in operational pits may obstruct access and limit production.

Water management activities aim for the balance between too much and too little water on each site.

This allows sufficient storage for runoff from rainfall events, while not impacting production and not allowing unauthorised site discharge of MAW.

Discharge of MAW needs to be managed in accordance with licence conditions, which in some cases may require treatment of MAW prior to discharge.

Appropriate management will minimise out of season flow in ephemeral creeks and rivers, which has the potential (if not controlled) to increase sediment and salt loads.

Due to a series of extreme rainfall events, excess water management is central to Queensland Coal’s operating strategy.

Some BMA sites still hold excess water after the 2011 and 2013 floods and cyclone Debbie in 2017.

One way of managing this is to move MAW from sites with water excess to sites that have too little water.

An additional control is to avoid the accumulation of additional water from excess rainfall events.

BHP undertakes detailed studies on an ongoing basis that assess the benefit and cost of various options to manage excess water.

In addition, ongoing modelling and simulations are used to estimate flood risk.

These estimations inform appropriate flood risk mitigation activities, which include construction of flood levees and preparation of emergency evacuation plans.

Climate change presents an emerging risk for all BHP assets which is why it is currently rated as Tier 2 for all assets.

It is expected to heighten existing risks, such as these extreme weather risks and introduce new ones.

Marine risk From a marine perspective, key risk events include, for our petroleum assets, loss of containment of hydrocarbons and for our mineral assets, desalination facilities that discharge high salinity water in low volumes port operations located in proximity to communities and or key marine areas and other potentially uncontrolled operational discharges.

A catastrophic hydrocarbon (oil) loss of containment from an offshore facility into the marine environment is a major incident event with the potential for serious environmental and social impacts.

A number of controls are in place to manage this risk to as low as reasonably practical.

Water access, sanitation and hygiene risk Water access, sanitation and hygiene is a Tier 1 risk at all assets where drinking water and sanitation facilities are provided for the workforce and or communities.

For example, WAIO provides drinking water to the community of Newman, five operational mining areas and one closed mine, and supplements supply to its port and rail assets.

Therefore, management of this water is critical to our operations and surrounding communities.

To manage this risk, WAIO adopts a management system approach based on ISO 9001, which integrates World Health Organisation and the Australian Drinking Water Guidelines requirements, as well as a number of international standards to enable a holistic approach to drinking water safety and infrastructure management.

Value chain risk Water related risks can indirectly affect operations via our value chain, from supply to operations to customers.

For example, floods in one part of the world may affect supplies of a critical input or item of equipment necessary to sustain our operations.

Additionally, tightening regulation around water discharges in a particular country or region may constrain our customers’ manufacturing operations.

This may have flow on effects to our ability to sell certain commodities.

Following a high level assessment of our value chain risk undertaken in FY2018, we identified a concentration of suppliers and customers in China.

In FY2019, we began a more detailed assessment of value chain water related risks in this region, which will further our understanding of opportunities to work with suppliers and customers to better manage water related risks.

Non operated assets For information on BHP’s interests in companies and joint ventures that we do not operate and how we engage with them around sustainable development, refer to the Sustainability at our non operated minerals joint ventures and petroleum non operated assets section.

Petroleum non operated assets In our current petroleum non operated assets, we have processes in place to identify and manage risks within the rights afforded by the respective joint operating agreements.

An example is in Bass Strait, offshore Victoria, Australia, where a number of water related risks are being monitored by the operator as part of our joint venture arrangement.

These include risks associated with per fluoroalkyl and poly fluoroalkyl substances, non aqueous phase contamination and oil in water metering.

Non operated minerals joint ventures Water stewardship is as vital for our non operated joint ventures (NOJVs) as for our operated assets.

We have actively engaged with our NOJVs to better understand their water related requirements.

For example, we have worked with Antamina and its shareholders to secure their commitment to align with ICMM sustainability principles.

In addition, Cerrej n is implementing a water management approach focused on efficient use of water and a basins based approach.

It is also increasing stakeholder engagement to better understand the needs and concerns of local communities.

An example of an opportunity from effective risk management is how our WAIO operations manage dewatering.

Dewatering at WAIO produces more water than is required for mining activities.

This surplus water is a valuable resource and WAIO’s preference is to implement a controlled return of this water to aquifers through a managed aquifer recharge process.

It preserves the water resource for future use by BHP or other parties, minimises our environmental footprint and places less impact on the cultural heritage values of the surrounding landscape, which is an important consideration for Traditional Owners.

BHP’s Water Stewardship Strategy seeks to leverage technology solutions to significantly reduce water related impacts and deliver benefits beyond our operations.

We have initiated a global review of emerging and potentially new technology, which could provide solutions within the themes of water treatment and water recovery.

Olympic Dam tailings decant water treatment for reuse and to partially offset Great Artesian Basin supply.

Escondida tailings dam water recovery treatment for reuse Queensland Coal mine affected water treatment for reuse or discharge.

Water governance We have a range of core business processes, requirements and guidance materials that apply to our management of water at Group and operational levels.

For more information, refer to Our sustainability approach section.

BHP has established cross functional teams to implement our approach to water stewardship at Group and regional levels.

These teams include representatives from Planning Engineering Strategy Health, Safety and Environment Community Corporate Affairs Operations Risk and Legal.

Water accounting We have publicly reported our water withdrawals and discharges for more than 15 years, since the establishment of the Minerals Council of Australia’s Water Accounting Framework (WAF) Input Output Model.

We transitioned our reporting in FY2019 to align with the ICMM A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting’ (ICMM Guidelines), an international accounting framework for our sector.

Although the ICMM Guidelines are in general alignment with the WAF and the basic reporting requirements of the Global Reporting Initiative, alignment to the ICMM Guidelines has resulted in some changes to the way we now report water data.

We now describe our water inputs as water withdrawals and what we previously referred to as water outputs is now referred to as water consumption or water discharges.

We report our water withdrawals (water intended for use by the site or operational facility) by source and water discharges and consumption (water used by the site or operational facility) by receiving body.

During FY2019, BHP continued to focus on improving the robustness of water data in line with the ICMM Guidelines.

The volume of water received by the site or operational facility from the water environment and or a third party supplier.

The volume of water removed from the site or operational facility to the water environment and or a third party supplier.

The volume of water used by the site or operational facility and not returned to the water environment or a third party.

Water actively managed by a site or operational facility but not used for any operational purposes.

Water of high quality that would require minimal (if any) treatment to meet drinking water standards.

Water of medium quality that would require moderate treatment to meet drinking water standards (it may have a high salinity threshold of no higher than 5,000 milligrams per litre Total Dissolved Solids and other individual constituents).

Water of low quality that would require significant treatment to meet drinking water standards.

It may have individual constituents with high values of Total Dissolved Solids, elevated levels of metals or extreme levels of pH.

BHP has continued to group water quality into three categories in line with the WAF as this provides more granularity.

Type 1 and Type 2 equate to high quality water, while Type 3 equates to low quality water under the ICMM Guidelines.

Embed processes and systems to effectively manage water related risk and realise opportunities at a catchment level in the short and longer term.

Leverage technology solutions that drive a step change reduction in water related risks, realise opportunities and deliver multiple benefits.

Effectively value water in investment and operational decisions through integration into strategy, planning and evaluation frameworks.

Transparently disclose water related risks, management and performance at an asset level.

Collaborate with stakeholders to improve regional water policy and catchment governance and address shared water challenges within our communities and across our value chain.

We issued an internal Water Management Standard that set mandatory requirements for water related risk management, planning and review.

This standard will help to ensure consistency across all operations, while accommodating regional context.

We developed two internal global water standards to improve our approach to drinking water and water data management processes.

All three standards form part of BHP’s three lines of defence’ model of risk governance and management.

The business is currently progressing towards compliance with these standards.

We reviewed priority water related risks, undertook a review of the robustness of our water related data and commenced the integration of long term water strategy in standard planning practices for all assets.

We identified actions to improve our understanding of risks within the catchments in which we operate, taking account of environmental, community and third party interactions.

We continued to progress our technology road map and reviewed technologies available for water recovery from tailings, water data management systems and water treatment options.

We collaborated with the Columbia University Water Center (in the United States) to explore approaches to water valuation through a retrospective case study of our Escondida desalination decision.

A synthesis report of the findings can be viewed at www.water.columbia.edu research themes risk and financial instruments risk based water valuation for mining companies .

We sought feedback from investors, NGOs and other stakeholders on our first Water Report and have sought to reflect and build on that feedback in this Report.

We transitioned our water reporting to align with the ICMM Guidelines.

We have developed a Water Stewardship Position Statement following broad engagement with external stakeholders.

We have continued to collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate, including supporting an initiative to harmonise water accounting.

We developed internal guidance on collective actions and participated in collective action initiatives across our portfolio to address shared water risks.

Our water target and goal In FY2017, we announced a new five year Group wide water target and longer term goal.

The five year target is to reduce FY2022 freshwater withdrawal(1) by 15 per cent from FY2017(2) levels.

The target was developed taking account of each asset’s circumstances and focused on the use of freshwater as it is generally the most important water resource for communities and the environment.

Our longer term goal is to collaborate to enable integrated water resource management in all catchments where we operate by FY2030.

It is aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 6 that seeks to ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all’.

Performance against freshwater withdrawal reduction target Freshwater withdrawal increased 9 per cent in FY2019 compared to FY2018.

However, overall we remain on track to attain the 15 per cent reduction target by FY2022, with FY2019 withdrawals 1 per cent below the FY2017 adjusted baseline, as shown on the right.

Continued improvements in data quality and understanding, particularly at WAIO and our Queensland Coal assets, resulted in data changes that required restatements to FY2017 data which form part of the FY2017 baseline.

Reductions in freshwater continued as a result of increased throughput of the desalination plant at Escondida and the subsequent reduced reliance on the region’s aquifers.

The most material increase in water withdrawal was at WAIO, due to increases in production and water required for dust suppression and ore processing.

All data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US).

Performance against our longer term goal Much of our initial collective action work is directed at supporting local integrated water resource management (IWRM) initiatives.

During FY2019, we commenced the development of guidance on how to approach collective action in support of IWRM.

Effective disclosure is fundamental to the success of IWRM initiatives and we have continued to collaborate with the CEO Water Mandate to support harmonisation of water accounting standards.

We see this as a critical step to enhancing transparency and collaboration across all sectors for improved water governance.

In line with our Water Stewardship Position Statement, we anticipate releasing the initial set of context based, business level targets by FY2022.

Freshwater’ is defined as waters other than sea water, waste water from third parties and hypersaline ground water.

Freshwater withdrawal also excludes entrained water that would not be available for other uses.

These exclusions have been made to align with the target’s intent to reduce the use of freshwater sources subject to competition from other users or the environment.

Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

Water performance summary The below summarises BHP’s global water performance for FY2019. over 80 per cent of our withdrawals being either Type 2 or Type 3 water quality.

For a Group wide, year on year comparison of our water data, refer to Performance data Environment and Performance data Water appendices.

For asset level performance for FY2019, refer to the BHP asset level water data summary appendix.

This is the first year we have reported consumption (these data were previously captured in output, now termed discharge, data).

Evaporation and entrainment(3) data, account for the majority of consumed water.

It should be noted that for all water performance data presented in this section, Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

Sea water continues to be our largest source of water withdrawn, representing close to half of total withdrawals, influenced largely by desalination at Escondida.

Groundwater is our next most significant withdrawal, at over one third of total withdrawals, driven by WAIO and Escondida.

Surface water withdrawals, largely influenced by rainfall, are primarily driven by our Queenlsand coal assets.

Over 80 per cent of our assets measure elements of their withdrawal and discharge volumes.

We simulate or estimate elements, such as evaporation and entrainment volumes, as these are challenging to measure and vary over time due to seasonal and product variability.

During FY2019, BHP continued to improve our water data from both a volume and quality categorisation perspective.

We also released an internal Group wide water data standard.

As a result, we expect our water reporting to continue to strengthen.

Next steps During FY2019, we continued to work on our Water Stewardship Strategy.

Significant milestones included the development of our Water Stewardship Position Statement and Group wide technical standards.

Water stewardship will enter a new phase of implementation in FY2020 firstly, within our businesses, as we embed enhancements to risk management and then more broadly, as we seek to establish additional collaborations to move towards our vision of water security for all.

We will build on our current public targets with the development of context based, business level water targets.

The development of these targets will vary across our assets, as we consider both the nature of our interactions with water and the shared water challenges within each region.

We anticipate releasing an initial set of context based, business level water targets by FY2022.

We are committed to developing and strengthening relationships with communities based on respect, honesty and trust.

Our collaborative approach to building meaningful and sustainable partnerships lays the foundation for social value and delivers a positive contribution to the quality of life and resilience of communities where we have a presence.

We believe we are successful when we work in partnership with communities to achieve long term social, environmental and economic outcomes.

To support this, we must consider social value in our decision making and work with communities where we have a presence.

Social value is the sum of our contribution to society underpinned by respectful and mutually beneficial partnerships that prioritise social, environmental and economic outcomes.

Through this approach, we can create opportunities and address challenges that we cannot solve alone.

In FY2019, we completed an in depth review of how we understand and support social value.

The purpose of the review was to identify areas for improvement that will help us achieve our goal of building social value.

The review focused on how we can improve our capacity to connect to communities, understand their ambitions and work to empower these communities.

Implementation of the review’s recommendations commenced in FY2019, based on a phased approach according to business and community priority needs.

Understanding what communities and stakeholders think of BHP is central to our ability to build social value.

We need to know our stakeholders and their areas of interest and influence, and we need to spend time with them.

We understand the significance of dialogue with communities to develop a common approach to managing the impact of and realising benefits from our operations.

We also continue to recognise the important role our social investment programs and initiatives play in making a positive contribution towards improving the quality of life of communities where we have a presence and supporting the achievement of the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals.

Our long standing commitment to invest not less than 1 per cent of our pre tax profit(1) continued in FY2019.

Guided by our Social Investment Framework, community development projects and donations align to three core themes of governance, human capability and social inclusion, and environment.

However, we understand that without building meaningful partnerships and connections, social investments will not achieve their maximum potential.

That is why we work with communities to embrace collective action and advocacy.

The BHP Foundation, a charitable organisation established and funded by BHP, continues to work in partnership with internationally recognised institutions, think tanks and non government organisations to address some of the most critical sustainable development challenges facing society that are directly relevant to the resources sector.

For more information on the BHP Foundation’s work, refer to the Charitable entity funding in this section.

Engaging with communities At the centre of our stakeholder engagement approach is an understanding that healthy and sustainable relationships are built on open, honest and mutually respectful dialogue.

Our Code of Conduct and the Our Requirements for Communications, Community and External Engagement standard govern our actions in making a positive contribution to communities where we have a presence and minimising adverse impacts where these cannot be avoided.

Our community practitioners apply a range of systems, processes and tools across our operations to help us understand, plan, implement and evaluate our engagement activities.

This includes social baseline analysis, social impact and opportunity assessments, human rights impact assessments, stakeholder mapping and community perception surveys.

This information informs our approach to community engagement, community development and social investment activities that aim to be culturally sensitive and socially inclusive.

By assessing the social, economic, political, security and environmental factors affecting communities, we can identify and monitor emerging social trends, better manage social impacts and reputational risks associated with our operations and contribute to social value.

At a broader level, we actively participate in forums, think tanks and discussions on themes that span our global communities, such as the environment, energy, automation, sustainable development, transparency and human rights.

Our public commitments and voluntary initiatives are listed on our website (bhp.com).

Addressing social risks and impacts We recognise our responsibility to contribute to and respect the health, safety and wellbeing of communities.

BHP has a target of zero significant community events.

Overseen by the Board’s Risk and Audit Committee, we identify, assess and manage significant community events using our global Risk Framework.

We are also conscious that we must facilitate and enable appropriate access to regular, open and honest dialogue, so that we understand the expectations, concerns and interests of stakeholders and incorporate these into our business plans.

Aligned with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, all BHP assets are required to have local mechanisms in place to support engagement with the community, record complaints and grievances, and address these in a timely and culturally appropriate manner.

In FY2019, we developed a globally consistent methodology to the design of our grievance mechanisms, with sufficient flexibility to account for the local cultural and operational context.

This methodology will be piloted and rolled out across our assets in FY2020.

For more information on grievance mechanisms and access to remedy within our supply chain, refer to our FY2019 Modern Slavery Act Statement, available at bhp.com.

We also introduced a new event management system for recording health, safety, environmental and community events.

For more information, refer to the Health section.

The new system includes an expanded category for community complaints and grievances relating to amenity, behaviour, human rights and Indigenous rights.

This will allow us to improve our investigation, management and analysis of issues and impacts on the community.

In FY2019, there were no new social, environmental or human rights grievance cases recorded by our asset teams.

However, the number of community complaints received through our local complaints and grievance mechanisms increased during the 12 month reporting period, from 71 to 138 incidents.

This increased number of complaints was primarily attributed to dust related issues at our coal operations, associated with drier than normal conditions in Queensland and the prolonged drought in New South Wales, as well as an increase in odour complaints at our Nickel West operation.

We continue to work with these stakeholders to seek to address their concerns through engaging in open and honest dialogue.

Community concerns raised in FY2019 In FY2019, community interest continued to focus on environmental impacts (water usage and access), economic development and employment opportunities.

Our Environment team is working with communities, government, business and civil society on projects that aim to improve water governance and address water challenges by focusing on shared spiritual, cultural, recreational, ecological and economic values.

For more information on our work in this area, refer to the Water section.

We continue to work collaboratively with local, regional and national stakeholder groups to enable people to express their views and experiences to the business.

This shared dialogue helps inform our decision making on issues that are important to communities, develop appropriate mitigation measures to resolve concerns and identify new partnership opportunities that can support local aspirations.

An overview of community concerns relating to BHP’s operating assets raised in FY2019 is provided below.

For information on how we are responding to these concerns, refer to the following Regional community focus section.

Environmental impacts Employment and training Board sanction commitment.

Environmental impacts Economic development Health (physical and mental) Opportunities for engagement Fly in, fly out and drive in, drive out.

Environmental impacts Employment and training Economic development.

Environmental impacts Employment and training Economic development.

Environmental impacts Employment and training Economic development Protection of cultural heritage.

Economic development Health (physical and mental) Youth engagement and support Housing prices.

Queensland In recognition that a thriving region is critical for the long term interests of both communities and business, BHP entered into a three year partnership with the Greater Whitsunday Alliance (GW3).

The partnership aims to encourage better collaboration among stakeholders to progress the region’s development priorities and initiatives.

The scope of the partnership is two fold and includes enhancing GW3’s capacity to effectively advocate, engage and promote the region, and also deliver a number of priority projects that are designed to have a direct and positive impact on the region’s future.

For more information, read our case study A collective approach to regional development in Queensland at bhp.com community case studies.

New South Wales In partnership with Upper Hunter Community Services, our Mt Arthur Coal asset supports a Community Capacity Building Project.

The project employs community development officers to engage with community members, conduct research into potential community development projects and explore mechanisms for building collaboration between services and community based organisations.

Muswellbrook’s Work for the Dole program was developed under the partnership and assists unemployed community members to return to work.

The project is also working to develop a mental health app that provides details of local medical and mental health practitioners, drug and alcohol support services and direct links to hotlines and websites, including Lifeline, Beyond Blue and Headspace.

South Australia Through our Olympic Dam operations, BHP’s partnership with the Adelaide Football Club Women’s competition is supporting grassroots and pathway development for young Indigenous and non Indigenous women in regional areas.

The three year partnership has a strong emphasis on inclusion and diversity, with a focus on the mental and physical health of young people to build resilience and social connections through a fun and supportive program.

Trinidad and Tobago We have partnered with United Way Trinidad and Tobago, a non profit organisation that raises charitable donations from companies and individuals and channels these funds to non government organisations to deliver critical social services to citizens in need.

The partnership is focused on developing medium to long term flood relief and mitigation activities in vulnerable locations across Trinidad and Tobago.

Regional community focus In addressing regional community concerns, we work collectively with multiple stakeholders to identify, develop and advocate for partnerships and strategies that will make a real difference in those communities.

Australia Local Buying Program Now in its seventh year, our Local Buying Program remains a core community program in providing regional economic development opportunities to local businesses in those regions where our assets are located.

The Program is designed to encourage better relationships between our operations and small businesses, and build capability and capacity across the local supply chain.

A critical element of the Local Buying Program is the streamlining of onboarding, procurement and payment processes, which includes 21 day payment terms from receipt of invoice.

In FY2019, more than 1,380 local suppliers across Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia registered with the Program.

Approval was given for over 9,100 work packages and local business expenditure of more than US 82 million.

For all approved transactions processed through the Local Buying Program, BHP makes a financial contribution to established Local Buying Foundations located in Queensland and New South Wales, with the rollout of foundations in South Australia and Western Australia planned for 2020.

Funds allocated to these foundations are used to establish business development programs that target genuine community needs and complement social investment projects already being delivered by BHP.

A Local Buying Foundation Advisory Committee is established for each foundation, comprising community members who have an interest, skills and expertise in regional economic development.

The committees provide guidance and market environmental intelligence to inform, identify and support the investment and disbursement of the funds and oversee effective governance of the foundations.

Local Voices Project In FY2019, we engaged the CSIRO for a three year project to provide communities neighbouring our operations in Central Queensland (Dysart and Moranbah), New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia, an opportunity to express their views and experiences of BHP’s presence in their community.

Known as Local Voices, feedback received through this project will help inform our decision making on the issues that matter most to these communities.

This data will help us better understand the concerns and aspirations of the communities in which we have a presence, building trust through improved relationships that is based on mutual understanding of the different aspects of our operations and how they affect the community.

Western Australia We developed an education strategy to establish early childhood, primary secondary and tertiary (both vocational and university) partnerships with government and education institutions develop pathways to employment through improving access to scholarships, apprenticeships and trainee programs and invest in technology and automation programs within secondary schools.

The strategy also focuses on education initiatives that provide up skill opportunities for our employees and potential future workforce.

Canada We are focused on managing external expectations related to the Jansen Potash Project and anticipating the growth that would occur if the project was sanctioned.

Social investment is targeted at capacity building programs for First Nations groups in the areas of social inclusion, education and training, and improving the health and wellness indicators and access to public services for local communities.

We are also progressing the development of a new Petroleum project in Eastern Canada and exploring ways to work with other industry operators in the Atlantic coastal region to address community and First Nations concerns in a collaborative way.

United States Coastal restoration and environmental and social capacity building in local communities are the focus of social investment in our US Petroleum business.

Through our programs, we aim to develop sustained employment opportunities, safeguard water quality and access, and limit cumulative impacts on coastal areas.

Our partnership with the America’s WETLAND Foundation (AWL) and Resource Environmental Solutions (RES) has restored 60.7 hectares (150 acres) of wetlands in the Barataria Terrebonne National Estuary, one of the largest and most productive systems in the United States with an economic value of US 1.2 million per year.

A hallmark of the partnership is educating the media, general public and government on the value of natural or green engineering in building resilience into the environment, as well as the role of public private collaborations in advancing these projects.

Terrebone biodiversity and community resilience projects at bhp.com community case studies.

Chile In August 2018, we launched an Indigenous Peoples Plan (IPP) for South America, which lays the foundation to strengthen recognition, trust and long term relationships based on four pillars of governance, economic empowerment, social and cultural support, and public engagement.

To facilitate this, during 2019 we created two external advisory groups to help check the progress of the plan, including an Indigenous Peoples Plan Consultative Council and Indigenous Peoples Plan Committee of Experts.

The Council was established in April 2019 and comprises representatives of Indigenous communities around our Escondida and Cerro Colorado copper mines in northern Chile.

The Council is independent from BHP and focuses on more effective participation of Indigenous communities in the IPP’s implementation.

The expert committee comprises specialists with experience in working on Indigenous issues relating to human rights, the environment, climate change, territory and heritage.

The committee is responsible for developing a governance framework that recognises the collective rights of Indigenous peoples in Chile.

It is also helping to strengthen BHP’s relationships by addressing shared challenges and ensuring our actions on Indigenous peoples’ lands where we operate can be sustainable.

Together with BHP, these advisory groups are working to achieve greater inclusion and opportunities for collaboration with Indigenous communities.

Social investment We recognise the opportunity our social investment programs have to make a positive contribution to the quality of life of the community and to complement our broader business priorities and activity.

Through our long standing commitment to invest not less than 1 per cent of our pre tax profit in social and environmental projects and donations, we generate social value through greater engagement with a broad set of stakeholders.

Our contribution to sustainability challenges at the local, regional, national and global levels is a key element in managing current and future risks.

It also provides an opportunity to build long term reciprocal relationships with stakeholders.

We seek to develop strategic social investment partnerships by advocating collective action, bringing together key stakeholders to support the self determination of communities, with a shared approach to solving local challenges, and building local opportunities.

We generate social value through our contribution to grass roots initiatives, such as community donations, employee volunteering, our Local Buying Program and the BHP Matched Giving Program.

In FY2019, we commenced the management of our social investment contracts for community projects and donations through our Global Contract Management System.

The new system enables an integrated end to end partnership management approach that is auditable, transparent and enhances our ability to communicate and report on our social investment activities.

Our voluntary social investment in FY2019 totalled US 93.5 million,(1) consisting of US 55.7 million in direct community development projects and donations, US 8.9 million equity share to non operated joint venture programs, a US 16.57 million donation to the BHP Foundation and US 4 million to the Matched Giving and community small grants programs.

Administrative costs to facilitate social investment activities at our assets totalled US 6.27 million and US 2 million supported the operations of the BHP Foundation.

Under our Social Investment Framework theme of governance, we invested US 6.24 million in projects that aim to reduce corruption, enhance transparency and strengthen institutions in Australia, Canada, Chile, China and Trinidad and Tobago.

In FY2019, more than 145 non government organisations and approximately 679 small businesses participated in BHP funded capacity building activities.

This increase in the participation rate of small businesses was predominantly from new opportunities associated with our Local Buying Program in Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia, a new partnership with the Port Hedland Chamber of Commerce in Western Australia and GW3 in Queensland.

Through our social investment in human capability and social inclusion, we contributed a total of US 33.15 million, which saw more than 78,458 people positively benefit from education and training, health and wellbeing, and social inclusion programs.

BHP Foundation Many of the world’s most pressing social and environmental challenges need solutions at global and national levels.

The BHP Foundation (Foundation), a US based charitable organisation established and funded by BHP, has embarked on a bold and ambitious program to take on these issues and enhance the contribution the global resources sector can make to achieving many of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.

Since 2015, the Foundation has been working with leading global non government organisations and institutions to implement practical and long term solutions designed to bring about large scale, transformative change.

Natural resource governance the ambition is to harness the power of natural resource wealth for sustainable and inclusive human development.

Environmental resilience the ambition is to support new ways of conserving and sustainably managing large scale, globally significant natural environments for the benefit of future generations.

Education equity the ambition is to harness the potential of marginalised and under represented young people by enabling equitable access to quality education.

Complementing the global programs are country programs, which aim to support national development priorities and draw on BHP’s expertise to support the Foundation’s work.

Country programs have been implemented in Australia and Chile, and in the future will be implemented in Canada and the United States.

The Foundation has projects in 36 countries and works with more than 30 partner organisations that are leaders in their fields.

Projects are selected based on their potential to forge new models for addressing complex issues and set new standards, and are designed to deliver measurable, effective and practical solutions for local impact.

The Foundation also advocates on the global stage for the change it wants to see.

For more information about the Foundation’s programs, visit bhp.com community bhp foundation.

These programs supported approximately 66,277 school aged students from Australia, Chile, China, Singapore and Trinidad and Tobago who participated in BHP funded education programs of which nearly 7,764 were girls and women and 4,548 were Indigenous people.

Some 519 scholarships were awarded, including 341 received by Indigenous students and 10,867 people were provided with access to new or improved health services(1), including 224 Indigenous people and 801 women.

Through our community partners, some 795 people received job related training, with programs designed to support the career development of individuals and contribute to the prosperity of local organisations.

Our contribution to environmental projects totalled US 16.3 million in Australia, Chile, China, Kenya, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago and the United States.

These projects aim to contribute to enduring environmental and social benefits through biodiversity conservation, water stewardship and climate change mitigation and adaption.

Matched Giving Program We are proud to support the organisations that are important to our employees.

Through our Matched Giving Program, BHP matches personal donations made by our employees to eligible not for profit organisations at a ratio of 2:1, which equates to a BHP donation of two dollars for every dollar donated.

In FY2019, we introduced some important changes, modelled on how most employees were already using the Program.

In order to create greater impact with the organisations most popular with our employees and to strengthen the governance of the Program, a list of 50 eligible organisations (along with their chapters in other eligible locations) and a new matching cap of US 10,000 per employee, per financial year, were introduced.

Legacy donations were also matched to enable a smooth transition from the previous program.

Throughout the year, 4,175 of our employees participated in the Matched Giving Program, supporting 350 not for profit organisations.

These organisations received over US 3.21 million via the Program.

Charitable entity funding BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities BHP Billiton Sustainable Communities (BSC), based in the United Kingdom, was established to partner with organisations to deliver large scale, long term social and environmental development projects.

We continued to transition to a single BHP funded charitable entity (the BHP Foundation) in FY2019, while BSC honoured its remaining project commitments.

Two of the three remaining BSC flagship programs were concluded during FY2019: the ANDA Project in Colombia and the ACDI VOCA Project in Mozambique.

The final program is due to be completed in FY2020, at which time BSC will commence winding up.

In FY2019, BSC provided US 764,590 to its sole remaining program, a five year initiative with WaterAid .

This program works to improve the lives of thousands of people in Mozambique through access to equitable, inclusive and sustainable water, sanitation and hygiene services.

For more information, read our case study Supporting vulnerable populations in regional Colombia at bhp.com community case studies.

Supporting local economic growth BHP proudly supports the growth of local businesses in the regions where we operate, through sourcing and promoting locally available products and services.

Our assets develop local procurement plans that identify opportunities for local suppliers, including small businesses to deliver capacity building and employment creation initiatives.

These initiatives are designed to be sustainable post BHP’s presence.

During FY2019, 14 per cent of our external expenditure was with local suppliers.

An additional 82 per cent of our supply expenditure was located within the regions in which we operate.

We contributed US 16 billion to more than 10,000 suppliers globally, of which US 2 billion supported local community suppliers where we operate.

These figures remain comparable to previous years, although local spend was lower due to the sale of our Onshore US assets during FY2019.

Our expenditure with local suppliers in FY2019 was mostly in Trinidad and Tobago (57 per cent), the United States (31 per cent), Chile (14 per cent) and Australia (12 per cent).

See the Regional community focus section for more information about our Local Buying Program in Australia.

Regional and national spend refers to spend within the regions, such as states and provinces, and the home country of operation, excluding local spend.

Respecting human rights We believe respecting human rights and contributing to the positive realisation of rights is not only critical to the sustainable operation of our business, it is the right thing to do.

Respecting human rights is important to our ability to contribute meaningful and ongoing social value to our stakeholders.

Simply put, our success depends on how well we respect the rights of individuals and groups who interact with us and are impacted by our business.

We are committed to respecting internationally recognised human rights as set out in the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights, and operating in a manner consistent with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the 10 UN Global Compact Principles.

We recognise the potential for human rights exposures and risks in all jurisdictions and are committed to working broadly to promote respect through stakeholder engagement, collaboration, advocacy and public policy.

We engage with and respond to civil society, communities, investors and other stakeholder groups on issues related to our business and strive for transparency in all our interactions.

In FY2019, we collaborated with external stakeholders through business and industry groups, human rights organisations and government representatives on the progression of the corporate responsibility to respect human rights.

Managing human rights risks The most relevant human rights to BHP are those specific to our business and of vulnerable or marginalised groups impacted by our operations.

We recognise our accountability for continually assessing the human rights landscape, including those indirect impacts that may be contributed to by our activities.

Governance of human rights Our Code of Conduct sets the standards of behaviour and human rights commitments for our people, as well as our contractors, suppliers and others who perform work for BHP. The commitments in Our Code of Conduct are implemented through mandatory minimum human rights performance requirements in the Our Requirements standards and through our policy statements.

Human rights are also integrated into BHP’s Risk Framework through these standards.

Our Board’s Sustainability Committee assists with governance and monitoring of our approach, overseeing health, safety, environmental, community (HSEC) and other human rights matters.

This includes the adequacy of the systems in place to identify and manage HSEC related risks, legal and regulatory compliance and overall performance.

We are continuing to build our understanding of the human rights risks across all our activities and we have an active program of embedding enhancements to our approach.

We consolidated our existing human rights commitments and management approaches in FY2019 into a Group wide policy statement.

This action reflects Principle 16 of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

The Statement has been developed in consultation with Shift (a non profit organisation that provides guidance on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights), BHP employees, the Global Business Initiative (a business and human rights cross industry member group) and other key external human rights stakeholders and experts.

Human rights due diligence and risk management Human rights due diligence is one of the methods we use, in accordance with the Our Requirements standards, to identify, seek to prevent and mitigate adverse human rights impacts.

This also helps to identify new opportunities for BHP to bolster human rights and support communications externally to stakeholders about BHP’s human rights risks and contributions.

The inclusion of human rights in our global Risk Framework allows us to identify risks specific to a particular activity and also risks that are of a strategic and or emerging nature, and to apply required controls at a site, functional and Group level.

With the establishment of our new Group Risk Architecture (refer to the Our sustainability approach section), human rights is a key risk indicator within the environment, climate change and community Group risk category.

For information on our Risk Framework, risk factors and management approach, refer to our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

The Our Requirements standards require assets to complete a human rights impact assessment at least every three years (and review it whenever there are changes that may affect the impact profile).

If a material human rights risk is found, a Human Rights Management Plan must be developed.

A new globally consistent approach to human rights impact assessments was developed in FY2019 to enable a more comprehensive understanding of our human rights exposures across our assets and functions.

The new methodology will be mandated under the Our Requirements standards.

Following pilot programs in select locations, we expect this approach to be implemented across our assets by the end of FY2020.

We are working closely with our Risk function to further integrate the learnings from these assessments into our broader risk assessments.

Using the new Risk Framework, in FY2019 human rights risks were assessed in functional, exploration and project risk assessments.

This includes inputs into a risk assessment for exploration activities in Ecuador and a human rights and Indigenous peoples' assessment for activities in Mexico.

The Our Requirements standards also require human rights risks to be taken into account regarding decisions on acquisitions and divestments, new activities in high risk countries and major projects to include the consideration of human rights and community impacts in their risk based approach.

A human rights risk assessment was conducted on our global inbound supply chain in FY2019.

Nine cross functional teams across eight global locations participated in the two day session.

Behaviour resulting in human rights abuse by a direct or indirect supplier within BHP’s supply chain was identified as a material risk to the business.

Controls at both a functional and Group level have been identified and assigned.

Security We seek to manage security according to our values, risk profiles and business requirements.

This involves reviewing our alignment with the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights annually and completing improvement plans to address any gaps.

There were no significant security related incidents with possible human rights implications recorded in FY2019.

Stakeholder engagement We engage regularly with investors, civil society, communities, Indigenous stakeholders, human rights experts and industry associations to understand current social expectations, trends and perceptions relating to human rights and the real and perceived impacts of our operations on communities.

Capacity building and collaboration In FY2019, a high level, broad based human rights training video was designed to prompt employees to consider relevant human rights, understand the business case for respecting human rights and the necessary processes designed to implement our human rights commitments across the business.

The training will be rolled out to relevant members of our workforce in FY2020.

We continue to be members of the Global Business Initiative and Shift, and have engaged both organisations to provide guidance on the development of our Human Rights Policy Statement and training video.

Members of our operational and functional teams regularly participate in peer learning opportunities relating to the implementation of human rights principles in business.

Setting requirements for our suppliers We are taking a multi year, systemic approach to integrating human rights due diligence for our supply chain process.

This approach will allow us to align, formalise, continuously review and deepen our understanding and assessment of suppliers.

At the centre of our approach is engagement with our direct suppliers to assess and encourage continuous improvement in their own capacity to manage human rights risks (including modern slavery) in their subcontractors and broader supply chain.

Our FY2019 UK Modern Slavery Act Statement provides a detailed overview of our approach to managing human rights risks relating to modern slavery and trafficking in our supply chain and operations.

The Statement is prepared under the UK Modern Slavery Act (2015) and is available online at bhp.com.

Modern slavery legislation The Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 took effect from January 2019.

BHP’s first statement under this legislation will be published for FY2020 by 31 December 2020.

We engaged with the Australian Government throughout the consultation period of the legislation’s development, through direct engagement with the Department of Home Affairs and through the Global Compact Network Australia and the Business Council of Australia.

We also provided input to the Minerals Council of Australia’s submission on the Government’s draft Guidance for Reporting Entities about the legislation.

We continue to review best practice and work with the Global Compact Network Australia to ensure we are prepared for the new reporting requirement.

We continue to improve our understanding and management of modern slavery and human trafficking risks in our supply chain, and identify opportunities to work with other businesses, suppliers and regulators to seek to eradicate modern slavery from global supply chains.

Indigenous peoples For BHP, Indigenous peoples are critical partners and stakeholders in many of our operations.

Globally, many of our operations are located on or near traditional Indigenous lands and the long term nature of our operations allows us to establish lasting relationships with the Indigenous communities in which we operate and those neighbouring our operations.

We respect the rights of Indigenous peoples and the special connection they often have with the land, water and natural environment, and we understand that this connection can be spiritual, reaching beyond tangible objects or locations.

We recognise that we must work alongside Indigenous peoples, building trust, meaningful engagement and genuine understanding of their views and interests.

We acknowledge that in the past we have not always listened as well as we could have, and our activities have had impacts on Indigenous peoples, culture, places and connection to country.

Incorporating Indigenous voices into our activities strengthens our ability to positively contribute to the full realisation of the rights of Indigenous peoples.

Indigenous Peoples Strategy Our Code of Conduct outlines the expectation to recognise the traditional rights of Indigenous peoples and acknowledges their right to maintain their culture, identity, traditions and customs.

BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement articulates our approach to engagement and support for Indigenous peoples and our commitment to the ICMM Indigenous Peoples Position Statement.

Our Indigenous Peoples Strategy guides the implementation of our Policy Statement.

For information on our Strategy, refer to our website at bhp.com.

The GIPWG met regularly throughout FY2019 to discuss regional activities, global trends and issues of relevance to the implementation of the Indigenous Peoples Strategy.

BHP Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement BHP aims to be a partner of choice for Indigenous peoples through which our relationships contribute to their economic empowerment, social development needs and cultural wellbeing.

Indigenous peoples will derive significant and sustainable benefit from BHP operations through the effective governance and management of land access, cultural heritage, agreement making and benefit distribution processes.

BHP will contribute to improved quality of life for Indigenous peoples through voluntary social investment, promotion of Indigenous culture and building the Indigenous cultural awareness of our workforce.

BHP will contribute to the economic empowerment of Indigenous peoples through providing opportunities for employment, training, procurement and Indigenous enterprise support.

BHP will contribute to specific initiatives, programs and public policy processes that advance the interests of Indigenous peoples consistent with the BHP Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement.

South America In Chile, engagement and dialogue with Indigenous peoples has been a fundamental element of ongoing operations and the development of the Indigenous Peoples Plan for South America.

In April 2019, BHP publicly released our FY2019 FY2023 South American Indigenous Peoples Plan in San Pedro de Atacama, Chile, attended by key Indigenous stakeholders.

The plan focuses on opportunities for advocacy and strengthening opportunities for Indigenous employment.

It defines the vision in each of the four pillars of BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Strategy, incorporates BHP’s global commitments, identifies and seeks to address current gaps in our approach and considers our local context, and the history and evolution of the Indigenous peoples in South America, particularly those in the areas where our activities are located.

The plan is the first of its kind by a mining company in Chile.

It establishes a platform of participation, dialogue and governance with Indigenous peoples in South America, helping us to ensure our activities on Indigenous lands are sustainable and built on open and transparent engagement.

To complement the consultation requirements of environmental assessments and agreement making, we have developed a voluntary dialogue and participation process with Indigenous stakeholders in Chile.

The process prioritises truth telling, building relationships based on trust and mutual respect, and enabling impacted Indigenous peoples to make informed decisions through their traditional decision making processes.

Ultimately, we aim to build an agreement making process that is transparent and allows Indigenous peoples to participate in the environmental management of the operation and strengthen the socio environmental management of their traditional territory.

Regional Indigenous Peoples Plans In FY2019, each of our regions had an active Indigenous Peoples Plan that operationalised the Indigenous Peoples Strategy across our regions.

Each plan is aligned with the Indigenous Peoples Strategy and prioritises the local and regional context and operational footprint and relevant Indigenous stakeholders.

Minerals Australia Minerals Australia continued to make good progress against the 2017 2020 Elevate Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), the document that gives effect to BHP’s Indigenous Peoples Strategy in Australia.

The RAP is an external framework that encourages national reconciliation.

Continued efforts to adopt a consistent approach across Minerals Australia based on successful asset based Indigenous peoples strategies saw improvement in performance areas, such as Indigenous procurement, Indigenous employment and agreement making.

In FY2019, a national cultural heritage plan was implemented to improve efficiencies and best practice in managing cultural heritage across our Minerals Australia activities.

We also completed Native Title negotiations with the Tjwarl in FY2019, for the Nickel West expansion.

To support the economic empowerment of Indigenous peoples across Minerals Australia, in FY2019 we implemented strategies to increase Indigenous procurement and content.

Through our Local Buying Program, we have been able to identify specific opportunities or carve outs’ for Indigenous businesses and build a targeted approach to increasing the number of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander registered suppliers.

We have seen an increase of over 40 per cent in direct Indigenous contracting spend across Minerals Australia between FY2018 and FY2019, as a result of these initiatives.

We are committed to ensuring that Traditional Owner businesses share in the value generated by activities conducted on native title land or adjacent to their communities and will continue to build strategies to increase opportunities.

North America The primary interaction with Indigenous peoples in North America is through the Jansen Potash Project in Canada and several US closed sites.

Petroleum has no direct interaction with Indigenous peoples in the United States.

The Jansen Potash Project has an established program with First Nations people connected to the Project.

Opportunity Agreements to fund community development programs have been established with five of the six First Nations groups.

Engagement activities have commenced with six First Nations groups in relation to the Jansen Outbound Logistics project.

Promoting Indigenous culture and building the Indigenous cultural awareness of our workforce is critical to building relationships based on trust and respect, which not only upholds Our Charter values, but also contributes to the improved quality of life for Indigenous peoples.

The Jansen Potash Project has been running Aboriginal Awareness training for all Jansen employees since 2012, which is mandatory for all employees and made available to contractor leaders.

The primary objectives of the training are to build respect and integrity between Indigenous and non Indigenous people.

The training program teaches the unpleasant history of Indigenous peoples in Canada, addresses stereotypes that can impact relationships with Indigenous peoples, seeks to remove bias and improves employee understanding when engaging with Indigenous people or businesses.

BHP has taken a leadership stance when it comes to our relationships with Indigenous peoples in Saskatchewan.

We have developed new initiatives and approaches that have created positive outcomes in our relationships with First Nations and Metis people, and encouraged improved practice across the industry and government in the region.

Indigenous employment In FY2019, we consolidated our efforts across our global operations to provide employment opportunities in communities where we operate.

In Minerals Australia, Indigenous employment within our overall workforce increased from 4.4 per cent to 5 per cent (1,090 to 1,168), our as we aim to achieve 5.75 per cent by the end of FY2020.

Twenty per cent of all apprentices were Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and there were positive outcomes through our Indigenous leadership programs (refer to Developing our capabilities in the our People section).

In FY2020, the Minerals Australia Indigenous Employment Plan will focus on opportunities for Traditional Owners and establish skill development initiatives that assist the transition into roles that support automation.

In North America, we have focused on working with our contracting partners to support the employment of First Nations and Metis people, who now comprise 9 per cent of our workforce at the Jansen Potash Project.

Chile has implemented a number of initiatives that will result in formal performance reporting in FY2020.

As part of our historic agreement with the Tjiwarl people in the Northern Goldfields region in Western Australia, signed on 1 November 2018, BHP committed to provide a minimum of 10 positions to suitable Tjiwarl candidates either with Nickel West directly or one of our major contracting partners in the first 12 months of the agreement.

BHP worked with the Tjiwarl community to establish a program to develop work skills leading to employment.

The first 10 week Work Readiness Program, run in partnership with Chandler Macleod (a labour hire vendor) and Carey Training (an Indigenous Registered Training Company), saw 12 students complete a Certificate II in Resource and Construction Industry and three weeks of work experience at a Nickel West site.

Seven of these graduates will shortly commence employment, along with nine other Tjiwarl people who have secured employment through the usual recruitment processes.

Public engagement Public advocacy and leadership are important components of the Minerals Australia strategy.

After significant reflection and consultation with critical stakeholders, in January 2019, our CEO Andrew Mackenzie announced BHP’s support for the Uluru Statement from the Heart.

As part of this support, BHP committed to a number of activities in support of the areas of voice, treaty and truth key themes from the Uluru Statement from the Heart.

Our global workforce is the foundation of our business.

Supporting their wellbeing and promoting an inclusive and diverse culture are vital for maintaining a competitive advantage.

We employ over 72,000 employees and contractors globally.

We are committed to investing in our people so they have the right skills and are supported by a healthy workplace culture that is inclusive and collaborative.

We are committed to empowering our people to find safer, more creative and more efficient ways of working.

We continue to develop a culture based on trust and collaboration and give our people more say, new capabilities and tools, and new avenues for technology and innovation to support BHP’s transformation.

We provide competitive remuneration to reward employees for their expertise and commitment to our business strategy and long term success.

Our remuneration approach is designed to inspire our employees to embrace BHP’s core objectives and values.

Performance against key performance indicators linked to safety, productivity and culture drives our employees’ variable reward outcomes.

Building an enabled culture to support BHP’s transformation Our annual Engagement and Perception Survey (EPS) is an important tool to gauge our culture.

The overall results in FY2019 remained stable and showed we sustained the positive improvements achieved in FY2018, despite the changes that occurred across the business.

Our employees told us they feel proud to work at BHP and described the work environment as collaborative and inclusive.

They have the confidence to make decisions required to do their job well and believe they have opportunities for professional and personal development.

We have seen improvements in our EPS results related to equal opportunities at work for all employees, perceptions on how the leadership group communicates a vision of the future that is exciting, how leaders are managing change, and perceived opportunities for growth and development.

These are important indicators of people’s experiences at work.

The FY2019 results indicated we have more to do to continue to simplify our processes and make it easier for our team to perform their work.

Our focus for FY2020 will be to support our transformation initiatives and realise the benefits to our culture and people (for information on our transformation initiatives, refer to our Annual Report 2019).

We will continue to enable our people and address the obstacles that prevent them from doing their job well by simplifying processes and increasing technology capability.

We expect that further capability development of our employees in our new ways of working and continued development of our leaders will set up our people and the organisation for success.

Developing our capabilities We believe that the changing nature of work presents significant opportunity for BHP. Our approach is to invest in new skills, so our people are ready for the jobs of the future.

Over the past five years, we have invested in developing leadership capability, as these qualities are critical to guiding our people and navigating changes to the work environment.

Our Operational Leadership Program aims to develop the technical and operational leadership excellence of our operational general managers and to identify successors to senior leadership roles that drive operational value.

The program launched in FY2018 and was completed by 38 operational leaders in FY2019.

The Step Up to Leadership and Leading Value programs continue to drive our foundational leadership focus and in FY2019, 856 leaders completed the programs.

Our Maintenance Academy Program, introduced in FY2018, saw 39 maintenance managers work to broaden their technical knowledge, leadership capability and collaboration in FY2019.

We also focused in FY2019 on developing the leadership skills of our Indigenous employees through our Indigenous Development Program.

The program is designed to identify Indigenous employees with leadership potential, and to respond to issues identified as barriers to career progression.

By May 2019, 147 employees in Australia had completed the program.

Of the 97 employees that completed the program in the first half of 2019, 40 per cent have moved into new roles and 19 per cent have been promoted to leadership roles.

We are proud of our EPS results related to the performance of our leaders.

In particular, the results identified our leaders as strong in communicating the vision of BHP and leading their teams through significant change.

In FY2020, we expect to increase our focus on systems, processes, tools and behaviours to improve operational capability.

The BHP Operating System sets out the foundation for long term and in depth learning and development, by developing practices and capabilities that empower our people to pursue operating excellence.

Operations Services, which provides maintenance and production services across Minerals Australia, supports people to build their skills through coaching and by performing in field verifications.

This helps deliver consistent equipment operation and maintenance that balances safety, maximum productivity and equipment reliability.

Participants report a high sense of achievement as they leverage best practice from across BHP to help perfect their daily activities and accelerate productivity.

Inclusion and diversity We believe our people should have the opportunity to fulfil their potential and thrive in an inclusive and diverse workplace.

In our experience inclusion and diversity promotes safety, productivity and wellbeing within BHP and underpins our ability to attract new employees.

We employ, develop and promote people based on merit and our systems, processes and practices are designed to empower fair treatment.

We do not tolerate any form of unlawful discrimination, bullying or harassment.

Our employees are trained to recognise and mitigate potential bias towards any employee.

To help address gender pay disparities, we have taken steps to reduce potential bias in recruitment and conduct an annual gender pay review, the results of which are reported to the BHP Remuneration Committee.

Respect is one of our six core Our Charter values and we believe it is fundamental to building stronger teams, and being a truly inclusive and diverse workplace.

For some people in our business, this is not their experience of working at BHP.

We are determined to address this, so during FY2019 we began a Group wide campaign about respectful behaviour.

The aim is to create greater awareness and build understanding of what disrespectful behaviour is and how it affects our people.

We shared real life examples of how some people experience disrespectful behaviour at BHP, to highlight the current environment and generate conversations.

The campaign asks everyone to reflect on their own behaviours and what they see around them and ask Is that ok ’ We equipped leaders and employees with materials to help them have conversations about disrespectful behaviours, and take steps to address it.

We also launched a new eLearning module on inclusion and continue to develop additional resources for our people as we continue this critical initiative.

Further development of a culture of care within our business is a fundamental element of our FY2020 business plan.

Gender balance We have an aspirational goal to achieve gender balance globally by CY2025.

In FY2019 we increased the representation of women working at BHP by 2.1 per cent, resulting in 1,156 more female employees than the same time in FY2018.

Our overall representation of women is 24.5 per cent.

In FY2019, the percentage of people newly hired to work for BHP was 62.3 per cent male and 37.7 per cent female.

This female representation outcome is a marked increase when compared to FY2015 (10.4 per cent), the baseline for our aspirational goal.

Our growth projects have reported strong female representation.

For example, South Flank operational workforce in Western Australia has achieved 41 per cent female representation as at the end of FY2019.

For more information, read our case study Inclusion and diversity in Minerals Americas at bhp.com community case studies.

We have improved the voluntary turnover rate of women by 0.7 per cent, when compared to FY2018 the turnover of women (11.4 per cent) remains higher than the rate for men (10.3 per cent).

This methodology differs from the data reported in Performance data People, which is calculated based on the average of the number of employees at the last day of each calendar month for a 10 month period from July through to April and in accordance with our reporting requirement under the UK Companies Act 2006.

Indigenous employment In communities in which we operate, we aim to provide employment opportunities that contribute to sustainable social and economic benefits for Indigenous peoples.

For information on our approach to Indigenous employment and our performance to date, refer to the Indigenous peoples section.

LGBT inclusion We want to provide a safe, inclusive and supportive workplace for everyone at BHP.

Jasper is BHP’s employee inclusion group for our lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and others (LGBT ) community and its allies.

Inspired by the mineral rock jasper, which is known for its unique multi coloured patterns, the group was formally endorsed by BHP’s Global Inclusion and Diversity Council in 2017 and is sponsored by BHP Executive team member Laura Tyler.

Jasper’s aim is to drive a safe, inclusive and supportive work environment for everyone by providing advice on ways to reduce bias and ensure LGBT people are respected and valued irrespective of their sexual orientation, gender identity or intersex variability.

Since its formation in 2017, Jasper has grown to over 900 members.

We rolled out LGBT inclusion awareness and education sessions across all Minerals Australia operations in FY2019, with plans to extend to our operations and offices in FY2020.

We also continue to celebrate days of significance, including IDAHOBIT (International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia, Interphobia and Transphobia) and Wear It Purple Day (awareness day for young people).

Flexible working Flexible work supports the diversity and wellness of our workforce.

Some 41 per cent of our people worked flexibly in FY2019 and we continue to educate our workforce about flexible working at BHP.

We continue to challenge the mindset that flexibility is only available for office based employees, with a number of operations implementing flexible rosters and job share arrangements that assist employees both commuting long distances and living locally.

For example, the Crib Relief Program at BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA) changed the existing approach to truck crib relief by reducing the shift length for relief drivers to better align with school hours.

This helped unlock a new and more diverse talent pool that also increased the workforce’s local community representation.

It also helped improve workforce culture and morale as employees shared skills and knowledge with those new to the industry.

Working with suppliers We continue to work with our suppliers on ensuring their products and services are suitable for a diverse workforce, as well as encouraging diversity in their own work teams.

For example, at Olympic Dam in Australia, following a request by an employee of Muslim faith living at camp, we collaborated with our catering supplier to ensure the availability of halal food.

This helped ensure that appropriate food was available for all living at camp, as well as helping create a sense of one team among the workforce.

In FY2019, where practicable, we also introduced inclusion and diversity incentives into our supply contracts.

Employee relations The culture of care and trustful relationships is a fundamental principle of our employee relations strategy.

On 17 August 2018, Minera Escondida Limitada (Escondida) successfully completed negotiations with Union N 1 and signed a new collective agreement, effective for 36 months from 1 August 2018.

Our Charter values of Integrity, Respect, Performance, Simplicity and Accountability underpin how we do business.

We are committed to behaving ethically, being transparent and working with integrity and respect.

Our Charter values of Sustainability, Integrity, Respect, Performance, Simplicity and Accountability underpin how we do business and reinforce our commitment to ethical behaviour.

This commitment is based on our understanding of the transformational potential of sustainable natural resource development and our recognition that operating ethically and transparently is fundamental to harnessing that potential.

Transparency and accountability Transparency and accountability are fundamental to building trust.

BHP’s business model is premised on trust and public acceptance because our mines have long lifespans and cannot be moved across jurisdictions in response to a breakdown in trust, changing societal expectations or regulatory requirements.

We must earn the trust of our host communities and demonstrate our contribution to long term social value.

Our tax and royalty payments help governments fund healthcare, education, infrastructure and other essential services.

Conversely, corruption and poor governance of natural resources would divert funding from those basic provisions and diminish our contribution.

Our commitment to transparency Transparency principles of responsibility, openness, fairness and accountability underpinned a decision to become the first in our sector to disclose payments to governments on a project by project basis in 2015.

We continue to disclose our profit, number of employees and adjusted effective tax rates on a country by country basis.

We have a strong record of supporting robust reporting on climate change issues.

We were one of the first companies to report in accordance with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures in our Annual Report.

In FY2018, we released our inaugural report of our water risks and usage, and this year integrated FY2019 data into this Sustainability Report.

Water stewardship is not only critical to our operations, but is central to the resilience of our communities and environment.

Greater transparency around water requirements and usage will encourage governments, industry and communities to work together to safeguard our water supplies for future generations.

Encouraging a broader dialogue We work in partnership with Transparency International to contribute to the global transparency and anti corruption agenda.

BHP was a founding signatory in FY2018 to the Responsible Tax Principles of the B Team, a not for profit initiative formed by a global group of business leaders to catalyse a better way of doing business.

We are represented on the Board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI).

EITI requires its 51 implementing countries to develop road maps’ towards the establishment of beneficial ownership registers.

We also support and participate in OpenOwnership, the first public global database of company ownership information, and look for opportunities to encourage our suppliers and partners to do the same.

Disclosure of beneficial ownership reduces opportunities for corruption (via secret ownership interests) and helps ensure that company assets and income are fully disclosed to relevant regulatory bodies, such as revenue authorities, to promote compliance with taxation laws.

The BHP Foundation, a charitable foundation established and funded by BHP, complements our support of global transparency initiatives.

The Foundation’s Natural Resource Governance Global Signature Program aims to improve governance across the resources value chain, from consultation and consent processes before licences and contracts are awarded to citizen services and infrastructure funded by the payment of taxes and royalties.

The projects help to improve the visibility of funds associated with natural resources in the respective country.

BHP’s approach to transparency and tax is detailed in our Economic Contribution Report 2019 and is available online at bhp.com.

Our conduct We know consistent ethical behaviour cultivates loyalty and trust with each other and our stakeholders.

Every day, all of us at BHP work hard to uncover the resources that are the building blocks of an ever changing world.

While what we achieve is important so is how we achieve it.

How we work is guided by the core values in Our Charter.

They are Sustainability, Integrity, Respect, Performance, Simplicity and Accountability.

We are relentless in our pursuit of these values and they guide our decision making.

Our Code of Conduct (Our Code) brings them to life, reminds us why they are important and helps us understand what it means to work with those values as our guiding principle.

It strengthens our relationships, builds trust in the communities where we work and protects the social value we deliver.

Our Code sets the standard for our commitment to working with integrity and respect.

Our Code guides us in our daily work and demonstrates how to practically apply the commitments and values set out in Our Charter.

Acting in accordance with Our Code is a condition of employment for everyone who works for and on behalf of BHP, and is accessible to all our people and external stakeholders on our website.

Governance of Our Code Safe to speak up Our employees and those who work with us or who are associated with us should speak up if they see or hear something that contradicts Our Code.

Our Safe to Speak Up policy outlines BHP’s commitment to confidentiality and zero tolerance against retaliation.

We continue to strengthen our Safe to Speak Up policy, which aligns with the amendments to the Australian Corporations Act (with effect from 1 July 2019) that provides greater protection to those who speak up and report misconduct.

Our Code is not just for our employees and contractors we also want our external stakeholders to know how we expect our people to behave and to speak up about any conduct inconsistent with Our Code.

Employees and contractors can raise their concerns through a number of channels, including line leaders.

Anyone can lodge a report, including external stakeholders through EthicsPoint, a 24 hour, multilingual service for confidential reporting of potential misconduct.

We acknowledge, investigate as appropriate and document all matters reported.

Where matters are investigated and substantiated, we take appropriate remedial actions, advise the reporter (where possible) and document the outcome.

BHP does not tolerate any form of retaliation against anyone who speaks up about potential misconduct or participates in an investigation.

Complaints raised via EthicsPoint provide valuable insight into cultural issues and areas for organisational improvement.

Complaints are reported biannually to the Board’s Risk and Audit Committee by the Ethics and Compliance function.

In FY2019, we improved the EthicsPoint process, ethics reporting capability and the quality of investigations and investigations outcomes.

These changes will make the reporting more holistic and permit detailed reporting of ethical culture issues to management and the Board.

Anti corruption Corruption misallocates resources, reinforces poverty, undermines the integrity of government and community decision making and wastes opportunities that arise from resource development.

We are committed to contributing to the global fight against corruption and working with business, government and civil society to support this effort.

Our commitment to anti corruption compliance is embodied in Our Charter and Our Code.

We also have a specific anti corruption procedure that sets out mandatory requirements to identify and manage the risk of anti corruption laws being breached.

We prohibit authorising, offering, giving or promising anything of value directly or indirectly to a government official to influence official action, or to anyone to encourage them to perform their work disloyally or otherwise improperly.

We also require our people to take care that third parties acting on our behalf do not violate anti corruption laws.

A breach of these requirements can result in disciplinary action, including dismissal, or termination of contractual relationships.

Our Ethics and Compliance function has a mandate to design and govern BHP’s compliance frameworks for key compliance risks, including anti bribery and corruption.

The function is independent of our assets and asset groups, and comprises teams that are co located in our main global locations and a specialised Compliance Legal team.

The Chief Compliance Officer reports twice a year to the Risk and Audit Committee and separately to the Committee Chairman, also twice a year.

Our anti corruption compliance program is designed to meet the requirements of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, the Australian Criminal Code and applicable laws of all places where we do business.

These laws are consistent with the standards of the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions.

We regularly review our anti corruption compliance program to make any changes required by regulatory developments.

In addition to anti corruption training as part of annual training on Our Code, additional risk based anti corruption training was completed by 9,374 employees in FY2019, as well as numerous employees of business partners and community partners.

More information on our anti corruption compliance program (including risk assessments, training and communication) is available online at bhp.com anticorruption.

Training in Our Code As in previous years, we deliver annual training for employees and contractors where required in mandatory annual training plans to help them clearly understand Our Code and the standards of behaviour that are acceptable at BHP.

In FY2019, 38,587 people completed Our Code training.

We are also rolling out further awareness training on how to treat and manage complaints for line leaders to improve timely, effective and respectful handling of complaints, as well as safe to speak up culture.

Our CEO frequently raises the importance of culture within BHP in his monthly CEO messages.

In FY2019, we ran a Disrespectful Behaviours campaign to increase awareness about behaviours that are not consistent with Our Charter values.

The campaign was designed to stimulate conversations about what constitutes disrespectful behaviours, why they exist and how to stop these behaviours.

The campaign appears to have been effective in raising awareness of these issues as demonstrated by a 38 per cent increase in harassment and bullying cases raised in EthicsPoint and a doubling of the behaviour related concerns in EthicsPoint in FY2019 compared to FY2018.

Investigations, governance and reporting With culture at the centre of key strategic priorities, we have many initiatives to improve our policies, procedures and practices, building on changes we have already delivered.

Officer and comprised of senior leaders across the Health, Safety and Environment Risk Internal Audit Legal and Ethics and Compliance functions, with accountability for oversight of the operational effectiveness of the Investigations Framework, including oversight of investigations completed by the Central Investigations team.

Water Accounting Framework to ICMM’s Water Reporting guidelines in 2019 and ongoing improvements in data quality.

In some instances the sum of totals for quality, source and destination may differ due to rounding.

All water performance data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US).

Disclosure: Response to the Church of England Pensions Board and Council on Ethics Swedish National Pension Funds (June 2019) at https: www.bhp.com media documents environment 2019 190607_coe.pdf la en.

Production figures used are consistent with energy and emissions reporting boundaries (i.e.

Our Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the market based method using supplier specific emissions factors, in line with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance.

Our market based Scope 2 emissions were 5.0 Mt CO2 e which compares to 5.1 Mt CO2 e if calculated using the location based method.

A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases and this may result in double counting between electricity consumers.

Scope 3 emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of the commodities we produce and consume.

A significant example of this is that Scope 3 emissions reported under the Processing of sold products’ category include the processing of our iron ore to steel.

This third party activity also consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us.

For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is accounted for under two categories.

This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting between the different scopes defined under standard GHG accounting practices and is not considered to detract from the overall value of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure.

This double counting means that the emissions reported under each category should not be added up, as to do so would give an inflated total figure.

For this reason we do not report a total Scope 3 emissions figure.

Further details of the calculation methodologies, assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3 emissions data can be found in the associated Scope 3 calculation methodology document available online at bhp.com climate.

Processing of nickel, zinc, gold, silver, ethane and uranium oxide is not currently included, as production volumes are much lower than iron ore and copper and a large range of possible end uses apply.

Processing refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered immaterial compared to the end use product combustion reported in the Use of sold products’ category.

This third party activity also consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us.

For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is accountable for under two categories.

BHP Water sensitivity assessment The following table provides a detailed summary of our water sensitivity assessment and the degree (high, moderate or low) to which an asset is sensitive to a range of water influencing factors.

Gassert, F., M. Luck, M. Landis, P. Reig, and T. Shiao.

Aqueduct Global Maps 2.1: Constructing Decision Relevant Global Water Risk Indicators.

Available online at wri.org publication aqueduct global maps 21 indicators.

Detailed significant water related risks This table provides further details on BHP’s significant water related risks, potential impacts and controls.

For a summary of BHP’s water related risks by asset see the Our water related risks section of this report.

Catchment level risks are influenced by the physical, environmental, socio political, water resource and regulatory settings of our operations, the activities of other water users and present and past impacts from our operations.

Most of our assets are exposed to risks associated with cumulative impacts to shared water resources.

BHP acknowledges and seeks to include the cultural and spiritual values associated with water resources, especially to Indigenous communities, in consideration of this risk.

While BHP does not have the ability to directly manage all catchment risks, we need to maintain a focus on management of our contribution to the risk and commit to participate in ongoing catchment governance.

Climate change can heighten existing physical water risks and introduce new ones.

For example, it may increase the intensity of extreme weather events, such as flooding and drought.

Over the longer term, reduced rainfall can create water security issues, while worsening excess water management challenges for others.

Operations that are closing, have closed, or are under care and maintenance’ can have water quality (within the BHP footprint and beyond) or water accumulation issues.

Potential impacts to the community from BHP’s access to and use of water resources within the catchment include reduced water supply to communities, aesthetic impacts to recreational use for water or contamination of water sources with potential reduction in supply and availability for community water use.

Ineffective catchment governance and regulation can compound these risks.

The impacts to the environment may include changes to natural groundwater levels, changes to stream flows, water quality issues in ground, surface or marine environments, reduced pressure in groundwater aquifers that, in turn, may affect the biodiversity, habitats and species that rely on the water sources.

Environmental impacts can contribute to community conflict and cause regulatory breaches, legal liability and reputational impacts.

They can also alter the spiritual value of water water features to Indigenous groups and impact the value of water resource for future generations.

They may have longer term financial implications and threaten our business model, including our ability to expand or develop new resources.

Unsustainable use of the water resource may impact production and a lack of understanding of the water resource may fail to provide transparency to the operations on the long term water management limitations and opportunities.

The cumulative impacts resulting from multiple uses within a catchment may exacerbate the community and environmental impacts discussed above.

Climate change can affect near and long term business performance and create a risk of early asset closure.

Climate change effects may significantly increase the risk of other water related risks, such as management of excess water, water access for BHP and others, sea level rise, coastal erosion, storm tide inundation and affects from increased extreme weather events.

Ineffectively managed closure water risks may adversely affect the environment, communities and our business.

Controls to manage the impact to the water resource, including the environmental and community impacts, include ongoing and regular stakeholder engagement to ensure effective collaboration, compliance with water allocation permits, targets for reduced freshwater use, participation in catchment level reviews, assessments to understand and improve technical knowledge, challenges and interactions at a catchment level, ongoing monitoring and measurement of water (quality, quantity, baseline and reference characteristics of water resource and movements), water recovery or source substitution, integration of water management practices into asset business planning, identification and where feasible implementation of opportunities for reduced water use and, where practical, ongoing monitoring of flora and fauna and other indicators of environmental health.

Human rights impact assessments are also conducted to understand potential community risks and impacts.

For more information on engaging with communities, refer to the Society section.

Ongoing assessment is conducted of baseline conditions at a catchment level and the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of our operations on this.

Climate change science must be factored into this assessment.

For more information on the Our Requirements standards, refer to the Environment section.

Our water stewardship strategy is inclusive of a collective action and a disclosure work stream, both of which focus on water governance and collaborating with host communities, governments, industry peers and other stakeholders.

Controls for climate related water risks can be similar to those for water excess, security and extreme weather events.

For more information on our approach to climate change, refer to the Climate change section.

Effective closure planning is an important control across BHP.

The closure plans consider issues such as pit void lake formations, acidic and metalliferous drainage and saline water accumulation and potential impact to both surface and groundwater.

For legacy assets, controls may also be similar to those for excess water, extreme weather and water quality risks.

For more information on our approach to closure, refer to the Environment section.

For more information on the financial provisions relating to closure liabilities, refer to our Annual Report 2019, available online at bhp.com.

Compliance Our assets operate in medium to strong regulatory environments for water and regulation compliance requires constant vigilance.

Non compliances could result in minor infringements through to financial penalties or enforcement orders or proceedings.

This can potentially impact geotechnical stability and safety, water supply, excess water management, the environment, communities and production.

We need to continually monitor and, where required, improve our compliance with all water regulatory requirements.

We also engage with regulators to understand their priorities and how regulatory requirements apply to our assets and at a catchment level.

Ongoing dialogue takes place with regulatory authorities to address any existing non compliances regarding surface water and groundwater.

Controls for dewatering include mine planning, maintaining an operational and predictive water balance, defining dewatering and depressurisation targets, monitoring and reviewing performance metrics, environmental impact assessments, managing excess surplus water (such as the re injection of excess water to local aquifers, where possible) and ongoing hydrology assessments to inform planning.

Extreme weather events may contribute to production, environmental, community and reputational impacts.

For example, ineffective management during drought conditions may constrain production due to limitations on water availability.

Ineffective management of excess water has the potential to impact geotechnical stability and safety, prevent site access, cause injuries due to flooding and impact the environment, communities and production.

Forecasting and monitoring of extreme weather events is important in assisting timely and appropriate management.

Other preventative controls include design criteria for surface water infrastructure (including extreme weather events analysis) and building integrity within the infrastructure.

Mitigating controls include emergency preparedness, communications systems and adequately trained staff.

For example, all assets test the effectiveness of emergency preparedness for extreme weather events by undertaking regular emergency drills that include external agencies, such as regional fire and police as well as internal BHP resources.

Due to regional differences in marine ecosystems and potential cumulative impacts, the type and extent of the impacts to the marine environment for each of our operations may be different.

Controls for hydrocarbon containment include pressure relief systems, engineering design specifications, operational procedures, passive protection and bunding.

Mitigating controls include communication and emergency systems.

These may include biodiversity and community impacts from catastrophic impacts, which may arise from a Petroleum loss of containment risk to chronic impacts if, for example, discharges are not effectively managed.

Brine discharges at desalination facilities may result in the alteration of marine ecosystems.

To minimise impacts associated with smaller discharges in marine environments, treatment, sediment, erosion and other collection and or treatment systems are utilised.

Controls for desalination and port operations include ongoing maintenance of critical equipment, monitoring and technical studies and stakeholder engagement.

Impacts arising from the ineffective management of tailings facilities can range from production impacts to catastrophic impacts to employees, communities and the environment, with flow on financial and reputational impacts.

Following the Fund o tailings dam failure, BHP has sought to enhance our tailings management, governance and risk assessment processes and contribute to raising industry wide standards generally.

For more information, refer to the Tailings dams section.

Many of BHP’s ore bodies are located below the natural groundwater level and to access the ore we need to pump water.

Dewatering is an important mine production enabling activity to both enable access to ore in the case of ore located below the water table or enable access to ore by supporting pit stability.

Extreme weather can cause drought, snow or flood events and may arise from acute or chronic climate cycles.

Marine ecosystems are susceptible to impacts resulting from changes to the physical (e.g. temperature and pH) and chemical (metal, hydrocarbon concentrations) parameters of the water body.

Ineffective management of tailings facilities can pose risks due to catastrophic failure, seepage and inefficient water management.

The remote nature of many of our operations means BHP is often the supplier of water to our workforce for drinking and sanitation, and the manager of effluent.

This role sometimes extends to neighbouring communities.

Wherever we do this we are committed to providing access to safe and reliable drinking water (potable water) and appropriate sanitation and hygiene facilities.

Ineffective controls may result in illness and potential fatalities, which could disrupt our operations and have financial and reputational impacts.

Our operations also have the potential to affect the cultural and spiritual values associated with water resources.

Insufficient or poorly maintained water infrastructure is central to the security of supply and other water related risks.

The inability for water infrastructure to supply the required quantity or quality of water necessary for our assets can result in losses in production and impacts to the long term viability of our operations.

Water quality Water quality risks may occur from runoff or seepage (from exposed ground, pit slopes, waste rock), infiltration from water, tailings and process facilities, infrastructure, and increases in salinity due to long term storage of water.

A continuous and sustainable water supply is critical to our operations.

Location and climate impact water availability and supply.

For example, availability has been a risk at our NSW Energy Coal asset in the Hunter region of eastern Australia due to extended periods of below average rainfall.

Changes to the quality of water that runs through or under an operation can affect the surrounding groundwater resources and streams.

This can affect other water users and the environment.

Changes in water quality can also constrain production, or result in water accumulation over time (due to discharge restrictions), which makes extreme rainfall events more challenging.

This risk can persist for years after mining activity has ceased.

The inability to secure water access can constrain production, affect the environment, create community concerns about water availability and have regulatory, legal and financial implications.

Specific to the provision of drinking water, understanding the baseline quality of the water we receive, the performance of our treatment plants and monitoring the water produced are WASH priorities.

Other controls also include appropriate infrastructure, qualified operators, sampling and exception reports and responses, maintenance strategies, emergency response and business continuity planning.

Human rights impact assessments (HRIAs) are a control that assess both direct impacts to the workforce and communities, as well as potential impacts to other human rights, such as Indigenous, spiritual and cultural rights.

All assets are required to undertake HRIAs and these are reviewed regularly.

For more information on human rights at BHP, refer to the Society section.

Controls include design and construction to internal and external standards, inspections and maintenance of infrastructure, operating within set parameters, monitoring and response.

Regular maintenance of water infrastructure, such as treatment plants, pipelines and tanks is critical to ensure that water is adequate for our assets, both in quantity and quality.

Management of water quality risks requires an understanding of what contributes to changes in water quality, how this may affect sensitive receptors within the environment and or communities, and the appropriate management measures required.

Controls include avoiding contact with substances that may impact water quality, minimising any impacts through treatment and monitoring of water quality outcomes so that the effectiveness of controls is understood and can be reviewed as appropriate.

An adequate understanding of technical aspects of the water resource, hydrological conditions and or long term changes in water availability and management is critical to ensure ongoing supply.

In addition, understanding demand through water balances, predictive modelling and monitoring, is central for effective water security.

Many of the controls in place for the management of catchment risk are applied for management of water security risks.

Refer to the controls listed for catchment risk above.

We seek to use lower quality water where feasible and recover and recycle water to reduce freshwater requirements.

Performance data Water This section provides detailed disclosure of our water performance across various water metrics.

It should be noted that for all data presented, Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) have been excluded.

Total water withdrawals for FY2019 across our operations increased relative to FY2018.

The increase was due to an increase in groundwater use at WAIO associated with dust suppression and ore processing, and an increase in the use of sea water due to increasing throughput of Escondida’s desalination plant.

While total water withdrawals for FY2019 were 352,950 megalitres, only 16 per cent was of Type 1 water quality.

Nearly half of our total water withdrawals now come from sea water.

Groundwater remained a significant input at 38 per cent in FY2019, driven by Escondida and WAIO.

This is expected to reduce as Escondida transitions to desalination.

Escondida, WAIO and Queensland Coal are the greatest terrestrial water users across our business.

WAIO has a high groundwater dependency compared to Queensland Coal, which has a higher surface water dependency (contributed to by rainfall).

Water discharges Water discharges includes water that has been used and discharged into a receiving water body.

This includes seepage from tailings dams to groundwater, discharges from operations to surface waters (which are also affected by periods of higher rainfall) and discharges to sea water.

Water we treat and then on supply to third parties is captured as a diversion consistent with ICMM Guidelines as it is not intended for operational purposes.

Water that is evaporated or entrained(2) is also excluded from discharges and instead reported under the water consumption category.

Total water discharges for FY2019 were 119,250 megalitres.

The majority of water discharges are to sea water at over 97 per cent, with Escondida and Petroleum being the largest contributors.

The increase in discharges to sea water between FY2017 and FY2019 is largely due to increased desalination at Escondida.

The second largest discharge volume is to surface water this is influenced by rainfall and results in discharges typically to riverine systems.

Approximately 40 per cent of our assets did not report any water that was used and subsequently discharged in FY2019.

In previous years, water used and discharged consisted of evaporated and entrained water.

This is now reported as consumption in line with ICMM Guidelines.

Water recycled reused During FY2019, the total volume of water recycled reused was 246,420 megalitres.

This represents a total efficiency of 61 per cent when compared to total withdrawals excluding sea water.

BHP has ongoing work to improve the accuracy of recycled and reused data.

Furthermore, BHP is assessing opportunities to improve efficiency of water use, as described in our Risk management can create opportunities section.

Water diversions FY2019 is the first year that BHP has disclosed diversions.

Diverted water is defined as water that is managed without any intention to be used for operations.

For example, this includes the water that is removed from below the water table at WAIO to access the ore but is returned to the environment and not consumed in operations.

Another example is when BHP withdraws water and treats it for use as drinking water by local communities, as Olympic Dam does for the town of Roxby Downs in South Australia.

In FY2019, 101,520 megalitres of water was withdrawn and diverted (not used for BHP operations) largely driven by the water that is treated by our Legacy assets in North America.

Water consumption Water consumption was previously reported as outputs.

With the move to using the ICMM Guidelines, consumption (the volume of water used by the site or operational facility and not returned to the water environment or a third party) is now a separate reporting category.

Data for evaporation and entrainment from the FY2017 and FY2018 reporting periods has been moved to the consumption category in order to allow representative year on year comparisons.

Evaporation and entrainment(1) were the most significant contributors to consumption in FY2019, representing over 90 per cent of total consumption.

The category of other’ for consumption includes water consumed, for example as a result of potable water consumption at operations.

This increased focus on consumption will assist with increased and improved data for entrainment and evaporation and assist with identifying opportunities to reduce, where possible, losses such as those associated with evaporation.

Entrainment of water in tailings is the largest contributor to consumption at Escondida whereas evaporation is the key driver of consumption at WAIO and Queensland Coal.

All water withdrawn at our Petroleum assets was either discharged or diverted.

BHP asset level water data summary(1)(2) FY2019 water performance data excludes Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets).

In some instances the sum of totals for quality, source and destination may differ due to rounding.

There is no significant seasonal variation in employment numbers.

Additionally, in FY2019, 1,609 employees made use of parental leave, of which 38.39 per cent were women and 61.61 per cent were men.

Data on return to work is not reported due to methodology limitations and will be addressed in future reports.

In FY2019, 282 senior leaders comprised the top people in the organisation.

There were 15 Directors of subsidiary companies who are not senior leaders, comprising 11 men and 4 women.

Therefore, for UK law purposes, the total number of senior managers was 227 men and 70 women (24 per cent women) in FY2019.

In FY2019, 90 per cent of our people worked in their country of nationality, including 63 per cent of our senior leaders.

Senior leaders are defined as organisational levels A D. A number of our assets have practices to hire people from the local community.

The highest paid individual in each significant region has been excluded from the median determination.

The highest paid individuals in each region with the exception of Europe and North America, did not receive a salary increase in FY2019.

Salary increases do not include promotional increases.

Individuals classified as entry level are those in an Operator and General Support role, and have been with the organisation for less than one year.

Europe does not have any employees in Operators and General Support roles who have been with the organisation for less than one year in FY2019.

Minimum wage is determined for all locations except for Singapore and Switzerland, as they do not have a Minimum wage mandated by the government.

A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation Our Conclusions Limited Assurance Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that suggest that BHP’s Sustainability Report including Asset Level Water Stewardship disclosures for the year ended 30 June 2019 (the Report) have not been prepared in accordance with the Criteria defined below.

Reasonable Assurance In our opinion, the Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, as reported in BHP’s Sustainability Report are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined below.

What our assurance covered Ernst Young (EY) was engaged by BHP to provide limited assurance over the following information in accordance with the noted criteria: What we assured What we assured it against (Criteria) BHP’s FY19 Sustainability Report International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM) Sustainable Development Framework Subject Matters 1 to 4 Management’s own publicly disclosed criteria Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards BHP’s Sustainability policies and other disclosures ICMM Sustainable Development Principles and mandatory position statements (Subject Matter 1) BHP’s identification and reporting of its material risks and opportunities ICMM Subject Matter 2 BHP’s implementation of systems and approaches to manage its material risks and opportunities ICMM Subject Matter 3 Water stewardship reporting in BHP’s FY19 Sustainability Report, at an asset level ICMM Standard: A Practical Guide to Consistent Water Reporting In addition, we were engaged by BHP to provide reasonable assurance over the following information in accordance with the noted criteria: What we assured What we assured it against (Criteria) Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions World Resource Institute World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol BHP’s Basis of Preparation Key responsibilities EY’s responsibility and independence Our responsibility was to express limited and reasonable assurance conclusions on the noted subject matter as defined in the what we assured’ column in the tables above (Subject Matter).

We were also responsible for maintaining our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including independence, and have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.

BHP’s responsibility BHP’s management was responsible for selecting the Criteria, and preparing and fairly presenting information presented in the Report in accordance with that Criteria.

This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, adequate records and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.

Our approach to conducting the review We conducted our procedures in accordance with the International Federation of Accountants' International Standard for Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000), the Standard for Assurance on Greenhouse Gas Statements (ISAE 3410) and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with BHP on 4 September 2018.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgement and included, but were not limited to, the following: Interviewing select corporate and site personnel to understand the reporting process at group, business, asset and site level, including management’s processes to identify BHP’s material issues Reviewing BHP policies and management standards to determine alignment with the ICMM’s 10 SD principles and position statements Checking the Report to understand how BHP’s identified material risks and opportunities are reflected within the qualitative disclosures Evaluating whether the information disclosed in the Report is consistent with our understanding of sustainability management and performance at BHP Evaluating the suitability and application of the Criteria and that the Criteria have been applied appropriately to the Subject Matter Conducting physical site visits at select BHP locations to evidence site level data collection and reporting to Group as well as to identify completeness of reported water and emission sources Undertaking analytical procedures of the quantitative disclosures in the Report Reviewing data, information or explanation about the sustainability performance data and statements included in the Report On a judgemental sample basis, reperforming calculations to check accuracy of claims in the Report On a sample basis, based on our professional judgement, agreeing claims to source information to check accuracy and completeness of claims, which included invoices, incident reports, meter calibration records, and meter data For our reasonable assurance scope, selecting key item and representative sampling, based on statistical audit sampling tables and agreeing claims to source information to check accuracy and completeness of claims, which included invoices, meter calibration records and meter data.

We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable and limited assurance conclusions.

Other Matters We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information relating to prior reporting periods, including those presented in the Report.

Our report does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by BHP relating to case studies and future performance plans and or strategies disclosed in the Report.

While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.

Our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within IT systems.

Limited and Reasonable Assurance Procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.

Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.

While our procedures performed for our reasonable assurance engagement are of a higher level of assurance, due to the use of sampling techniques, it is not a guarantee that it will always detect material misstatements.

Use of our Assurance Statement We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons other than management and the Directors of BHP, or for any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.

Our review included web based information that was available via web links as of the date of this statement.

We provide no assurance over changes to the content of this web based information after the date of this assurance statement.

South Africa BHP Group Plc Branch Register and Transfer Secretary Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Limited Rosebank Towers 15 Biermann Avenue Rosebank 2196, South Africa Postal address PO Box 61051 Marshalltown 2107 Telephone 27 11 373 0033 Facsimile 27 11 688 5217 Email enquiries: web.queries computershare.co.za Holders of shares dematerialised into Strate should contact their CSDP or stockbroker.

BHP produces a range of publications, which are available online at bhp.com.

If you are a shareholder, you can also elect to receive a paper copy of the Annual Report through one of the Share Registrars listed above.

Front cover image: Xanthorrhoea, grass tree up close.