AN INTEGRATED

APPROACH
TO ESG

November 2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS

04

10

Introduction

Governance

32

Social

■	 An Integrated 

Approach to ESG 

■	 Blackstone’s 

Approach to ESG

08

COVID-19

■	 Supporting Our People

■	 Mobilizing Blackstone 
Portfolio Companies

■	 Supporting Our 

Tenants and Residents

■	 Relief Efforts Across 

the Globe

■	 Industry Partnerships

■	 Career Pathways Program

■	 Our Integrated ESG Team

■	 Veterans Hiring Initiative

■	 Board of Directors

■	 Blackstone Charitable 

Foundation

■	 Human Capital 

Management Policies

■	 Diversity, Equity and 

Inclusion

■	 Training, Development  

and Benefits

42

Appendix

■	 Disclosures

■	 Endnotes

■	 Comprehensive 
Compliance

■	 BAAM ESG Initiatives 

■	 Privacy and Cybersecurity 

20

Environmental

■	 Leveraging Scale to 

Advance Sustainability 
Portfolio-Wide

■	 Active Decarbonization 

Efforts

■	 Reducing Real Estate 

Emissions

■	 Energy Efficiency in 

Blackstone Corporate 
Offices

■	 Thematic Investing in ESG

■	 Investing in Clean Energy 

Solutions

2                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

We view ESG as central to 

our mission of delivering 

strong returns for clients. 

Blackstone is using its 

scale and expertise to 

help strengthen our 

companies, assets and the 

communities in which 

they operate.

Jon Gray
President and Chief Operating Officer

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         3

An Integrated Approach to ESG

Blackstone believes that Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) principles 
are crucial to developing strong, resilient 
companies and assets that deliver long-
term value for our investors. We are 
committed to integrating ESG within 
our investment process and operating 
philosophy. Our investors — including 
over 100 million pensioners — and our 
shareholders alike benefit from this 
commitment.1

While ESG is a vast and growing field, we 
have chosen to prioritize decarbonization, 
diversity and good governance to create 
stronger companies and long-term 
value for our investors. We aim to lead 
by example and apply our insights to 
drive change across our portfolio. The 
power of our model is supported by 
strong operational interventions, led 
by our Portfolio Operations and Asset 
Management teams. 

While the last two years presented 
unprecedented challenges for so many, 
we are grateful that Blackstone’s people 
remained focused on delivering for our 
investors, including by advancing our ESG 
priorities. We are proud of the extensive 
safety measures we put in place during this 
time that enabled us to return to the office 
and be together. 

We have consciously accelerated our ESG 
initiatives, both within our firm and across 
our portfolio. At Blackstone, we have 
added considerable domain expertise, 
become a member of leading organizations 
such as Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI) to advance several 
priority ESG initiatives across our industry 
and started reporting on ESG progress 
to our board quarterly. We achieved 41 
percent female representation globally and 
49 percent racially diverse representation 

4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

in the US among our incoming analyst 
class. We refined the giving strategy of 
the Blackstone Charitable Foundation to 
expand our focus on economic opportunity 
and career mobility. We aim to provide a 
broader range of individuals with skill-
building opportunities while also mobilizing 
our resources to support COVID-19 relief. 
These accomplishments represent our 
ongoing commitment to fostering diversity 
and economic opportunity, not only within 
our portfolio companies but also at home. 

We have also partnered with portfolio 
companies to advance several important 
initiatives. Our dedicated sustainability 
team is hard at work operationalizing our 
15 percent emissions-reduction target, an 
aggregate, three-year goal that applies to 
investments where we control the energy 
usage.2 Leveraging Blackstone’s scale to 
spur these near-term results, we designed 
the program to help businesses attain 
measurable, cost-effective decarbonization 
and position themselves for the transition.

We’ve similarly made meaningful 
commitments on the social and 
governance fronts. We announced a target 
of at least one-third diverse representation 
on controlled portfolio company boards in 
the US and Europe, as we believe diversity 
of thought and experience builds better 
businesses.3,4 We launched our Career 
Pathways pilot program, creating economic 
opportunity across our portfolio through 
career mobility and ensuring select portfolio 
companies have access to the largest pool 
of talent. We are tremendously proud 
to have achieved our goal of hiring over 
100,000 veterans, veteran spouses and 
caregivers at our portfolio companies since 
2013. Finally, we encouraged portfolio 
companies to report to their respective 
boards on ESG on a regular basis. 

$120M+ 

distributed globally by the 

Blackstone Charitable Foundation 
since 20075

1/3 

target for diverse representation 

on controlled portfolio company 

boards in the US and Europe 

41% 

of our 2021 global analyst class 

is composed of women; 49% 

of our 2021 US analyst class is 

racially diverse

100,000+ 

veterans, veteran spouses 

and caregivers hired across 
our portfolio since 20136 

~1/3 

of our firm’s leadership team is  

diverse and 50% of our primary 

businesses have a diverse 

professional as one of their  

top two leaders

15%

target for carbon emissions 

reduction in aggregate across 

investments globally where we 

control energy usage

125 MW 

of on-site solar power across 

our real estate portfolio, with a 

pipeline of 300 MW by 2025

~44% 

Champlain Hudson Power Express 

is expected to decrease New York 
CO2 emissions by an estimated 
average of 3.9M metric tons per 

year — equivalent to removing  

~44% of passenger vehicles  

from New York City 

Nearly $10B 

committed in investments 

since 2019 that we believe are 

consistent with the broader 

energy transition

5                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Chairman, CEO & Co-Founder Steve Schwarzman 
and President & COO Jon Gray 

In line with our thematic approach to 
investing, we are investing heavily in 
businesses that are focused on supporting 
the energy transition. Since 2019, 
Blackstone has committed nearly $10 
billion in investments that we believe 
are consistent with the broader energy 
transition. Portfolio company Transmission 
Developers Inc., for example, is building a 
339-mile transmission line that is expected 
to deliver 1,250 MW of renewable power 
to New York City. It is expected to decrease 
New York CO2 emissions by an estimated 
average of 3.9 million metric tons per year 
— equivalent to removing approximately 
44 percent of passenger vehicles from 
New York City.

Across our recent private equity 
investments, we are also supporting 
diverse leaders and have invested over $10 
billion in companies led by women CEOs 
since 2019, partnering with entrepreneurs 
like Whitney Wolfe Herd of Bumble, Sara 
Blakely of Spanx and Reese Witherspoon 
of Hello Sunshine.7 We also invested $16 
billion in life sciences in 2020. We believe 
that by investing in these macro-trends 
today, we can build businesses with long-
term resilience. 

Blackstone’s global reach creates both 
a unique opportunity and responsibility. 
We are an owner of more than 10,000 
real estate assets and we employ more 
than half a million people across our 250+ 
portfolio companies.5 Additionally, we 
are the largest owner of commercial real 
estate globally.8 The sheer breadth of our 
influence not only enables but compels us 
to steward our resources with great care in 
order to create value for our investors, with 
intense consideration for the impact of our 
portfolio companies on the communities in 
which they operate and the environment. 

We take that responsibility seriously, and 
we’re delighted at this opportunity to 
share our vision for how we can deliver for 
our investors by advancing ESG priorities. 
Thank you for taking the time to learn 
about our approach. 

Stephen A. Schwarzman  
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder

Jon Gray  
President and Chief Operating Officer

In 2019, StuyTown completed the largest private multifamily rooftop solar project in the US, installing nearly 
10,000 solar panels, which approximately doubled Manhattan’s solar capacity at the time of installation.

Blackstone’s Approach to ESG

We believe ESG is a key component of how we create long-
term value for our investors. It informs the way we run our firm, 
approach investing and partner with the assets in our portfolio. We 
take a highly coordinated approach, knitting these efforts together 
through a dedicated corporate ESG team that looks to apply our 
ESG policies, champion firm-wide initiatives and regularly report 
progress to stakeholders.

a number of initiatives designed to make our companies stronger 
and more resilient. Many of these, like promoting sustainability  
and diversity, are today considered core components of ESG. 
We are confident that the more we weave ESG factors into our 
corporate purpose and performance, the more value we will be 
able to deliver — for our investors, our portfolio companies and  
the communities we serve.

This update will detail some of the important advancements we’ve 
made in scaling our ESG program and outline other efforts where 
we have more work to do. It is intended to lay out our vision, 
priorities and path of travel.

Our approach is grounded in a responsibility to our investors to 
be careful stewards of capital. We have long been implementing 

We aim to practice what we preach, applying ESG principles at 
the corporate level before leveraging our scale to implement 
portfolio-wide change. We believe our accomplishments in 2021, 
outlined below, were significant and reflect a greater emphasis on 
processes, policies, integration and engagement than ever before. 

6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

At the corporate level:

Across Asset Management and Portfolio Operations:

	■ An integrated ESG team: ESG is integrated across the firm. 
Our Private Equity, Real Estate, BAAM and Credit businesses 
each have a designated ESG head to enable coordination across 
corporate ESG, investment teams, corporate groups, Asset 
Management teams and Portfolio Operations. The number of 
ESG-related professionals at Blackstone has grown fivefold since 
2019, with 14 professionals added in 2021 alone, and we will 
continue to expand our team with domain experts. 

	■ Maintaining clear ESG governance: Our senior leadership and 
board of directors are highly supportive and engaged on ESG. We 
report to our board quarterly and are supported by dedicated 
steering committees. We have a firmwide ESG policy that works 
in concert with our various business units’ ESG policies.

	■ Using data to measure progress: We gather and monitor 

key metrics to hold ourselves accountable. We are focused on 
providing greater transparency to stakeholders over time. 

Our investment process:

	■ Conducting comprehensive due diligence:  

By considering applicable ESG factors in the investment process, 
we aim to identify and address material investment risks to drive 
value. 

	■ Tying diligence to action: We are evaluating processes to more 
systematically identify ESG factors during diligence and tie those 
factors to intervention plans and measurement throughout the 
lifecycle of an investment. 

	■ Priority ESG initiatives: We seek to set clear expectations for 
our investments where applicable and strongly encourage them 
to consider a select number of priority ESG initiatives focused on 
diversity, decarbonization and good governance. 

	■ Integrating ESG standards and priorities: We endeavor to 

share our learnings and help our portfolio companies implement 
ESG policies, processes and reporting. We encourage our 
portfolio companies to consider ESG factors that are material  
for their business and sector.

	■ Ongoing monitoring: For majority-owned portfolio companies 
in our funds, we conduct an annual ESG survey and quarterly 
data collection. Those that entered our portfolio in 2021 or later 
and are within the scope of our Emissions Reduction Program 
are asked to track utility spend.9 We have started work on 
generating a measured carbon footprint for investments where 
we have majority ownership and board control on an annual 
basis, allowing us to evaluate progress and focus our efforts on 
the largest opportunities for impact. We are also proud to have 
signed onto the ESG Data Convergence Project championed by 
our limited partners. 

We are proud of what we have achieved so far and excited to 
continue building on these achievements. In this update —  
a precursor to our 2021 ESG report — we provide an overview of 
our vision and our plan to realize that vision in each priority area. 

Full ESG integration requires real commitment and considerable 
investment. On behalf of all of us at Blackstone, thank you for 
taking the time to read our update. We look forward to your 
feedback and support as we continue to advance our  
ESG priorities. 

Christine Anderson
Global Head of External Relations and 
Acting Global Head of ESG 

7                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

COVID-19 RELIEF: 

MOBILIZING RESOURCES, STAYING CONNECTED

When COVID-19 hit, we had three main goals: support our employees, help our portfolio 
companies and assets weather the pandemic and aid the communities most in need.

Supporting Our People

Our most valuable asset is our people. 
Thanks to excellent planning, technology 
and focus, we seamlessly transitioned to 
remote work and made our primary focus 
keeping our people safe and connected. 
Blackstone’s COVID-19 Response Team, 
overseen by Chief Administrative Officer 
Vik Sawhney and Deputy General Counsel 
Tabea Hsi, served a critical role in shaping 
the firm’s approach and pulling together 
relevant leaders across the firm. 

Our people juggled personal and 
professional challenges while coming 
together to serve our clients. Our Human 
Resources team provided resources for 
mental health support. Our Technology 
& Innovations team (BXTI) ensured 
smooth access to means of remote 
communication. In the earliest days of 
the pandemic, we created a live weekly 

At StuyTown Pantry, we launched a fundraising 
campaign to help feed families in New York City.

8                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Monday morning Zoom call, “BXTV,” to 
help our people stay connected as a 
community.

From the beginning, we’ve known that we 
are “better together.” We believe there is 
no substitute for in-person collaboration 
and training. It was important to our firm 
culture to get our people back in the office, 
working together. Our Human Resources 
and Global Corporate Services teams 
worked hard to create the conditions that 
allowed our people to return to the office 
as safely as possible. 

We began a careful and voluntary 
reopening of our New York headquarters 
in the Summer of 2020 and meaningfully 
expanded that effort in June 2021. We 
strongly encouraged all employees who 
were able to get vaccinated — and 96 
percent of our US employees did.7,10 We’ve 
invested approximately $14 million, as of 
June 2021, in extensive measures to ensure 
employee safety, including mandatory 
twice-weekly COVID-19 testing with an 
option for thrice-weekly tests, vaccination 
requirements for in-person work and 
specialized contact-tracing technology on 
our devices.10 We have also implemented 
stringent sanitization methods and 
provided personal protective equipment 
(PPE) and transportation subsidies to 
support employee commuting. 

Maintaining the physical and 
mental health of our people 
has been essential throughout 
the pandemic. That’s involved 
listening, following the science 
and being adaptable.

Bob Galvin
Chief Medical Officer 

Mobilizing Blackstone 
Portfolio Companies 

Supporting Our 
Tenants and Residents

Relief Efforts Across  
the Globe

One of the biggest socio-economic 
challenges of the pandemic was a 
rise in housing insecurity, with many 
encountering financial hardship from job 
loss, sickness or other factors that left them 
unable to pay rent. From April 2020 
through September 2021, Blackstone 
Real Estate did not conduct a single 
eviction for non-payment across its 
wholly owned US housing portfolio. 

In the UK, The Arch Company, manager 
of 5,000 small and medium businesses 
underneath the UK railway arches, 
announced a Hardship Fund of £10 million 
for independent small businesses severely 
impacted by COVID-19 to fund three 
months’ free rent for tenants in need. 

Sponda, a Finnish real estate portfolio 
company, announced two months’ 
free rent for all restaurant and food and 
beverage tenants. This followed support 
measures including interest-free rent 
deferrals based on individual tenant 
situations and flexible shopping center 
opening hours.

The dedicated field hospital provided 
by Blackstone portfolio company NEC 
Group for COVID-19 patients.

Blackstone mobilized quickly to provide 
help where it was most needed during the 
pandemic. Scale and speed were critical to 
supporting stretched healthcare services. 
As part of these efforts, to date we have 
contributed over $20 million to benefit 
global COVID-19 relief. 

In our home state of New York, the 
Blackstone Charitable Foundation provided 
an anchor $10 million contribution to 
the New York State COVID-19 First 
Responders Fund and an additional 
$5 million in contributions to organizations 
orchestrating food delivery to healthcare 
workers and first responders, as well as 
others supporting vulnerable populations 
in New York City. These organizations 
included City Harvest, World Central 
Kitchen, Slice Out Hunger, Coalition for the 
Homeless, Union Settlement, Covenant 
House and others. 

In India, Blackstone contributed nearly 
$5 million to primarily support three 
non-profits — CARE India, UNICEF and 
the American India Foundation — that 
worked to provide oxygen equipment, 
vaccine distribution and PPE for frontline 
healthcare workers. 

In Asia, the Blackstone Charitable 
Foundation donated $950,000 in 
February 2020 to the One Foundation, 
a China-based organization supporting 
local COVID-19 response. In June 2020, 
Blackstone Singapore provided nearly 
$600,000 to support COVID-19 relief 
efforts in Singapore. 

The global pandemic created challenges 
for each company in our portfolio. Our 
teams stepped in to support management 
as they tackled difficult decisions. We 
worked with Human Resources, IT teams 
and others — providing learnings and 
expertise from across the portfolio —  
as they moved quickly to adapt. 

Many of our portfolio companies have 
also been at the forefront of helping their 
communities.

In Europe, NEC Group, a leading live 
events business in the UK and part of 
Blackstone’s private equity portfolio, 
helped transform its Birmingham exhibition 
venue into a dedicated field hospital for 
COVID-19 patients. The company made 
the site available rent-free to the UK’s 
National Health Service, to help them in 
case they needed extra hospital capacity. 

Blackstone India’s real estate portfolio 
companies, including Embassy REIT, 
Mindspace REIT, Nexus Malls, Nucleus 
Office Parks, Salarpuria and Panchshil, 
provided $3.8 million in donations 
to organizations across the country 
responding to the pandemic. In addition, 
the companies donated more than 3.7 
million meals for underprivileged families 
and 109,000 masks to medical and 
essential professionals. 

At StuyTown Pantry, now part of 
CoreGiving, we launched a fundraising 
campaign and raised nearly $250,000 to 
help feed families in New York City.

9                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

GOVERNANCE: 

COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY FRAMEWORKS FOR BLACKSTONE, ITS PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND OUR INDUSTRY 

Strong governance is the foundation on which all resilient companies are built. As owners 
and operators, we seek to encourage and implement governing structures and processes 
that are designed to foster regulatory compliance and strong performance. We do this 
both at the corporate level and across our portfolio companies and investments. 

We strive to implement strong governance in each sector in which we operate. We 
encourage our portfolio companies and investments to identify and address material ESG 
factors for their business and sector. 

There are strong oversight and compliance systems that govern our own operations. Within 
the investment process, we proactively seek to enhance our diligence and monitoring 
processes to better inform our investment decisions and the way we own assets. This means 
we seek to integrate ESG factors and risk management, tailored to particular investments, 
into our investment process.

Our tone at the top  
and our culture is the 
foundation for ensuring 
that Blackstone and its 
portfolio companies can 
carry out their business 
with the confidence 
that integrity, trust and 
transparency are at the 
forefront of our values.

John Finley
Chief Legal Officer 

Chief Legal Officer John Finley meets with Global Head of Compliance 
Marshall Sprung and Private Equity General Counsel Natasha Gopaul.

We pride ourselves on being responsive to our investors’ need for reporting and 
transparency and continually work with them in this regard. We share portfolio ESG 
information with our investors through written reports, meetings and calls, as appropriate 
and where available. We also seek out opportunities to engage with our stakeholders to 
advance the dialogue regarding responsible investing, where Blackstone strives to be  
an industry leader. 

1 0                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Partnering with Industry Experts 
We aim to drive ESG progress across our industry and are pleased to partner 
with the following organizations: 

W E L C O M E

Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)  
Blackstone became a PRI signatory in August 2021. We 
look forward to reporting to PRI and engaging with other 
signatories on ESG integration.

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)  
Blackstone joined TCFD to help build a more resilient financial 
system through better climate risk disclosures. Blackstone intends 
to report aligned with TCFD recommendations in 2022.

Ceres Investor Network 
Blackstone joined Ceres to engage with sustainability experts 
and other leading asset owners and investment managers 
to further sustainable investing and to help develop climate 
frameworks for private equity, including net-zero frameworks. 

Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) 
Blackstone joined the Private Equity SMI Taskforce to play a 
role in driving the transition to a sustainable future. 

Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) 
Blackstone is partnering with RMI to develop our proprietary 
asset class-level climate frameworks. 

Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures (TNFD)  
Blackstone joined the TNFD Forum to advise on standardizing 
nature-related disclosures, encouraging reporting and acting on 
nature-related risks. 

American Council on Renewable Energy (ACORE)  
Blackstone joined ACORE to support the deployment 
of renewable energy and inform our renewable energy 
investing activities.

The drumbeat of warnings 
about the need for accelerated 
action to reduce carbon 
emissions has never been 
louder, and investors have a 
tremendous responsibility — 
and opportunity. At 
Blackstone, we are proud to be 
partnering with our portfolio 
companies, seeking to help 
them decarbonize to make 
them stronger. By supporting 
a lower-carbon future, we 
are creating value in our 
investments — and we hope to 
inspire other investors to see 

what is possible.

Elizabeth Lewis
Deputy Head of ESG

Ms. Lewis supports Blackstone’s 
corporate ESG efforts. Before joining 
Blackstone, Ms. Lewis led public 
engagement on climate change for the 
International Finance Corporation (IFC), 
the private sector part of the World 
Bank Group. Earlier in her career, she 
established World Resources Institute’s 
Sustainable Investing Program and was 
a Principal at Global Environment Fund, 
a private equity fund focused on clean 
energy and sustainable forestry. She 
serves as a Trustee of the Maryland/DC 
Chapter of The Nature Conservancy. 

1 1                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Our Integrated ESG Team

ESG is overseen by senior management, who report to the Blackstone board of directors quarterly on ESG. These teams 
are supported by dedicated steering committees and working groups, including the Global ESG Steering Committee, 
as well as regional coverage through the Asia ESG Steering Committee and Europe ESG Steering Committee. They also 
include the Climate Working Group, the Data Working Group and the Legal & Compliance Working Group. 

The heads of ESG for our Private Equity, Real Estate, BAAM and Credit 
businesses are able to coordinate across our Investment, Asset 
Management and Portfolio Operations teams. These business 
unit heads of ESG draw on the deep domain expertise 
of the corporate ESG team and the firm’s Portfolio 
Operations teams. The Portfolio Operations and 
Asset Management teams are then responsible 
for implementation of ESG initiatives.

We provide tailored training on relevant 

aspects of ESG across the organization. 

Over the past year, this has included:

	■ ESG board reporting training for  

portfolio company CEOs

	■ Strategy-specific ESG training for  
the BAAM Investment teams 

	■ Climate change Investment Analysis  

training for BAAM Investment 
professionals

Legal & Compliance
Support monitoring adherence 
to ESG policies and engagement 
with LP requests

Asset Mgmt. & 
Portfolio Operations
Execute ESG-related 
operating interventions 
across the portfolio

Human Resources
Lead internal diversity 
programs

Global Steering 
Committee 

Global 
Corporate Services
Manage sustainability 
efforts across our offices

Investment Teams
Incorporate relevant ESG 
factors into the investment 
process

Charitable Foundation
Lead philanthropic 
and employee 
engagement efforts

Finance
Lead corporate data 
collection and external 
reporting initiatives

Advancing Progress Through Regular Board Reporting 

Blackstone announced a new initiative asking portfolio company leaders to regularly report to their boards on ESG if they 
do not already. This initiative encourages portfolio companies to examine their own ESG practices and identify and track 
KPIs that are relevant to their business, as well as focus on priority ESG initiatives identified by Blackstone. We built this 
initiative based on the practice established by Blackstone’s Real Estate business — an example of how we can develop 
effective practices in one part of our business and scale them across our portfolio.

1 2                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

ESG Resources Across Blackstone

We’re proud to have added considerable ESG domain expertise in recent years.

CORPORATE ESG

Hired or joined 
ESG team in 
2021

CHARITABLE  
FOUNDATION

+2

Christine Anderson
Global Head of External 
Relations, Acting Head of ESG

Elizabeth Lewis
Deputy Head of ESG

Elena Iannaccone
Vice President, ESG

Megan Nixon
Director, ESG

Lindsay Gibson
Associate, ESG

Amy Stursberg
Executive Director of the Blackstone 
Charitable Foundation

PRIVATE EQUITY & PORTFOLIO OPERATIONS

+1

Courtney  
della Cava
Global Head of Portfolio 
Talent & Leadership

Amisha Parekh
Head of ESG for  
Private Equity

James Mandel
Chief Sustainability Officer

Elena Mariotti
Managing Director,  
Portfolio Operations

Marcus Felder
Head of Career Pathways

REAL ESTATE

BAAM / BXC

+3

+2 
BAAM

Eric Duchon
Head of ESG for  
Real Estate

Caroline Hill
Head of ESG for  
Real Estate Europe

Nina James
Head of ESG for  
Real Estate Asia

Carolyn Torsiello
Vice President, ESG  
for Real Estate

Rita Mangalick
Head of ESG for  
BAAM and Credit

Jamie Chesner
Principal, BAAM

LEGAL & COMPLIANCE

GLOBAL CORPORATE 
SERVICES

HUMAN RESOURCES

John Finley
Chief Legal Officer

Marshall Sprung
Global Head of  
Compliance

Tabea Hsi
Deputy General Counsel

Grace Nicosia
Global Head of  
Corporate Services

Paige Ross
Global Head of Human  
Resources

Devin Glenn
Global Head of Diversity,  
Equity & Inclusion

1 3                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Board of Directors

We seek to ensure that the Blackstone board of directors 
is composed of members whose collective experience, 
qualifications and skills will allow the board to effectively satisfy 
its oversight responsibilities. The board conducts an annual 
evaluation to determine whether it and each of its committees 
are functioning effectively and to identify opportunities for their 
improvement.

We recognize that diversity is an important component of 
effective governance. Over 30 percent of the Blackstone  
board of directors is diverse.

Enhancements to Blackstone’s 
Board 

Blackstone was pleased to welcome two exceptional new board 
members in 2020: Ruth Porat, Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet, 
Inc. and its subsidiary Google, Inc., and Reginald ‘Reg’ Brown, 
partner at the law firm Kirkland & Ellis LLP.

FEATURE ON FIRM AWARDS

Recent awards and recognitions  
include:

	■ Earned a 100% rating on the Human Rights 

Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index in 2021 

	■ Certified as a “Great Place to Work” for the fifth year 
in a row — included on “Best Workplaces in New 
York,” “Best Workplaces in Financial Services & 
Insurance” and “Best Workplaces for Millennials” 
lists in 2021

	■ Included on the “UK’s 100 Best Companies to Work 
For” list with an additional honor of being named  
one of “London’s 75 Best Companies to Work  
For” in 2021

Ruth Porat
Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet, Inc. and Google, Inc.

Ruth Porat joined Google as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2015 and has also 
held the same title at Alphabet since it was created in October 2015. She is responsible for Finance, 
Business Operations and Real Estate & Workplace Services. Prior to joining Google, Ruth was Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley and held roles there that included Vice 
Chairman of Investment Banking, Co-Head of Technology Investment Banking and Global Head of the 
Financial Institutions Group.

Reg Brown
Partner, Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

Reg J. Brown is a partner in the Washington, D.C., office of Kirkland & Ellis LLP. He regularly advises financial 
institutions and other companies facing complex and significant regulatory, enforcement and reputational 
matters. Prior to joining Kirkland, Brown was a partner at WilmerHale, where he served as Chairman of the 
firm’s Financial Institutions Group and led the firm’s congressional investigations practice as Vice Chair of 
the Crisis Management and Strategic Response Group. From 2003 to 2005, Brown served as Associate 
White House Counsel and Special Assistant to the President and also worked as Assistant to the CEO and 
Vice President for Corporate Strategy at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company.

1 4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Bumble 

Empowering Women and  
Helping Companies Grow

As the founder of one of the highest-profile start-
ups of the past decade, Bumble CEO Whitney 
Wolfe Herd had no shortage of firms interested 
in investing in her company. Bumble’s February 
2021 IPO made Whitney the youngest woman 
entrepreneur to ever take a company public in 
the US — symbolic of her mission to empower 
women, who make up 70 percent of the 
company’s board.

youngest woman 
to lead an IPO in 
US history

When Blackstone acquired Bumble, we partnered with Whitney to 
help her realize her vision for the company. We helped build a senior 
leadership team that reflected Whitney’s goal of creating a platform 
by women, for women. We recruited several C-Suite level women 
officers and identified leading tech and media 
executives to join the company’s majority-women 
board. We supported the company’s rebrand 
from MagicLab to Bumble, which unified their 
various platforms under one recognizable brand 
name that’s become synonymous with women’s 
empowerment in the digital connections space.

70%

of Bumble’s board is 
composed of women

1 5                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         1 5

Comprehensive Compliance Program  
Bolstered by Review and Training 

The board of directors is responsible for reviewing Blackstone’s policies and compliance systems 
and confirming that they are consistent with the objective that Blackstone and our officers 
and directors act legally, ethically and responsibly. Blackstone’s compliance framework and 
expectations are set out in Blackstone’s Compliance Policies and Procedures, including our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Additionally, employees are trained or enrolled in compliance training when they start at the firm 
and we retrain employees globally at least once annually. Blackstone reviews its internal ethical 
standards annually with the assistance of a third-party firm.11

POLICIES AND TRAININGS

Code of Ethics & Training

Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy & Training

Anti-Money Laundering Policy & Training

Whistleblower Protection & Training*

Anti-Harassment Policy & Training

Non-Retaliation Policy & Training

4

4

4

4

4

4

* Blackstone provides multiple avenues for whistleblower reporting, including a toll free, live-staffed, around the clock hotline, as well as a website, 

hosted by Navex Global’s EthicsPoint

Our compliance framework 
is comprehensive and 
designed to address the 
complexity of the business 
and regulatory landscape in 
which we operate globally. 
Blackstone is committed 
to conducting its business 
in keeping with the highest 
legal and ethical standards 
and expects all employees to 
uphold this commitment.

Marshall Sprung
Global Head of Compliance 

Ms. Mangalick is Head 
of ESG for BAAM and 
Blackstone Credit, where 
she partners with both 
groups to lead various 
initiatives around ESG 
diligence, reporting and 
engagement. Prior to  
this role, Ms. Mangalick  
was instrumental in 
developing BAAM’s ESG 
program, along with a 
focus on BAAM’s Advisory Business. She was 
previously a member of the Business & Financial 
Evaluation team, performing operational due 
diligence of BAAM’s hedge fund managers.

Rita Mangalick 
Head of ESG for BAAM  
and Credit

1 6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G
1 6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

How BAAM Incorporates ESG 
BAAM ESG Policy Engagement Initiative

BAAM invests with a large number of investment managers, which provides 
BAAM with the opportunity to have an impact on ESG integration — not 
only at Blackstone, but also across our industry. BAAM’s dedicated ESG 
team engages with managers by sharing best practices, providing resources, 
hosting trainings and encouraging managers to adopt ESG policies as 
appropriate for their investment strategies. BAAM has seen a more than  
100 percent increase in ESG policy adoption among the active managers in 
its portfolio since December 2019.

BAAM ESG Monitoring and Reporting Initiative

BAAM performs manager due diligence, which includes ESG considerations, 
on a pre-investment and ongoing basis. BAAM sends managers an annual 
ESG questionnaire on how they integrate ESG into their investment 
processes and business practices, then aggregates the data and shares that 
reporting with our investors, upon request, to provide them a high-level view 
of the ESG-related progress of the managers in their portfolio.

Corporate Privacy and Data Protection

Blackstone is committed to privacy and data 
protection. These topics are included in routine 
training received at least once annually by 
employees. Data privacy is typically addressed 
in the Global CCO’s annual update to the board. 
Blackstone’s approach to data protection is set 
out in its Online Privacy Notice and its Investor 
Data Privacy Notice. 

The privacy function also supports the Data 
Protection Operating Committee (DPOC), 
Blackstone’s global privacy compliance steering 
committee. 

Maintaining Corporate Cybersecurity 

Blackstone has built a dedicated cybersecurity 
team and maintains a comprehensive 
cybersecurity program to protect our systems, 
our operations and the data entrusted to us by our investors, employees, 
portfolio companies and business partners. Blackstone’s cybersecurity 
program is led by our Chief Information Security Officer,  
Adam Fletcher, who works closely with our executive officers and board  
of directors to develop and advance the firm’s cybersecurity strategy. 

We believe that cybersecurity is a team effort — every employee has a 
responsibility to help protect the firm and secure its data. We conduct regular 
testing at least once a year to identify vulnerabilities before they can be 
exploited by attackers, using automated tools and “white hat” hackers. We 
examine and validate our program every two to three years with third parties, 
measuring it against industry standards and established frameworks, such as 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and Center  
for Internet Security (CIS).

We have a comprehensive Security Incident Response Plan that is aligned 
with the firm’s Business Continuity Plan in order to ensure that any non-
routine events are properly escalated to the firm’s leadership, as well as third-
party experts such as retained counsel and incident response partners, when 
and where appropriate. These plans are validated at least annually through 
a cyber incident tabletop exercise to consider the types of decisions that 
would need to be made in the event of a cyber incident. We have engaged  
in scenario planning exercises around cyber incidents. 

The entire firm is engaged in a thorough security awareness program. 
Employees across Blackstone are trained or enrolled in training when they 
start at the firm, and we offer re-training to employees globally at least  
once annually. 

1 7                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Blackstone Technology and Innovations team members collaborate closely with all 
business units across the firm to enhance our cybersecurity and data protection.

Dera Nevin

Dera Nevin, our Data Policy 
and Strategy Officer, oversees 
privacy, data protection and 
information risk management 
efforts at Blackstone. She leads 
the privacy and data protection 
function, which conducts privacy 
impact assessments, implements 
privacy-by-design initiatives and 
reconciles global privacy programs with 
local privacy law requirements, including 
the administration of notices, consents, 
opt-ins and opt-outs and data subject 
access rights. 

Adam Fletcher

Adam Fletcher is responsible 
for overseeing all aspects 
of cybersecurity across 
Blackstone, as well as helping 
to oversee a small portfolio of 
investments in leading early-stage 
cybersecurity companies. 

Assessing and Advising on Cybersecurity Across Our Portfolio 

We have introduced a Portfolio Cybersecurity program that serves our investment 
professionals and portfolio company management teams. 

The goals of our Portfolio Cybersecurity program are to (1) reduce the frequency and impact 
of cyber incidents across the portfolio and (2) enable investment professionals to weigh 
cyber risk throughout the investment process. The program includes companies in which  
Blackstone owns a controlling interest, as well as other companies in which Blackstone has  
a minority equity or debt investment, or as directed on a case-by-case basis. 

We have a Portfolio Security Community with over 75 CISOs, who meet monthly to review 
current threats and annually at a private conference hosted by Blackstone.

The program has three service lines:

ASSESS AND IMPROVE 

A repeatable process to improve our companies’ security 
posture against the most common attacks that result in financial 
losses. Blackstone’s Portfolio Cyber program conducts an annual 
assessment and tracks findings to closure with management 
teams monthly

DUE DILIGENCE

A set of services to discover cyber risks within potential 
investments and generate 100-day plans

ADVISORY

Hiring CISOs at our companies, strategy and budget 
review, cyber incident advisory and vendor partnership 
recommendations and discounts

Adam Mattina

Adam Mattina, Deputy 
Chief Information 
Security Officer at 
Blackstone, collaborates 
with companies across 
our portfolio on their 
cybersecurity programs.

1 8                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Employees are looking to work for purpose-
driven companies that are socially and 
environmentally responsible, and board 
members and CEOs are recognizing the 
importance of social issues and the need to 
focus on ESG within their core businesses.

Bruce Simpson
Senior Advisor, Former Senior Partner at McKinsey and Company12

Blackstone team members in the 
office at 601 Lexington Avenue.

1 9                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         1 9

ENVIRONMENTAL: 

LONG-TERM RESILIENCE FOR A LOWER-CARBON FUTURE 

The physical risks of climate change, combined with growing investor demand for 
action and regulatory shifts, are all driving the need to decarbonize. 

The global transition to a lower-carbon world requires not only 
commitment, but also the investment of trillions of dollars. As we 
seek to create value for our investors, Blackstone has increasingly 
focused on investing in companies that are supporting the energy 
transition.

We support the goals of the Paris Agreement and we have taken 
several actions in support of further climate-related disclosures. 
We are a signatory to PRI and a listed supporter of TCFD. We have 
committed to measuring and targeting a reduction of emissions 

Acquired by Blackstone in March 2021, DESOTEC’s fleet of approximately 
2,700 mobile filters is one of the largest of its kind in Europe. 

2 0                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

across our portfolio companies within the scope of our Emissions 
Reduction Program and plan to report aligned with the TCFD 
recommendations in 2022.

We believe climate change is a significant issue impacting the 
long-term resilience and growth of companies and assets. For that 
reason, we intend to embed an assessment of physical climate risk 
within certain due diligence and asset management activities. We 
are also actively partnering with our companies to help put them 
on a lower-carbon trajectory. 

We’ve spent approximately 10 years, under the guidance of a 
Chief Sustainability Officer, working closely with select companies 
and assets in our portfolio to help them decarbonize and invest 
in lower-emissions technologies. Along the way, we have learned 
about what works — and sometimes, what doesn’t — in reducing 
emissions across a wide variety of assets in vastly different sectors 
of the global economy, from manufacturing to hotels to last-mile 
logistics. 

We started our efforts based on the simple premise that emissions 
reductions result in cost savings and boost efficiencies — allowing 
companies to capture savings that they could redirect to other 
growth priorities. As public and policy-maker concerns about 
climate change have grown, we believe that this work has made 
our companies and assets stronger than they would have been 
otherwise. 

In January 2021, we announced our Emissions Reduction Program 
and started implementing a new goal of reducing Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 carbon emissions for new assets where we control the 
energy usage by 15 percent in aggregate over the first three years 
of ownership. To accomplish this goal, we have developed what  
we believe is a robust decarbonization program designed to  
reduce energy use and carbon emissions at scale in a way that  
is measurable and tangible. 

We are developing a carbon accounting system and 
a capability to track and report on Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions reductions. This will allow us to measure 
our impact and provide our investors with critical data 
to enable them to meet their own climate targets and 
financial goals. 

Our portfolio companies and assets have a critical role 
to play in creating a climate-resilient and lower-carbon 
future, and we believe that actions taken during our 
ownership will create value and lasting impact, even after 
Blackstone exits. We believe portfolio companies will 
continue decarbonization programs after our exit for  
the simple reason that they improve value.

W E L C O M E

James Mandel 
Chief Sustainability Officer

Mr. Mandel leads sustainability 
and climate initiatives that 
seek to drive long-term 
value across our portfolio 
companies. 

Before joining Blackstone in 2021, Mr. 
Mandel was Managing Director of the Carbon-Free Buildings 
program at Rocky Mountain Institute, where he led research, 
consulting and policy work focused on emissions reduction 
in buildings, with a focus on the US, China and India. Prior 
to Rocky Mountain Institute, he worked at McKinsey and 
Company with a focus on sustainability and operational 
efficiency in energy and industrial companies.

A   L E G A C Y   O F   S U S TA I N A B L E 
I N I T I AT I V E S 

Don Anderson 
Former Chief Sustainability Officer

This year marked the 
retirement of Don 
Anderson, following a 
decade of service as our 
Chief Sustainability Officer. 
He remains a Senior Advisor 
to Blackstone and we thank him 
for his work in evolving sustainability 
initiatives across our portfolio.12 

Formed by Blackstone in 2019, Sona Comstar is an India-centric, 
electric vehicle-focused automotive technology platform.

2 1                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         2 1

W E L C O M E

Amisha Parekh
Head of ESG for Private Equity

Ms. Parekh leads ESG diligence, 
policy development and strategy 
and reporting for Blackstone’s 
Private Equity reporting segment. 
Ms. Parekh joined Blackstone 
from Bloomberg LP, where 
she worked for four and a half 
years, most recently serving as 
product manager of Bloomberg’s 
Sustainable Finance Solutions, 
leading ESG data acquisition and 
curation efforts. 

Current focus for 
Blackstone Emissions 
Reduction Program

Leveraging Scale to Advance Sustainability 
Portfolio-Wide 

Over the last decade, we have drawn on our scale and portfolio company insights to build a 
meaningful sustainability program. The program started within our Real Estate and Private 
Equity businesses when we began working with our portfolio companies and hospitality 
assets to implement fast and low-cost approaches to improving performance — including 
rebuilding bathroom fixtures, transitioning to LED lighting and improving air conditioning 
systems. 

Our scale gives us the ability to create value by reducing our portfolio’s carbon footprint.  
We are capable of providing hands-on support and assistance to achieve results.

Blackstone’s Carbon Footprint Assessment 

We continue to support and strengthen climate change resiliency through integration, 
engagement and reporting. We are designing a carbon footprinting process for investments 
where we have majority ownership and board control, which is expected to launch in 2022. 
The carbon accounting system, for Blackstone and our portfolio, is expected to provide 
guidance and support for companies and assets to prepare a carbon footprint and share  
that information with Blackstone. 

We seek to have an understanding of GHG emissions attributable to Blackstone and its 
portfolio, tracking changes over time on an absolute and intensity basis, identifying high-
priority cost-savings or value-creation opportunities for Blackstone and its investments and 
developing capabilities within our companies and assets to regularly measure their emissions.

Emissions Reduction Strategy

Operational energy efficiency via no-cost 
and low-cost initiatives

High ROI capital investments to
reduce energy consumption

On-site renewable 
energy systems

Technology switching & 
electrification where feasible

Off-site
renewables

RECs &
offsets

2 2                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Blackstone’s Active Decarbonization Efforts 

We have also built a platform of companies to execute 
decarbonization programs for companies within the scope of the 
Emissions Reduction Program. This platform includes Blackstone 
portfolio companies RE Tech and Therma — specialty consultants 
and engineers to design and execute operational interventions. 

We support companies within the program when they seek to 
reduce their carbon emissions by taking a structured approach 
to ensure emissions are considered throughout the investment 
lifecycle. This involves due diligence to understand opportunities 
and costs to hit our carbon emissions target. Post-acquisition, a gap 
analysis and roadmap are built for these companies with specific 
projects to hit the target.

We are tracking energy usage and spend and plan to track 
associated emissions data for select companies across our 
portfolio. Energy bills from participating portfolio companies are 
tracked to ensure data quality and transparency. We work with 
companies to establish a base year and monitor performance  
over time. 

We are growing a team and expanding our resources to enable 
us to endeavor to drive value-generating sustainability practices, 
including reducing emissions more broadly across our existing 
portfolio over time. 

SUPPORTING PORTFOLIO COMPANY 
DECARBONIZATION:   
Shya Hsin

Blackstone’s “Fast Find and Fix” program, a one-to-
three-day engineering assessment helped Asia-
based cosmetic packaging company ShyaHsin 
identify energy savings opportunities through 
improving compressed air and HVAC systems. 

Since this assessment, Blackstone and ShyaHsin 
set a target to reduce emissions per unit output 
value by at least 25 percent in five years.

Moreover, the company reduced utility cost by 
approximately 8 percent in terms of utility cost 
per unit output value in 2021 compared to 2020.

Additionally, they have achieved savings of 
26 percent energy consumption per unit of 
compressed air in one building.

Finally, they are planning to install over five 
megawatts of solar power on the company 
plant’s rooftops.

2 3                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Blackstone acquired portfolio company Shya Hsin in 2017. Since then, the cosmetics packaging 
company has set an emissions reduction target of more than 25 percent in five years.

Real Estate: Reducing Emissions Through 
Responsible Stewardship

Blackstone Real Estate prioritizes sustainable operations as a core pillar of its 
ESG program. As real estate accounts for a meaningful portion of the world’s 
GHG emissions, real estate investors and managers are a pivotal decision-
making group and must reimagine building operations to reduce emissions 
globally. Blackstone believes that this is an opportunity for companies and 
properties to potentially increase profitability and long-term growth through 
their sustainability efforts. By managing energy, water consumption and waste 
more efficiently, we seek to reduce our environmental impact while achieving 
cost savings across our portfolio, thereby benefiting our tenants, investors and 
the communities in which we operate. 

Our sustainable operations priorities include:

Resource management:

	■ Reduce resource usage and costs across our portfolio

	■ Proactively implement energy, water and waste initiatives, including low-  

and no-cost operating improvements and capital-intensive retrofits across  
our portfolio 

Benchmarks and performance targets: 

	■ Track and report progress on sustainability initiatives, identify opportunities 

for improvement and set achievable goals 

	■ Leverage the scale of our portfolio to provide timely insights and use  

internal and external benchmarks to evaluate progress 

As the largest owner of 
commercial real estate globally, 
we are committed to working 
with our portfolio companies and 
partners to drive ESG progress 
that creates lasting value for our 
investments, communities and 
stakeholders.8

Giovanni Cutaia 
Global Head of Real Estate Asset Management

Eric Duchon
Head of ESG for Blackstone  
Real Estate

Mr. Duchon is Head 
of ESG for Blackstone 
Real Estate. As part of the 
Real Estate Asset Management team, he 
partners with the firm’s central ESG team 
and Portfolio Operations to initiate, manage, 
implement and report on ESG initiatives 
across the global Real Estate portfolio. Prior 
to joining Blackstone in November 2020, 
Mr. Duchon was at LaSalle Investment 
Management, where he was a Managing 
Director and Global Head of Sustainability.

2 4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G
2 4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Green leases: Require green lease clauses in new commercial 
leases requesting tenants to provide utility data and collaborate 
with Blackstone on ESG initiatives, and incorporate green lease 
clauses in amendments, where practical; we focus on three topics 
in our green lease clauses: tenant sharing of energy and water data; 
cost-sharing responsibility of efficiency improvement projects; and 
metering systems as and when required by law13

Certifications, labels and ratings: Obtain green building 
certifications, labels and ratings, where practical, which have 
helped the industry define best practices for increasing energy, 
water and waste efficiency; stakeholders, including our investors, 
view this data to evaluate our ESG program 

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Active Participation in GRESB

Blackstone Real Estate has been an active participant of GRESB — an 
organization that collects, validates, scores and benchmarks ESG data —   
for the last seven years, commencing in 2015. Exemplifying our 
commitment to ESG, our participating real estate funds achieved strong 
2021 GRESB results, most exceeding the GRESB average with continued 
year-over-year performance improvements. 

Blackstone Infrastructure Partners has participated in the GRESB 
Infrastructure assessments since inception. In addition to outperforming 
the GRESB fund average, each of Infrastructure’s participating portfolio 
companies scored above their respective  
peer averages in 2021.

Link Logistics

In 2021, portfolio company Link Logistics, operator of the 
largest portfolio of logistics real estate assets in strategic 
last-mile locations in the US, committed to achieving 
carbon-neutral operations by 2025 as part of its aim to be 
the landlord of choice with a real-world record for helping 
tenants reduce their carbon footprint and ultimately their 
operating costs. Currently, four initiatives anchor Link’s 
strategy: 

	■ Targeting LEED certification for 100 % of new 

developments 

	■ Aiming to convert 100% of lighting to LED or high-

efficiency lighting by 2025

	■ Benchmarking 100% of the company’s building portfolio 
in the US Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY 
STAR Portfolio Manager tool

	■ Powering 100% of operations with renewable  

electricity by 2024

2 5                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Capital investment is just one 
ingredient in rebuilding our 
economy. A lasting recovery — 
driven by stronger companies and 
communities — also requires a 
long-term focus on sustainability, 
diverse workforces and good 
governance.

Kathleen McCarthy
Global Co-Head of Real Estate

Members of the Global Corporate Services ESG Team meet to discuss  
environmental performance solutions across our office locations.

Energy Efficiency in Blackstone’s 
Corporate Offices 

We are highly focused on corporate sustainability and pursuing environmental performance improvements at our 
office locations, led by our Global Corporate Services (GCS) team. 

We proactively renovate our spaces to provide additional employee amenities and comfort while 
implementing the most up-to-date efficient lighting and HVAC systems. Our replacement of existing lighting 
with LED lighting in our New York offices has resulted in a roughly 31 percent reduction in lighting energy 
usage. Recent renovations to select floors in New York included new energy-efficient, water-sourced HVAC 
heat pump systems to reduce reliance on carbon-based fuels for heating. Our London office at 40 Berkeley 
Square purchases 100 percent of its power from renewable energy suppliers.

We have glass, metal and plastic recycling procedures throughout pantries and meeting rooms. We also  
use a “secure print” system that requires print confirmation at all copiers, an effort to further reduce  
paper waste.

31% 

reduction in 
lighting energy 
usage at 
Blackstone’s  
New York offices

2 6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Corporate Carbon Footprint

EMISSIONS BY SCOPE 
(MTCO2e)

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

2019 

 536

8,438

15,890

2020

646

7,588

3,731

Total Emissions

24,865

11,965

GCS used the operational control method to generate a GHG 
Corporate Protocol-compliant emissions inventory: 

	■ Scope 1 includes emissions from onsite combustion at occupied 

offices and owned vehicles. 

	■ Scope 2 includes emissions caused by steam, chilled water and 
electricity emissions from occupied offices and data centers. 

	■ Scope 3 includes indirect emissions associated with common 
area consumption, waste, employee commuting and business 
travel. These emissions are location-based and do not factor in 
any offsets purchased through the supply chain.

25,000

20,000

15,000

10,000

5,000

0

2019 Emissions (MTCO2e)

2020 Emissions (MTCO2e)

  Combustion      

  Electricity     

  Waste      

  Commuting      

  Travel

We created a GHG inventory of our corporate emissions for 2019 and 2020. The significant decrease in emissions in 2020 is associated 
with COVID-19’s impact on commuting and business travel. In the coming year, we intend to develop a mitigation strategy to address 
our operational carbon emissions, using 2019 as a baseline year. An inventory of emissions associated with select investments is 
anticipated in 2022.

2 7                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         2 7

Thematic Investing in ESG 

Companies around the world are mobilizing to advance ESG initiatives. We are focused on investing in companies that 

are developing the solutions, technologies and infrastructure required to help the world make critical progress on 

these key issues. In some cases, we have identified companies through Blackstone’s own portfolio initiatives, and in 

other instances have utilized these investments to help our companies do better. We’ve highlighted some of our key 

investments below.

Blackstone Energy Partners

Blackstone Private Equity
Blackstone Capital Partners 

Therma & RE Tech: Blackstone partnered with RE Tech and 
Therma for years before investing in both companies in 2020 
and combining them to expand their scale and potentially 
help our portfolio companies further their emissions reduction 
cost-saving goals. Therma is a leading mechanical, electrical 
and controls services company focused on helping customers 
replace, upgrade and maintain their operations with energy-
efficient equipment. RE Tech, the first add-on to the Therma 
platform, designs, administers and tracks award-winning energy 
efficiency and ESG programs for clients. 

Array Technologies: In 2021, Blackstone committed to invest 
$500 million to grow Array Technologies, one of the world’s 
largest manufacturers of utility-scale solar tracker technology 
and ground-mounted systems. 
With efficient installation and 
terrain flexibility coupled with 
high reliability, durability and 
performance, Array delivers a 
lower-levelized cost of energy.

$500M 

committed for 
manufacturer of  
utility-scale solar 
technology

2,700 

DESOTEC: DESOTEC is a 
European environmental 
services company that creates 
innovative circular filtration 
solutions that reduce waste and 
enable cleaner water, air and soil. 
Acquired by Blackstone in March 2021, DESOTEC’s fleet  
of approximately 2,700 mobile filters is one of the largest  
of its kind in Europe. 

mobile filters, one of  
the largest fleets of  
its kind in Europe

Sona Comstar: Sona Comstar was formed in 2019 from a 
partnership between Blackstone, BLW Precision Forging, 
a leading company in automotive drivetrain solutions, and 
Comstar Automotive Technologies, Blackstone’s automotive 
portfolio company focused on global electric charging and 
starting solutions.  

Sphera: Blackstone acquired Sphera, a provider of ESG 
software, data and consulting services. Sphera’s experts work 
with organizations around the world to help them surface, 
manage and mitigate ESG risk. 

Blackstone Real Estate
Blackstone Real Estate 

StuyTown: Blackstone Real Estate invests in ESG solutions, such as renewable energy systems and 
technologies that reduce GHG emissions, for its assets. StuyTown is our largest residential property 
globally, with over 11,200 apartments in 56 buildings across 80 acres in Manhattan. In 2019, StuyTown 
completed the largest private multifamily rooftop solar project in the US, installing nearly 10,000 solar 
panels that approximately doubled Manhattan’s solar capacity at the time of installation. StuyTown has 
reduced on-site GHG emissions by approximately 15 percent since 2007 and in 2018 became the first 
private multifamily community in New York to be LEED Platinum-certified.

~15%

reduction in  
on-site greenhouse 
gas emissions 
in multifamily 
residential property

2 8                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G
2 8                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Blackstone Growth
Blackstone Growth

Blackstone Credit

Blackstone Credit

Oatly: Oatly is a sustainable Swedish food company in the 
plant-based food space, with patented original oatmilk and 
other products. Blackstone’s $200 million in equity investment 
is helping to fund the company’s overall growth plans.  

600 

cross-industry 
sustainability 
professionals at first 
annual Sustainability 
Roundtable

ISN: ISN is a third-party 
contractor and provider of 
supplier-management software. 
Its platform helps customers 
ensure that their contractors 
and suppliers meet key criteria 
for training, health and safety, 
cybersecurity and ESG factors. 
ISN’s first annual Sustainability Roundtable in March 2021 was 
attended by approximately 600 cross-industry sustainability 
professionals.

70% 

Headspace Health: 
Headspace Health provides 
self-guided care and 24/7 
on-demand coaching, as 
well as video-based therapy 
and psychiatry support 
through partnerships with 
employers, health plans and strategic partners. The platform 
has demonstrated clinically validated outcomes, with one 
study highlighting 70 percent of its users reporting a significant 
reduction in symptoms of depression. 

of platform users report 
a significant reduction 
in symptoms of 
depression

Blackstone Life Sciences
Blackstone Life Sciences 

Medtronic: Medtronic is a medical technology, services and 
solutions company, helping alleviate pain, restore health and 
extend life for millions of people around the world. Blackstone 
Life Sciences has invested in a number of Medtronic diabetes 
products, specifically to accelerate its diabetes pump and CGM 
technology pipeline, which reduces the burden of diabetes 
management.

of solar across 17 states 
since inception

350 MW 

Altus Power: Altus Power 
is a solar power company 
that provides clean 
electricity to commercial, 
industrial and municipal 
clients across the US. Blackstone and Altus have jointly 
developed, acquired and financed over 350 MW of solar across 
17 states since inception. Altus is helping to further Blackstone’s 
decarbonization objectives, with over 50 MW of solar under 
development on rooftops or sites controlled by Blackstone 
portfolio companies.

2.5+ GW 

of energy-storage 
capacity installed

Strata Clean Energy:  
Strata is a provider of  
utility-scale solar and battery-
energy-storage systems with 
400+ employees that has 

installed more than 2.5 GW of capacity. Blackstone’s investment 
is helping Strata fund development, construction and ownership 
of utility-scale solar and battery-storage assets across North 
America. 

~13,000 

GoodLeap: GoodLeap is 
one of the nation’s leaders 
in residential solar financing. 
Through GoodLeap’s platform, 
Blackstone Credit has acquired 
loans financing solar systems or 
energy efficiency enhancements 
for approximately 13,000 homeowners, dramatically decreasing 
the carbon footprints of their homes.

homeowners expected 
to receive financing for 
solar systems

ClearGen: ClearGen provides flexible, smart capital and 
consultative support to assist its partners — developers, energy 
service companies, equipment manufacturers and utilities—in 
their efforts to provide clean, reliable energy to their customers. 
ClearGen’s goal is to finance best-in-class energy solutions that 
deliver lower carbon footprint outcomes, working towards a 
greener, more profitable future. ClearGen has committed to 
fund more than $650 million of projects, including $500 million 
through a partnership with GreenStruxure, a joint venture of 
Schneider Electric and Huck Capital.

2 9                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         2 9

Investing in Clean Energy Solutions 

In the US, there are ambitious renewables mandates at the state level, and 
governments worldwide are setting aggressive carbon reduction targets. These goals 
are driving strong growth in demand for renewable power generation. Increasing 
electrification of transport, buildings and industrial sectors, coupled with an aging 
US transmission and distribution network, is driving heightened need for a modern, 
resilient grid and battery storage network. Decarbonization requires significant capital 
and innovation across large sectors of the global economy.

Blackstone Energy Partners (BEP) has committed $4.4 billion in a diverse portfolio of 
investments that Blackstone believes are consistent with the broader energy transition. 

Blackstone Credit has committed over $8 billion in renewables and climate change 
solutions, over $7 billion of which was invested in the last 24 months alone. 

Less than two percent of Blackstone’s portfolio across the firm on a fair market value 
basis is invested in upstream oil and gas. Blackstone intends to form funds in which we 
will not make any new investments in fossil fuel exploration and production, thermal 
coal mining or greenfield construction of coal-fired power plants. Energy infrastructure, 
including midstream, downstream and power generation are critical in many parts of 
the world to ensuring continued access to affordable and reliable energy. When we do 
invest in such assets, we will generally seek to improve their efficiency and facilitate the 
transition to cleaner energy.  

Blackstone Credit aims to play an 
essential role in funding the trillions 
of capital that will be required 
to decarbonize global society. 
By providing large-scale capital 
and access to Blackstone’s ESG 
resources, we are helping enable  
the global energy transition and 
investing in mega-trends that we 
believe will generate strong, long-
term returns for our investors.

Rob Horn
Co-Head of Energy Investing for Blackstone Credit

David Foley
Global Head of 
Blackstone Energy 
Partners

Mr. Foley is 
responsible 
for overseeing 
Blackstone’s private equity 
investment activities in the energy 
transition and climate solutions 
sector on a global basis. Since 
joining Blackstone in 1995, he has 
been responsible for building the 
Blackstone energy practice and 
has played an integral role in every 
energy-sector private equity deal that 
the firm has made. 

Bilal Khan 
Senior Managing 
Director, Private Equity

Mr. Khan is a 
Senior Managing 
Director in the 
Private Equity group. 
Since joining Blackstone in 2009, 
Mr. Khan has been involved in the 
execution of several Blackstone 
investments, including Transmission 
Developers Inc., Aypa Power, Onyx 
Renewables, Therma and Array 
Technologies.

Rob Horn 
Co-Head of Energy 
Investing for  
Blackstone Credit

Mr. Horn is 
the Co-Head of 
Energy Investing for 
Blackstone Credit, and leads the firm’s 
investment activities in renewable 
energy and sustainable resources. 
Mr. Horn is a member of Blackstone’s 
ESG Steering Committee and sits 
on the investment committees for 
Blackstone Credit’s structured products, 
performing credit, distressed credit and 
energy funds. 

3 0                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

Our strategy is to create value 
through accelerating the energy 
transition by funding the buildout 
of critical energy infrastructure 
and services needed to provide 
cleaner, more reliable and 
affordable energy for America.

David Foley
Global Head of Blackstone Energy Partners

Transmission Developers Inc.:  
Bringing Clean Energy to NYC

Our wholly owned portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. (TDI) was 
selected in September 2021 by the New York State Energy Research and Development 
Authority (NYSERDA) to deliver clean, renewable power to New York City. The project 
required a decade of development, working closely with communities, environmentalists 
and municipalities throughout New York State, reflecting our patience and commitment 
to the communities where we operate. 

TDI worked alongside Hydro-Quebec to develop the Champlain Hudson Power Express 
(CHPE), an underground electric transmission line spanning about 339 miles between 
Canada and New York City. The project will deliver 1,250 MW of clean power to New 
York City, which is still reliant on fossil fuels for approximately 85 percent of electricity 
consumption. CHPE is expected to decrease CO2 emissions attributed to the State 
of New York, specifically New York City, by an estimated average of 3.9 million metric 
tons per year. This is equivalent to removing an estimated 44 percent of the passenger 
vehicles from the streets of New York City.

339

mile electric transmission line

1,250 MW

of clean power to be  

delivered to NYC

~1,400

jobs expected to be created

CHPE is also expected to create approximately 1,400 jobs during construction, with a 
commitment to using union labor, and includes a $40 million new Green Economy Fund 
that will provide job training for clean energy jobs.

$40M

new Green Economy Fund

Blackstone portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. is building a 339-mile 
transmission line delivering 1,250 MW of renewable power to New York City.

3 1                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         3 1
A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                        3 1
A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                        3 1

SOCIAL: 

DIVERSITY AND CAREER MOBILITY AT HOME AND ACROSS OUR PORTFOLIO 

We recognize the impact Blackstone’s capital can have on the economy, society and our 
communities. We are actively focused on providing economic opportunity and career mobility 
across the firm and our portfolio.

Everything we do is guided by the principles that have been at the core of Blackstone since its 
inception: Accountability, Excellence, Integrity, Teamwork and Entrepreneurship. These define 
our character and culture. They are the shared convictions that we bring to our professional 
conduct and they are a fundamental strength of our business.

Consistent with these values, our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) policy centers around our 
most important asset — our people. Our focus on diversity stems from a belief that diverse 
teams make stronger companies. We are committed to attracting, developing and advancing 
a diverse workforce that represents a spectrum of backgrounds, identities and experiences. 
We are focused on embedding DEI principles to maintain a culture of equity and inclusion. We 
believe this will leverage the diversity of our workforce and deliver results for our investors.

Our belief in the importance of diversity is reflected at all levels of our organization. 
Approximately one-third of our leadership team is diverse and 50 percent of our primary 
businesses have a diverse professional as one of their top two leaders. We achieved 41 percent 
female representation globally and 49 percent racially diverse representation in the US among 
our 2021 incoming analyst class.

Blackstone is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and 
applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national 
origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender 
identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a 
victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other class or status in accordance 
with applicable federal, state and local laws. 
This policy applies to all terms and conditions 
of employment, including but not limited to 
hiring, placement, promotion, termination, 
transfer, leave of absence, compensation  
and training.  

We care greatly about the health, safety and 
wellbeing of our people and those across the 
Blackstone portfolio. We know that serving 
these people — both within the Blackstone 
family and our portfolio companies — will 
make us a stronger business and lead us to 
be better long-term investors. 

Global Head of Portfolio Operations Jennifer Morgan 
speaking at a recent event with Blackstone portfolio 
company Bumble.

3 2                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

We are committed to 
ensuring that people from 
diverse backgrounds across 
the country have access 
to the skill-building they 
need to participate in the 
21st-century economy and 
that workforces across the 
country are more diverse  
and inclusive.

Vik Sawhney
Chief Administrative Officer

We have an obligation as 
a leader in the business 
community to ensure that 
diverse backgrounds and 
perspectives are represented 
at all levels of our companies, 
including on their boards.  
Not only is championing 
diversity the right thing 
to do, it will also make our 
companies better.

Joe Baratta
Global Head of Private Equity

Making Paths, Mobilizing Talent 
Across Our Portfolio 

We know that leaders across our portfolio are making important decisions every day, 
and we want to ensure they have the input of people with different life experiences and 
perspectives. In 2021, we set a goal of achieving one-third diverse representation on 
portfolio company boards for control investments in the US and Europe. We believe that 
diverse teams make better decisions and that implementing this mandate will make our 
portfolio companies stronger and more resilient. 

Our Career Pathways program is designed to foster economic mobility and support 
ongoing diversity efforts at our portfolio companies by adopting inclusive workplace 
practices and expanding applicant pools through partnerships with organizations like  
Year Up and COOP Careers. These organizations provide training for talent from 
traditionally diverse and historically under-represented communities to prepare them  
for entry-level and middle-skill roles, including customer service, IT and operations.  
Through Career Pathways, we aim to create conditions within companies that support 
diverse hiring, retention and advancement and enable untapped talent to thrive. We  
plan to continue to track our progress in these areas annually.

These initiatives serve a clear objective: companies that support employees and foster  
DEI at every level are simply stronger.

Marcus Felder
Head of Career Pathways

Our goal with Career Pathways is to work from the 

ground up to increase employment opportunities 

and career mobility for people from diverse and 

historically under-represented communities. 

But this isn’t just about getting somebody a job; 

it’s about supporting their development and 

providing opportunities for coaching and training 

so they can have long careers.

Diversity at the board level adds meaningful  

long-term value for companies and their owners. 

We have set ambitious goals, and I am proud of  

our commitment towards ensuring that they  

are met.

Courtney della Cava
Global Head of Portfolio Talent & Leadership

3 3                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Over 100,000 Veterans Hired  
Across Our Portfolio

In July 2021, Blackstone achieved its goal of hiring 100,000 
veterans, veteran spouses and caregivers across its portfolio. 

In 2013, our Chairman and CEO, Steve Schwarzman, attended an 
event with then-First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House.  
He heard the First Lady describe the serious challenges faced  
by American veterans as they transitioned to civilian life after 
serving our country. He returned to Blackstone determined  
to help address the problem. 

Steve committed Blackstone to working across our portfolio to 
hire 50,000 veterans over five years. Blackstone formally signed 
onto “Joining Forces,” the White House initiative spearheaded 
by First Ladies Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden and partnered 
with the Department of Veterans Affairs and other veterans 
organizations to develop an action plan.

Blackstone’s portfolio companies stepped up to the challenge. 
They went to extraordinary lengths to develop resources within 
their own organizations to recruit and retain former service 
members and their families. Blackstone supported this effort by 
connecting portfolio companies with veterans organizations, 
providing playbooks, resources and webinars and hosting an 
annual Veterans Hiring Summit. We also hired several veterans 
at Blackstone along the way.

When we launched our Veterans Hiring Initiative, we believed 
that veterans were a valuable and underappreciated talent 
pool. Our expectations were exceeded, with portfolio company 
CEOs and hiring managers remarking regularly on how these 
individuals embodied exceptional dedication, commitment  
and tested leadership ability. 

For nearly a decade, Blackstone’s companies have led 
by example, giving veterans and military spouses the 
training and skill-sets to help them find long-term, 
meaningful careers. Their commitment and passion 
have made a meaningful difference in the lives of 
countless military families and we are honored to 

work with them.

Eric Eversole
President of Hiring Our Heroes 

3 4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Steve Schwarzman
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder

America’s military veterans embody the 

traits that help our portfolio companies 

succeed and grow. These individuals are 

hardworking, adaptable, collaborative, 

reliable and possess the highest integrity. 

We are excited about the success of this 

initiative to date and look forward to 

expanding its impact in the future to 

support our country’s veterans and  

their loved ones.

In 2017, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our portfolio 
companies, we hit our target one year earlier than expected 
and pledged to hire another 50,000 over five years. We 
achieved our goal of 100,000 veterans, spouses and caregivers 
in record time, reaching our 10-year goal in eight years! 

Today, our Veterans Hiring Initiative sits within our Career 
Pathways program, and we intend to continue our focus on 
providing economic opportunities and career mobility for 
veterans. 

In 2021, we were also pleased to welcome General David L. 
Goldfein, the 21st Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force,  
as a Senior Advisor.12 

INTRODUCTION        COVID-19       GOVERNANCE        ENVIRONMENTAL        SOCIAL        APPENDIX

100K

hired veterans, 
veteran spouses  
and caregivers

3 5                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G                         3 5

Creating Economic Opportunity Through the 
Blackstone Charitable Foundation

Founded in 2007, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation is committed to supporting 
Blackstone’s goal of creating economic opportunity for under-resourced communities. 

The Foundation’s programs aim to increase access to entrepreneurship and innovation 
skills. This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, 
which helps college and university students gain entrepreneurial experiences and 
competencies to build successful companies and careers. 

The Foundation also supports communities through BX Connects, a program that drives 
community engagement, provides disaster relief and guides employees in board service 
placement. 

Blackstone LaunchPad 

The innovation, skill-set and support of young people is something we at Blackstone see as 
crucial to our economy. Blackstone LaunchPad is a university-based program designed to 
foster entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial skills among students. The program both helps 
aspiring entrepreneurs learn how to launch ventures at every level of the creation process 
and teaches the entrepreneurial skills that are critical for any student to succeed in 21st-
century jobs. 

As Blackstone LaunchPad has evolved, it has aimed to reach more students — focusing 
on those who need access to programming the most and spreading the message that 
entrepreneurial skills are beneficial to everyone for career opportunity and mobility, not 
just those starting their own ventures. Earlier this year, the Foundation announced a 
$40 million expansion of the program, anticipating to grow from 30 to around 75 campuses 
over the next five years, with a focus on colleges and universities that have a majority 
diverse population or are serving under-resourced communities. As part of this, Blackstone 
Launchpad is working with UNCF, the nation’s largest private scholarship provider to 
minority group members, to help identify schools where we can maximize impact, develop 
plans to support students and amplify LaunchPad’s mission.

We look forward 
to building on the 
Foundation’s commitment 
to providing access to 
critical entrepreneurial 
skills so that all students, 
no matter their starting 
point, background or 
future plans, can succeed 
in building start-ups and 
launching careers.

Amy Stursberg
Executive Director of the Blackstone  
Charitable Foundation

In 2021, Blackstone LaunchPad rolled out expansions to the 
University of Texas system, three HBCUs (Historically Black Colleges 
& Universities) in Atlanta, nine schools across the CUNY system in 
New York and two Hispanic Serving Institutions in Nevada. 

BX Connects

BX Connects uses the firm’s scale, talent and resources to make 
grants, develop nonprofit partnerships and create employee 
engagement opportunities. In 2020, 76 percent of our global 
employees participated in firm-sponsored employee engagement 
activities and committed over 8,900 hours in support of our 
communities. As part of this, the Foundation hosts the annual BX 
Gives Back Challenge, where hundreds of employees compete in 
nominating charitable organizations and voting on the “People’s 
Choice” award.

3 6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G
3 6                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Jon Gray celebrates winners of the annual Blackstone Gives 
Back Challenge, in which grants are awarded to charitable 
organizations nominated by employees across the firm. 

DEI is critically important to 
our culture and makes us better 
investors. At Blackstone, we 
are committed to increasing 
diversity, and the scale of our 
portfolio — over 250 companies 
that employ more than half a 
million people — allows us to 
have a massive impact.5

Paige Ross
Global Head of Human Resources

Robin Wynn
Global Head of Employee Relations

Ms. Wynn focuses on coaching and 
guiding senior business leaders on 
employee issues. She also oversees 
the “Respect at Work” program and 
engages in various initiatives across 
the firm. Before joining Blackstone 
in 2008, Ms. Wynn worked as an HR 
Business Partner at Citigroup.

Provided to new hires globally each year, our Respect at Work training  
program equips employees to create a respectful workplace environment.

Our Human Capital Management Policies: 
Ensuring Safety and Equity 

Our culture is supported and reaffirmed by policies that further enhance our values. 

We have a comprehensive anti-harassment policy in our US employee handbook 
and administer a “Respect at Work” training program for new hires globally each year. 
This training equips employees to foster diversity, prevent and respond to sexual 
harassment, create a respectful workplace environment and prevent discrimination 
and retaliation, among other topics.

All employees may request reasonable accommodations at the office if required 
due to a disability, religious requirement, pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical or 
common condition related to pregnancy or childbirth, domestic violence, a sex offense 
or stalking. Any other reasonable accommodations may be available depending on the 
circumstances. 

No employee will be subject to retaliation or punishment for good-faith reporting of 
suspected violations of law or of our ethical standards by another employee or for 
coming forward to alert the firm of any questionable situation. Our non-retaliation 
policy, described in our US employee handbook, prohibits Blackstone and its directors, 
officers and employees from directly or indirectly discharging, demoting, suspending, 
threatening, harassing or in any other manner discriminating or retaliating against an 
employee because the employee, in good faith, reported information under that policy 
or under applicable law, assisted in investigating such a report, testified or assisted in 
a proceeding involving harassment or discrimination or encouraged another to report 
harassment or discrimination.

3 7                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Fostering Diverse Talent by  
Creating Community 

Blackstone is committed to holistically promoting diversity, equity and inclusion 
within the firm and across our portfolio and industry. We believe DEI leads to stronger 
companies that outperform over time. In 2021, we launched our inaugural DEI Report, 
which outlines our firmwide approach to integrating DEI. 

Recruiting and Supporting Diverse Talent

We are committed to building an early-career talent pipeline and are focused on 
expanding our campus recruiting to widen the funnel of applicants. 

We broadened the number of schools from where we recruit to 44 in 2020, focusing 
these efforts to include more HBCUs, such as Howard University, Morehouse College 
and Spelman College. 

In 2013, we launched our Future Women Leaders program to create a talent pipeline 
that could become our next generation of senior leadership. The program, hosted 
annually in New York and London, provides university women students with early 
exposure to finance through seminars, technical training, networking events and 
mentorship. 

Building on the success of this program, we have also launched:

	■ The Diverse Leaders Program, which focuses on building our pipeline of  

diverse talent

	■ The Future Women Innovators Program and Diverse Innovators Program, which  
aim to build a pipeline for women and diverse talent in the technology industry

We are leveraging more technology in the recruitment process — including Pymetrics, 
a talent matching platform that has been shown to help reduce bias, and Handshake, 
a college job board — to expand our reach. We are also cultivating new and existing 
partnerships with organizations such as SEO, Toigo and Girls Who Invest that create 
opportunity for diverse talent. 

The more diverse junior talent we can attract and hire early on, the more opportunities 
there are for these individuals to grow and become the firm’s future leaders. In that 
vein, we are equally focused on recruiting diverse talent at senior levels and retaining 
them as they grow their careers at Blackstone.

W E L C O M E

I am thrilled to be helping 
Blackstone continue to 
integrate DEI principles into 
the workplace culture and the 
various talent and business 
functions and also ensure 
that we leverage its expansive 
platform to promote diversity, 
equity and inclusion in the 
industries and communities 
it serves. The firmwide 
commitment has impressed 
me, and I’m excited about 
what we can accomplish in the 
coming months and years.

Devin Glenn
Global Head of DEI 

Ms. Glenn is responsible for continuing 
to implement policies and initiatives 
that will help Blackstone achieve a 
more diverse and inclusive workplace, 
both at the firm and its portfolio 
companies. Ms. Glenn joins from 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & 
Flom LLP where she was the Assistant 
Director of Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion.

3 8                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Affinity Networks for Engagement and Retention 

Blackstone’s employee affinity networks are dedicated to recruiting, retaining and raising awareness of diverse groups through speaker 
series, networking events, service opportunities and mentoring relationships. Our networks operate in an integrated way, supporting each 
other’s goals and frequently co-hosting events, highlighting the intersectionality of DEI topics. 

Wesley LePatner
Global Chief Operating Officer, Core+, COO BREIT 
(Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust); Chair of 
the Blackstone Women’s Initiative

Chris James
Chief Operating Officer, Tactical 
Opportunities; Chair of the Blackstone 
Diverse Professionals Network

Women’s Initiative

Diverse Professionals Network

The Blackstone Women’s Initiative drives a multitude 
of programs across the firm focused on developing 
women’s careers, fostering connectivity across businesses, 
encouraging organic mentorship relationships and helping 
shape our recruiting strategy. We recently expanded the 
program to our portfolio companies.

Blackstone launched its Diverse Professionals Network 
(DPN) to recruit and retain individuals from under-
represented groups at Blackstone, as well as to create 
an inclusive community of diverse employees within the 
firm. The DPN provides a platform for these groups to 
connect globally and advance the dialogue regarding the 
importance of diversity for our business.

Brad Boggess
Managing Director, Credit; Co-Chair  
of the Blackstone Veterans Network

Jason Santamaria
Managing Director, Portfolio  
Operations; Co-Chair of the  
Blackstone Veterans Network

Marshall Sprung
Global Head of Compliance;  
Co-Chair of OUT Blackstone

Peter Koffler
General Counsel for BAAM;  
Co-Chair of OUT Blackstone

Veterans Network

OUT Blackstone

The Veterans Network aims to cultivate a community 
of veterans and advocates who can add value and 
unique perspectives and enhance Blackstone’s 
business and culture. 

OUT Blackstone provides a supportive network for LGBT+ 
employees and helps to recruit and retain talented LGBT+ 
individuals. In 2020, OUT Blackstone joined Out Leadership, 
the oldest and largest coalition of global companies working 
to improve LGBT+ equality in the world.

3 9                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Providing Training and Development to  
All Employees 

Blackstone offers a wide range of 
learning and professional development 
opportunities, both formally and informally, 
to help employees advance their careers 
and maximize the value they can add to 
the global firm. This includes compliance 
and related trainings. 

Incoming analyst classes are provided with 
training that spans several weeks. We have 
introduced Culture Onboarding programs 
for new hires at all levels every six months 
to help them thrive in our culture. 

Over the course of their careers at 
Blackstone, employees are offered learning 
opportunities in a number of areas, 
including leadership and management 
development and communication 
skills, among others. We offer a global 
development curriculum that codifies 
key capabilities required to succeed at 
Blackstone, and we also partner with 
external organizations, such as Training the 

Street, Templar Partners and Paradigm, 
to deliver training programs for our 
employees.

We also have targeted programs termed 
“Next Level Leadership” for cohorts of 
newly promoted employees at different 
levels in the firm. We consistently seek to 
create visibility and opportunities for talent 
with the ability to take on roles beyond 
their current positions, and managers 
connect regularly to discuss and match 
talent with critical roles. These efforts result 
in cross-pollination of talent that engages 
our people and generates stronger 
outcomes for our firm. 

Employees can take advantage of speaker 
events offered through our DEI affinity 
groups, which cover topics such as racial 
equity, resilience, allyship and more. These 
development opportunities bring together 
employees across business units with 
diverse talents and backgrounds, providing 

them with opportunities for networking 
and knowledge sharing. Employee DEI 
trainings include conscious inclusion topics 
and are featured in Culture Onboarding 
programming for new joiners. 

A core part of the employee development 
process is our formal annual firmwide 
360 feedback review, where all 
employees globally are asked to evaluate 
themselves and people they frequently 
work with on an upward, downward 
and colleague basis. These evaluations 
enable Blackstone and its employees to 
understand how they have performed 
over the past year and how they can 
continue to grow. Evaluations consider, 
among other factors, a professional’s 
ability to execute responsibilities and 
meet expectations included in their job 
description. All reviews are anonymous 
and remain confidential. Once review 
submissions have been consolidated and 
evaluated, each employee meets with their 
manager to discuss key strengths, areas of 
development, achievements over the past 
year and goals for the year ahead.

We provide support to managers as they 
monitor and develop in actively managing 
the performance of their employees during 
mid-year check-ins, year-end 360 feedback 
meetings and at other times throughout 
the year. We have quarterly training 
workshops on topics including Delivering 
Feedback, Coaching High Performers 
and Developing Others’ Careers. We also 
educate employees on how to actively 
solicit feedback and offer training on how 
to develop their own careers. 

Members of the Diverse Professionals Network meet to 
discuss the upcoming calendar of DEI speakers.

4 0                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Recruiting and Engaging Talent 

We regularly gather feedback from our 
employees via annual internal and/or 
external surveys to assess employee 
engagement/satisfaction and develop 
targeted solutions. 

We continue to be viewed as an employer 
of choice in our industry, receiving 
approximately 29,000 applicants for 103 
positions in our most recent 2021 analyst 
class recruiting cycle.

Providing Comprehensive 
Benefits to Our People 

Blackstone offers comprehensive and 
competitive benefits to its full-time 
employees, including primary and 
secondary caregiver leave, adoption 
leave, phased back to work, fertility 
coverage, back up childcare and more.14 

We continually evaluate and enhance 
our offerings to meet the needs of our 
employees. We recently introduced 
additional family planning benefits for US 
employees such as enhancing infertility 
benefits to include cryopreservation and 
extending primary caregiver leave to 20 
weeks (up from 16 weeks). 

4 1                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Members of the Women’s Initiative gather 
at a recent Task Force meeting. 

Employee Health, Safety  
and Wellbeing 

We offer employee well-being programs, 
including an online therapy program and 
access to an education platform with 
coaching to support working parents 
and caretakers caring for children who 
have behavioral problems, autism or 
developmental disabilities.  

We also provide access to programs to 
further assist our employees in managing 
their lives outside of work, such as group 
legal services to help with estate planning 
and surrogacy agreements.

Building Healthier Healthcare with 
Blackstone’s Equity Healthcare

In 2008, Blackstone founded Equity 
Healthcare to leverage the size of our 
combined portfolio to access higher 
quality health coverage for our US portfolio 
company employees at a lower cost than 
they would each be able to obtain on 
their own. More than 200,000 individuals 
are covered, and they report being three 
times as satisfied with their healthcare 
experience compared to industry averages.15 
Approximately $1 billion in savings has  
been realized across the program.16

DISCLOSURES

Important Information

All information is as of September 30, 2021 
(the “Reporting Date”), unless otherwise 
indicated, and may change in the future. Certain 
adjustments have been made as of April 4, 
2023. Capitalized terms used in this document 
(together with any attachments, appendices, 
and related materials, the “Materials”) but not 
otherwise defined have the meanings set forth 
in the Offering Documents (as defined herein). 
References to Blackstone in the Materials refer 
to Blackstone Inc. together with certain of its 
affiliates. In certain instances in the Materials, 
references to Blackstone may include activities, 
initiatives or other information of Blackstone 
portfolio companies or investments. Blackstone 
undertakes no obligation to update or revise 
any information in the Materials, whether as a 
result of new information, future developments 
or otherwise. 

The Materials are provided for informational 
purposes only and is not, and may not, be relied 
on in any manner as legal, tax, investment, 
accounting or other advice or as an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security 
or instrument in or to participate in any trading 
strategy with any Blackstone fund, account 
or other investment vehicle (each a “Fund”), 
nor shall it or the fact of its distribution form 
the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, 
any contract or investment decision. If such 
offer is made, it will only be made by means 
of an offering memorandum (collectively 
with additional offering documents, the 
“Offering Documents”), which would contain 
material information (including certain risks 
of investing in such Fund) not contained in 
the Materials and which would supersede 
and qualify in its entirety the information set 
forth in the Materials. Any decision to invest 
in a Fund should be made after reviewing the 
Offering Documents of such Fund, conducting 
such investigations as the investor deems 

4 2                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

necessary and consulting the investor’s own 
legal, accounting and tax advisers to make an 
independent determination of the suitability 
and consequences of an investment in such 
Fund. In the event that the descriptions or 
terms described herein are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of the 
Offering Documents, the Offering Documents 
shall control. None of Blackstone, its funds, nor 
any of their affiliates makes any representation 
or warranty, express or implied, as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained herein and nothing contained 
herein should be relied upon as a promise or 
representation as to past or future performance 
of a Fund or any other entity, transaction, or 
investment. 

Blackstone Proprietary Data and Third 
Party Information. Certain information and 
data provided in the Materials is based on 
Blackstone proprietary knowledge and data. 
Portfolio companies may provide proprietary 
market data to Blackstone, including about 
local market supply and demand conditions, 
current market rents and operating expenses, 
capital expenditures, and valuations for multiple 
assets. Such proprietary market data is used 
by Blackstone to evaluate market trends as 
well as to underwrite potential and existing 
investments. Additionally, certain information 
contained in the Materials (including, but not 
limited to, information related to portfolio 
companies on pages 9, 15, 23, 25, 28, 29, 31, 
and 34 of the Materials) has been obtained 
from portfolio companies and/or sources 
outside Blackstone, such as press releases, 
reports, websites, and/or articles, which in 
certain cases have not been updated through 
the date hereof. While Blackstone currently 
believes that such information is reliable for 
purposes used herein, it is subject to change, 
and reflects Blackstone’s opinion as to whether 

the amount, nature and quality of the data is 
sufficient for the applicable conclusion, and no 
representations are made as to the accuracy or 
completeness thereof and none of Blackstone, 
its funds, nor any of their affiliates takes any 
responsibility for, and has not independently 
verified, any such information. 

Case Studies. The selected investment 
examples, case studies and/or transaction 
summaries presented or referred to herein 
may not be representative of all transactions 
of a given type or of investments generally 
and are intended to be illustrative of the types 
of investments that have been made or may 
be made by a Fund in employing such Fund’s 
investment strategies. It should not be assumed 
that comparable investments will be made in 
the future or that the success of ESG initiatives 
implemented by Blackstone or its portfolio 
companies is guaranteed. Certain investment 
examples described herein may be owned by 
investment vehicles managed by Blackstone 
and by certain other third-party equity partners, 
and in connection therewith Blackstone may 
own less than a majority of the equity securities 
of such investment.

ERISA Fiduciary Disclosure. The foregoing 
information has not been provided in a fiduciary 
capacity under ERISA, and it is not intended to 
be, and should not be considered as, impartial 
investment advice.

ESG. Descriptions of ESG initiatives in these 
Materials related to Blackstone’s portfolio, 
portfolio companies, and investments 
(collectively, “portfolio companies”) are not 
guarantees or promises that all or any such 
initiatives will be achieved. Statements about 
ESG initiatives or practices related to portfolio 
companies do not apply in every instance 
and depend on factors including, but not 
limited to, the relevance or implementation 

Opinions. Opinions expressed reflect the 
current opinions of Blackstone as of the date 
appearing in the Materials only and are based 
on Blackstone’s opinions of the current market 
environment, which is subject to change. 
Certain information contained in the Materials 
discusses general market activity, industry or 
sector trends, or other broad-based economic, 
market or political conditions and should not be 
construed as research or investment advice. 

Trends. There can be no assurances that any 
of the trends described herein will continue 
or will not reverse. Past events and trends do 
not imply, predict or guarantee, and are not 
necessarily indicative of, future events or results. 

© 2021 Blackstone Inc. By receiving or 
reviewing the Materials, you agree that the 
Materials are the intellectual property of 
Blackstone Inc. and that you will not directly 
or indirectly copy, modify, recast, publish or 
redistribute the Materials and the information 
therein, in whole or in part, or otherwise make 
any commercial use of this material without 
Blackstone’s prior written consent. All rights 
reserved. All rights to the trademarks and/
or logos presented herein belong to their 
respective owners and Blackstone’s use 
hereof does not imply an affiliation with, or 
endorsement by, the owners of these logos.

statements. We believe these factors include 
but are not limited to the impact of the novel 
coronavirus (“COVID-19”), as well as those 
described under the section entitled “Risk 
Factors” in Blackstone’s Annual Report on Form 
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, 
as such factors may be updated from time 
to time in our periodic filings with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(“SEC”), which are accessible on the SEC’s 
website at www.sec.gov. These factors should 
not be construed as exhaustive and should be 
read in conjunction with the other cautionary 
statements that are included in the Materials 
and in our other periodic filings. The forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date of 
the Materials, and we undertake no obligation 
to publicly update or review any forward-
looking statement, whether as a result of new 
information, future developments or otherwise.

Images. The Materials contain select images 
of certain investments that are provided for 
illustrative purposes only and may not be 
representative of an entire asset or portfolio or 
of a Fund’s entire portfolio. Such images may 
be digital renderings of investments rather than 
actual photos. 

No Assurance of Investment Return. 
Prospective investors should be aware that 
an investment in a Fund is speculative and 
involves a high degree of risk. There can be no 
assurance that a Fund will achieve comparable 
results, implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its objectives or avoid substantial 
losses or that any expected returns will be 
met. A Fund’s performance may be volatile. 
An investment should only be considered by 
sophisticated investors who can afford to lose 
all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
A Fund’s fees and expenses may offset or 
exceed its profits. There can be no assurances 
that Blackstone’s investment objectives for any 
Fund will be achieved or that its investment 
programs will be successful. Past performance is 
not a guarantee of future results.

status of an ESG initiative to or within the 
portfolio company; the nature and/or extent 
of investment in, ownership of or, control or 
influence exercised by Blackstone with respect 
to the portfolio company; and other factors as 
determined by investment teams, corporate 
groups, asset management teams, portfolio 
operations teams, companies, investments, 
and/or businesses on a case-by-case basis. In 
particular, certain ESG initiatives or practices 
described in these Materials are less applicable 
to or not implemented at all with respect to 
Strategic Partners and Blackstone’s public 
markets investing businesses, specifically, 
Credit, Hedge Fund Solutions (BAAM) and 
Harvest.  While Blackstone believes ESG factors 
can enhance long-term value, Blackstone 
does not pursue an ESG-based investment 
strategy or limit its investments to those that 
meet specific ESG criteria or standards (except 
with respect to products or strategies that are 
explicitly designated as doing so in their Offering 
Documents or other applicable governing 
documents). Any such considerations do not 
qualify Blackstone’s objectives to maximize risk-
adjusted returns.

Forward-Looking Statements. The Materials 
may contain forward-looking statements within 
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
which reflect our current views with respect 
to, among other things, our operations, taxes, 
earnings and financial performance, share 
repurchases and dividends. You can identify 
these forward-looking statements by the use of 
words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believes,” 
“expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” 
“should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” 
“intends,” “plans,” “scheduled,” “estimates,” 
“anticipates” or the negative version of these 
words or other comparable words. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to 
various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, 
there are or will be important factors that 
could cause actual outcomes or results to 
differ materially from those indicated in these 

4 3                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

4 4                         A N   I N T E G R AT E D   A P P R O A C H   T O   E S G

Endnotes1 As of September 2020. 2 Starting in 2021, we will seek to reduce carbon emissions by 15% in the aggregate within the first three years of ownership across all new investments globally where we control energy usage.3 Starting in 2021, we will target at least one-third diverse representation on new controlled portfolio company boards in the US and Europe. 4 We define diversity based on gender, race and sexual orientation, when known.5 As of June 2021.6 As of July 2021.7 As of October 2021.8 Largest owner based on estimated market value per Real Capital analytics, excludes governmental entities and religious organizations.9 Blackstone has chosen Schneider Electric to help us track energy usage and spend data. Companies with significant energy spend are introduced to Schneider to evaluate a system-of-record offering.10 Such requirements exist only in countries where Blackstone can require vaccination status.11 The areas within the scope of the review include policies and procedures, disclosures, recordkeeping, licenses, whistleblowing, oversight, designation of chief compliance officer and conflicts of interest related to personal trade clearance, outside business activities, gifts & entertainment, political contributions and charitable donations.12 Senior advisors are not Blackstone employees. There can be no assurance that such professionals will be associated with the fund throughout the life of the fund. The level of involvement and role of the advisors with each Blackstone portfolio company may vary, including having no involvement or role at all.13 Green lease clause requirements were mandated in Q4 2020. Applicable to investments where Blackstone has majority control. Green clauses will be implemented on a rolling basis.14 Fertility coverage and back-up childcare benefits differ in APAC — primary and secondary caregiver leave, adoption leave and phased back-to-work are global policies.15 As of July 2020.16 As of 2019.At Blackstone, ESG is aligned 

with our core mission of creating 

long-term value for our investors. 

We seek to embed it within 

our investment process and 

operating philosophy.

Stephen A. Schwarzman
Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder

blackstone.com

Front Cover: Blackstone portfolio company 
Transmission Developers Inc. is building a 339 mile 
transmission line delivering 1250 MW of renewable 
power to New York City.

Front Cover: Blackstone portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. is building a 339 mile transmission line delivering 1250 MW of renewable power to New York City.At Blackstone, ESG is aligned with our core mission of creating long-term value for our investors. We seek to embed it within our investment process and operating philosophy.Stephen A. SchwarzmanChairman, CEO and Co-Founderblackstone.comNovember 2021AN INTEGRATEDAPPROACHTO ESGBLACKSTONE ESG UPDATE2021We view ESG as central to our mission of delivering strong returns for clients.

Blackstone is using its scale and expertise to help strengthen our companies, assets and the communities in which they operate.

Blackstone believes that Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) principles are crucial to developing strong, resilient companies and assets that deliver long term value for our investors.

We are committed to integrating ESG within our investment process and operating philosophy.

While ESG is a vast and growing field, we have chosen to prioritize decarbonization, diversity and good governance to create stronger companies and long term value for our investors.

We aim to lead by example and apply our insights to drive change across our portfolio.

The power of our model is supported by strong operational interventions, led by our Portfolio Operations and Asset Management teams.

While the last two years presented unprecedented challenges for so many, we are grateful that Blackstone’s people remained focused on delivering for our investors, including by advancing our ESG priorities.

We are proud of the extensive safety measures we put in place during this time that enabled us to return to the office and be together.

We have consciously accelerated our ESG initiatives, both within our firm and across our portfolio.

At Blackstone, we have added considerable domain expertise, become a member of leading organizations such as Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) to advance several priority ESG initiatives across our industry and started reporting on ESG progress to our board quarterly.

We refined the giving strategy of the Blackstone Charitable Foundation to expand our focus on economic opportunity and career mobility.

We aim to provide a broader range of individuals with skill building opportunities while also mobilizing our resources to support COVID 19 relief.

These accomplishments represent our ongoing commitment to fostering diversity and economic opportunity, not only within our portfolio companies but also at home.

We have also partnered with portfolio companies to advance several important initiatives.

Our dedicated sustainability team is hard at work operationalizing our 15 percent emissions reduction target, an aggregate, three year goal that applies to investments where we control the energy usage.2 Leveraging Blackstone’s scale to spur these near term results, we designed the program to help businesses attain measurable, cost effective decarbonization and position themselves for the transition.

We’ve similarly made meaningful commitments on the social and governance fronts.

We announced a target of at least one third diverse representation on controlled portfolio company boards in the US and Europe, as we believe diversity of thought and experience builds better businesses.3,4 We launched our Career Pathways pilot program, creating economic opportunity across our portfolio through career mobility and ensuring select portfolio companies have access to the largest pool of talent.

We are tremendously proud to have achieved our goal of hiring over 100,000 veterans, veteran spouses and caregivers at our portfolio companies since 2013.

Finally, we encouraged portfolio companies to report to their respective boards on ESG on a regular basis.

In line with our thematic approach to investing, we are investing heavily in businesses that are focused on supporting the energy transition.

Since 2019, Blackstone has committed nearly 10 billion in investments that we believe are consistent with the broader energy transition.

Portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc., for example, is building a 339 mile transmission line that is expected to deliver 1,250 MW of renewable power to New York City.

It is expected to decrease New York CO2 emissions by an estimated average of 3.9 million metric tons per year equivalent to removing approximately 44 percent of passenger vehicles from New York City.

Across our recent private equity investments, we are also supporting diverse leaders and have invested over 10 billion in companies led by women CEOs since 2019, partnering with entrepreneurs like Whitney Wolfe Herd of Bumble, Sara Blakely of Spanx and Reese Witherspoon of Hello Sunshine.7 We also invested 16 billion in life sciences in 2020.

We believe that by investing in these macro trends today, we can build businesses with long term resilience.

Blackstone’s global reach creates both a unique opportunity and responsibility.

We are an owner of more than 10,000 real estate assets and we employ more than half a million people across our 250 portfolio companies.5 Additionally, we are the largest owner of commercial real estate globally.8 The sheer breadth of our influence not only enables but compels us to steward our resources with great care in order to create value for our investors, with intense consideration for the impact of our portfolio companies on the communities in which they operate and the environment.

We take that responsibility seriously, and we’re delighted at this opportunity to share our vision for how we can deliver for our investors by advancing ESG priorities.

Thank you for taking the time to learn about our approach.

In 2019, StuyTown completed the largest private multifamily rooftop solar project in the US, installing nearly 10,000 solar panels, which approximately doubled Manhattan’s solar capacity at the time of installation.

We believe ESG is a key component of how we create long term value for our investors.

It informs the way we run our firm, approach investing and partner with the assets in our portfolio.

We take a highly coordinated approach, knitting these efforts together through a dedicated corporate ESG team that looks to apply our ESG policies, champion firm wide initiatives and regularly report progress to stakeholders.

Many of these, like promoting sustainability and diversity, are today considered core components of ESG.

We are confident that the more we weave ESG factors into our corporate purpose and performance, the more value we will be able to deliver for our investors, our portfolio companies and the communities we serve.

This update will detail some of the important advancements we’ve made in scaling our ESG program and outline other efforts where we have more work to do.

It is intended to lay out our vision, priorities and path of travel.

Our approach is grounded in a responsibility to our investors to be careful stewards of capital.

We aim to practice what we preach, applying ESG principles at the corporate level before leveraging our scale to implement portfolio wide change.

We believe our accomplishments in 2021, outlined below, were significant and reflect a greater emphasis on processes, policies, integration and engagement than ever before.

An integrated ESG team: ESG is integrated across the firm.

Our Private Equity, Real Estate, BAAM and Credit businesses each have a designated ESG head to enable coordination across corporate ESG, investment teams, corporate groups, Asset Management teams and Portfolio Operations.

The number of ESG related professionals at Blackstone has grown fivefold since 2019, with 14 professionals added in 2021 alone, and we will continue to expand our team with domain experts.

Maintaining clear ESG governance: Our senior leadership and board of directors are highly supportive and engaged on ESG.

We report to our board quarterly and are supported by dedicated steering committees.

We have a firmwide ESG policy that works in concert with our various business units’ ESG policies.

Using data to measure progress: We gather and monitor key metrics to hold ourselves accountable.

We are focused on providing greater transparency to stakeholders over time.

By considering applicable ESG factors in the investment process, we aim to identify and address material investment risks to drive value.

Tying diligence to action: We are evaluating processes to more systematically identify ESG factors during diligence and tie those factors to intervention plans and measurement throughout the lifecycle of an investment.

Priority ESG initiatives: We seek to set clear expectations for our investments where applicable and strongly encourage them to consider a select number of priority ESG initiatives focused on diversity, decarbonization and good governance.

Integrating ESG standards and priorities: We endeavor to share our learnings and help our portfolio companies implement ESG policies, processes and reporting.

We encourage our portfolio companies to consider ESG factors that are material for their business and sector.

Ongoing monitoring: For majority owned portfolio companies in our funds, we conduct an annual ESG survey and quarterly data collection.

Those that entered our portfolio in 2021 or later and are within the scope of our Emissions Reduction Program are asked to track utility spend.9 We have started work on generating a measured carbon footprint for investments where we have majority ownership and board control on an annual basis, allowing us to evaluate progress and focus our efforts on the largest opportunities for impact.

We are also proud to have signed onto the ESG Data Convergence Project championed by our limited partners.

We are proud of what we have achieved so far and excited to continue building on these achievements.

In this update a precursor to our 2021 ESG report we provide an overview of our vision and our plan to realize that vision in each priority area.

Full ESG integration requires real commitment and considerable investment.

On behalf of all of us at Blackstone, thank you for taking the time to read our update.

We look forward to your feedback and support as we continue to advance our ESG priorities.

When COVID 19 hit, we had three main goals: support our employees, help our portfolio companies and assets weather the pandemic and aid the communities most in need.

Thanks to excellent planning, technology and focus, we seamlessly transitioned to remote work and made our primary focus keeping our people safe and connected.

Blackstone’s COVID 19 Response Team, overseen by Chief Administrative Officer Vik Sawhney and Deputy General Counsel Tabea Hsi, served a critical role in shaping the firm’s approach and pulling together relevant leaders across the firm.

Our people juggled personal and professional challenges while coming together to serve our clients.

Our Human Resources team provided resources for mental health support.

Our Technology Innovations team (BXTI) ensured smooth access to means of remote communication.

At StuyTown Pantry, we launched a fundraising campaign to help feed families in New York City.

Monday morning Zoom call, BXTV, to help our people stay connected as a community.

From the beginning, we’ve known that we are better together.

We believe there is no substitute for in person collaboration and training.

It was important to our firm culture to get our people back in the office, working together.

Our Human Resources and Global Corporate Services teams worked hard to create the conditions that allowed our people to return to the office as safely as possible.

We began a careful and voluntary reopening of our New York headquarters in the Summer of 2020 and meaningfully expanded that effort in June 2021.

We strongly encouraged all employees who were able to get vaccinated and 96 percent of our US employees did.7,10 We’ve invested approximately 14 million, as of June 2021, in extensive measures to ensure employee safety, including mandatory twice weekly COVID 19 testing with an option for thrice weekly tests, vaccination requirements for in person work and specialized contact tracing technology on our devices.10 We have also implemented stringent sanitization methods and provided personal protective equipment (PPE) and transportation subsidies to support employee commuting.

Maintaining the physical and mental health of our people has been essential throughout the pandemic.

That’s involved listening, following the science and being adaptable.

One of the biggest socio economic challenges of the pandemic was a rise in housing insecurity, with many encountering financial hardship from job loss, sickness or other factors that left them unable to pay rent.

From April 2020 through September 2021, Blackstone Real Estate did not conduct a single eviction for non payment across its wholly owned US housing portfolio.

In the UK, The Arch Company, manager of 5,000 small and medium businesses underneath the UK railway arches, announced a Hardship Fund of 10 million for independent small businesses severely impacted by COVID 19 to fund three months’ free rent for tenants in need.

Sponda, a Finnish real estate portfolio company, announced two months’ free rent for all restaurant and food and beverage tenants.

This followed support measures including interest free rent deferrals based on individual tenant situations and flexible shopping center opening hours.

The dedicated field hospital provided by Blackstone portfolio company NEC Group for COVID 19 patients.

Blackstone mobilized quickly to provide help where it was most needed during the pandemic.

Scale and speed were critical to supporting stretched healthcare services.

As part of these efforts, to date we have contributed over 20 million to benefit global COVID 19 relief.

In our home state of New York, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation provided an anchor 10 million contribution to the New York State COVID 19 First Responders Fund and an additional 5 million in contributions to organizations orchestrating food delivery to healthcare workers and first responders, as well as others supporting vulnerable populations in New York City.

These organizations included City Harvest, World Central Kitchen, Slice Out Hunger, Coalition for the Homeless, Union Settlement, Covenant House and others.

In India, Blackstone contributed nearly 5 million to primarily support three non profits CARE India, UNICEF and the American India Foundation that worked to provide oxygen equipment, vaccine distribution and PPE for frontline healthcare workers.

In Asia, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation donated 950,000 in February 2020 to the One Foundation, a China based organization supporting local COVID 19 response.

In June 2020, Blackstone Singapore provided nearly 600,000 to support COVID 19 relief efforts in Singapore.

The global pandemic created challenges for each company in our portfolio.

Our teams stepped in to support management as they tackled difficult decisions.

We worked with Human Resources, IT teams and others providing learnings and expertise from across the portfolio as they moved quickly to adapt.

Many of our portfolio companies have also been at the forefront of helping their communities.

In Europe, NEC Group, a leading live events business in the UK and part of Blackstone’s private equity portfolio, helped transform its Birmingham exhibition venue into a dedicated field hospital for COVID 19 patients.

The company made the site available rent free to the UK’s National Health Service, to help them in case they needed extra hospital capacity.

Blackstone India’s real estate portfolio companies, including Embassy REIT, Mindspace REIT, Nexus Malls, Nucleus Office Parks, Salarpuria and Panchshil, provided 3.8 million in donations to organizations across the country responding to the pandemic.

In addition, the companies donated more than 3.7 million meals for underprivileged families and 109,000 masks to medical and essential professionals.

At StuyTown Pantry, now part of CoreGiving, we launched a fundraising campaign and raised nearly 250,000 to help feed families in New York City.

Strong governance is the foundation on which all resilient companies are built.

As owners and operators, we seek to encourage and implement governing structures and processes that are designed to foster regulatory compliance and strong performance.

We do this both at the corporate level and across our portfolio companies and investments.

We strive to implement strong governance in each sector in which we operate.

We encourage our portfolio companies and investments to identify and address material ESG factors for their business and sector.

There are strong oversight and compliance systems that govern our own operations.

Within the investment process, we proactively seek to enhance our diligence and monitoring processes to better inform our investment decisions and the way we own assets.

This means we seek to integrate ESG factors and risk management, tailored to particular investments, into our investment process.

Our tone at the top and our culture is the foundation for ensuring that Blackstone and its portfolio companies can carry out their business with the confidence that integrity, trust and transparency are at the forefront of our values.

Chief Legal Officer John Finley meets with Global Head of Compliance Marshall Sprung and Private Equity General Counsel Natasha Gopaul.

We pride ourselves on being responsive to our investors’ need for reporting and transparency and continually work with them in this regard.

We share portfolio ESG information with our investors through written reports, meetings and calls, as appropriate and where available.

We also seek out opportunities to engage with our stakeholders to advance the dialogue regarding responsible investing, where Blackstone strives to be an industry leader.

Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) Blackstone became a PRI signatory in August 2021.

We look forward to reporting to PRI and engaging with other signatories on ESG integration.

Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Blackstone joined TCFD to help build a more resilient financial system through better climate risk disclosures.

Blackstone intends to report aligned with TCFD recommendations in 2022.

Ceres Investor Network Blackstone joined Ceres to engage with sustainability experts and other leading asset owners and investment managers to further sustainable investing and to help develop climate frameworks for private equity, including net zero frameworks.

Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) Blackstone joined the Private Equity SMI Taskforce to play a role in driving the transition to a sustainable future.

Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) Blackstone is partnering with RMI to develop our proprietary asset class level climate frameworks.

Taskforce on Nature Related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Blackstone joined the TNFD Forum to advise on standardizing nature related disclosures, encouraging reporting and acting on nature related risks.

American Council on Renewable Energy (ACORE) Blackstone joined ACORE to support the deployment of renewable energy and inform our renewable energy investing activities.

The drumbeat of warnings about the need for accelerated action to reduce carbon emissions has never been louder, and investors have a tremendous responsibility and opportunity.

At Blackstone, we are proud to be partnering with our portfolio companies, seeking to help them decarbonize to make them stronger.

By supporting a lower carbon future, we are creating value in our investments and we hope to inspire other investors to see what is possible.

Ms. Lewis supports Blackstone’s corporate ESG efforts.

Before joining Blackstone, Ms. Lewis led public engagement on climate change for the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private sector part of the World Bank Group.

Earlier in her career, she established World Resources Institute’s Sustainable Investing Program and was a Principal at Global Environment Fund, a private equity fund focused on clean energy and sustainable forestry.

She serves as a Trustee of the Maryland DC Chapter of The Nature Conservancy.

ESG is overseen by senior management, who report to the Blackstone board of directors quarterly on ESG.

These teams are supported by dedicated steering committees and working groups, including the Global ESG Steering Committee, as well as regional coverage through the Asia ESG Steering Committee and Europe ESG Steering Committee.

They also include the Climate Working Group, the Data Working Group and the Legal Compliance Working Group.

The heads of ESG for our Private Equity, Real Estate, BAAM and Credit businesses are able to coordinate across our Investment, Asset Management and Portfolio Operations teams.

These business unit heads of ESG draw on the deep domain expertise of the corporate ESG team and the firm’s Portfolio Operations teams.

The Portfolio Operations and Asset Management teams are then responsible for implementation of ESG initiatives.

We provide tailored training on relevant aspects of ESG across the organization.

Blackstone announced a new initiative asking portfolio company leaders to regularly report to their boards on ESG if they do not already.

This initiative encourages portfolio companies to examine their own ESG practices and identify and track KPIs that are relevant to their business, as well as focus on priority ESG initiatives identified by Blackstone.

We built this initiative based on the practice established by Blackstone’s Real Estate business an example of how we can develop effective practices in one part of our business and scale them across our portfolio.

We’re proud to have added considerable ESG domain expertise in recent years.

We seek to ensure that the Blackstone board of directors is composed of members whose collective experience, qualifications and skills will allow the board to effectively satisfy its oversight responsibilities.

The board conducts an annual evaluation to determine whether it and each of its committees are functioning effectively and to identify opportunities for their improvement.

We recognize that diversity is an important component of effective governance.

Over 30 percent of the Blackstone board of directors is diverse.

Blackstone was pleased to welcome two exceptional new board members in 2020: Ruth Porat, Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet, Inc. and its subsidiary Google, Inc., and Reginald Reg’ Brown, partner at the law firm Kirkland Ellis LLP.

Ruth Porat Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet, Inc. and Google, Inc.

Ruth Porat joined Google as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2015 and has also held the same title at Alphabet since it was created in October 2015.

She is responsible for Finance, Business Operations and Real Estate Workplace Services.

Prior to joining Google, Ruth was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley and held roles there that included Vice Chairman of Investment Banking, Co Head of Technology Investment Banking and Global Head of the Financial Institutions Group.

Brown is a partner in the Washington, D.C., office of Kirkland Ellis LLP.

He regularly advises financial institutions and other companies facing complex and significant regulatory, enforcement and reputational matters.

Prior to joining Kirkland, Brown was a partner at WilmerHale, where he served as Chairman of the firm’s Financial Institutions Group and led the firm’s congressional investigations practice as Vice Chair of the Crisis Management and Strategic Response Group.

From 2003 to 2005, Brown served as Associate White House Counsel and Special Assistant to the President and also worked as Assistant to the CEO and Vice President for Corporate Strategy at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company.

As the founder of one of the highest profile start ups of the past decade, Bumble CEO Whitney Wolfe Herd had no shortage of firms interested in investing in her company.

Bumble’s February 2021 IPO made Whitney the youngest woman entrepreneur to ever take a company public in the US symbolic of her mission to empower women, who make up 70 percent of the company’s board.

When Blackstone acquired Bumble, we partnered with Whitney to help her realize her vision for the company.

We helped build a senior leadership team that reflected Whitney’s goal of creating a platform by women, for women.

We recruited several C Suite level women officers and identified leading tech and media executives to join the company’s majority women board.

We supported the company’s rebrand from MagicLab to Bumble, which unified their various platforms under one recognizable brand name that’s become synonymous with women’s empowerment in the digital connections space.

The board of directors is responsible for reviewing Blackstone’s policies and compliance systems and confirming that they are consistent with the objective that Blackstone and our officers and directors act legally, ethically and responsibly.

Blackstone’s compliance framework and expectations are set out in Blackstone’s Compliance Policies and Procedures, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

Additionally, employees are trained or enrolled in compliance training when they start at the firm and we retrain employees globally at least once annually.

Our compliance framework is comprehensive and designed to address the complexity of the business and regulatory landscape in which we operate globally.

Blackstone is committed to conducting its business in keeping with the highest legal and ethical standards and expects all employees to uphold this commitment.

Ms. Mangalick is Head of ESG for BAAM and Blackstone Credit, where she partners with both groups to lead various initiatives around ESG diligence, reporting and engagement.

Prior to this role, Ms. Mangalick was instrumental in developing BAAM’s ESG program, along with a focus on BAAM’s Advisory Business.

She was previously a member of the Business Financial Evaluation team, performing operational due diligence of BAAM’s hedge fund managers.

BAAM invests with a large number of investment managers, which provides BAAM with the opportunity to have an impact on ESG integration not only at Blackstone, but also across our industry.

BAAM’s dedicated ESG team engages with managers by sharing best practices, providing resources, hosting trainings and encouraging managers to adopt ESG policies as appropriate for their investment strategies.

BAAM has seen a more than 100 percent increase in ESG policy adoption among the active managers in its portfolio since December 2019.

BAAM performs manager due diligence, which includes ESG considerations, on a pre investment and ongoing basis.

BAAM sends managers an annual ESG questionnaire on how they integrate ESG into their investment processes and business practices, then aggregates the data and shares that reporting with our investors, upon request, to provide them a high level view of the ESG related progress of the managers in their portfolio.

Blackstone is committed to privacy and data protection.

These topics are included in routine training received at least once annually by employees.

Data privacy is typically addressed in the Global CCO’s annual update to the board.

Blackstone’s approach to data protection is set out in its Online Privacy Notice and its Investor Data Privacy Notice.

The privacy function also supports the Data Protection Operating Committee (DPOC), Blackstone’s global privacy compliance steering committee.

Blackstone has built a dedicated cybersecurity team and maintains a comprehensive cybersecurity program to protect our systems, our operations and the data entrusted to us by our investors, employees, portfolio companies and business partners.

Blackstone’s cybersecurity program is led by our Chief Information Security Officer, Adam Fletcher, who works closely with our executive officers and board of directors to develop and advance the firm’s cybersecurity strategy.

We believe that cybersecurity is a team effort every employee has a responsibility to help protect the firm and secure its data.

We conduct regular testing at least once a year to identify vulnerabilities before they can be exploited by attackers, using automated tools and white hat hackers.

We examine and validate our program every two to three years with third parties, measuring it against industry standards and established frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and Center for Internet Security (CIS).

We have a comprehensive Security Incident Response Plan that is aligned with the firm’s Business Continuity Plan in order to ensure that any non routine events are properly escalated to the firm’s leadership, as well as third party experts such as retained counsel and incident response partners, when and where appropriate.

These plans are validated at least annually through a cyber incident tabletop exercise to consider the types of decisions that would need to be made in the event of a cyber incident.

We have engaged in scenario planning exercises around cyber incidents.

The entire firm is engaged in a thorough security awareness program.

Employees across Blackstone are trained or enrolled in training when they start at the firm, and we offer re training to employees globally at least once annually.

Blackstone Technology and Innovations team members collaborate closely with all business units across the firm to enhance our cybersecurity and data protection.

Dera Nevin, our Data Policy and Strategy Officer, oversees privacy, data protection and information risk management efforts at Blackstone.

She leads the privacy and data protection function, which conducts privacy impact assessments, implements privacy by design initiatives and reconciles global privacy programs with local privacy law requirements, including the administration of notices, consents, opt ins and opt outs and data subject access rights.

Adam Fletcher is responsible for overseeing all aspects of cybersecurity across Blackstone, as well as helping to oversee a small portfolio of investments in leading early stage cybersecurity companies.

We have introduced a Portfolio Cybersecurity program that serves our investment professionals and portfolio company management teams.

The goals of our Portfolio Cybersecurity program are to (1) reduce the frequency and impact of cyber incidents across the portfolio and (2) enable investment professionals to weigh cyber risk throughout the investment process.

The program includes companies in which Blackstone owns a controlling interest, as well as other companies in which Blackstone has a minority equity or debt investment, or as directed on a case by case basis.

We have a Portfolio Security Community with over 75 CISOs, who meet monthly to review current threats and annually at a private conference hosted by Blackstone.

A repeatable process to improve our companies’ security posture against the most common attacks that result in financial losses.

Adam Mattina, Deputy Chief Information Security Officer at Blackstone, collaborates with companies across our portfolio on their cybersecurity programs.

Employees are looking to work for purpose driven companies that are socially and environmentally responsible, and board members and CEOs are recognizing the importance of social issues and the need to focus on ESG within their core businesses.

Blackstone team members in the office at 601 Lexington Avenue.

The physical risks of climate change, combined with growing investor demand for action and regulatory shifts, are all driving the need to decarbonize.

The global transition to a lower carbon world requires not only commitment, but also the investment of trillions of dollars.

As we seek to create value for our investors, Blackstone has increasingly focused on investing in companies that are supporting the energy transition.

We support the goals of the Paris Agreement and we have taken several actions in support of further climate related disclosures.

We are a signatory to PRI and a listed supporter of TCFD.

Acquired by Blackstone in March 2021, DESOTEC’s fleet of approximately 2,700 mobile filters is one of the largest of its kind in Europe.

We believe climate change is a significant issue impacting the long term resilience and growth of companies and assets.

For that reason, we intend to embed an assessment of physical climate risk within certain due diligence and asset management activities.

We are also actively partnering with our companies to help put them on a lower carbon trajectory.

We’ve spent approximately 10 years, under the guidance of a Chief Sustainability Officer, working closely with select companies and assets in our portfolio to help them decarbonize and invest in lower emissions technologies.

Along the way, we have learned about what works and sometimes, what doesn’t in reducing emissions across a wide variety of assets in vastly different sectors of the global economy, from manufacturing to hotels to last mile logistics.

We started our efforts based on the simple premise that emissions reductions result in cost savings and boost efficiencies allowing companies to capture savings that they could redirect to other growth priorities.

As public and policy maker concerns about climate change have grown, we believe that this work has made our companies and assets stronger than they would have been otherwise.

In January 2021, we announced our Emissions Reduction Program and started implementing a new goal of reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions for new assets where we control the energy usage by 15 percent in aggregate over the first three years of ownership.

To accomplish this goal, we have developed what we believe is a robust decarbonization program designed to reduce energy use and carbon emissions at scale in a way that is measurable and tangible.

We are developing a carbon accounting system and a capability to track and report on Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reductions.

This will allow us to measure our impact and provide our investors with critical data to enable them to meet their own climate targets and financial goals.

Our portfolio companies and assets have a critical role to play in creating a climate resilient and lower carbon future, and we believe that actions taken during our ownership will create value and lasting impact, even after Blackstone exits.

We believe portfolio companies will continue decarbonization programs after our exit for the simple reason that they improve value.

Mr. Mandel leads sustainability and climate initiatives that seek to drive long term value across our portfolio companies.

Before joining Blackstone in 2021, Mr. Mandel was Managing Director of the Carbon Free Buildings program at Rocky Mountain Institute, where he led research, consulting and policy work focused on emissions reduction in buildings, with a focus on the US, China and India.

Prior to Rocky Mountain Institute, he worked at McKinsey and Company with a focus on sustainability and operational efficiency in energy and industrial companies.

This year marked the retirement of Don Anderson, following a decade of service as our Chief Sustainability Officer.

Formed by Blackstone in 2019, Sona Comstar is an India centric, electric vehicle focused automotive technology platform.

Ms. Parekh leads ESG diligence, policy development and strategy and reporting for Blackstone’s Private Equity reporting segment.

Ms. Parekh joined Blackstone from Bloomberg LP, where she worked for four and a half years, most recently serving as product manager of Bloomberg’s Sustainable Finance Solutions, leading ESG data acquisition and curation efforts.

Over the last decade, we have drawn on our scale and portfolio company insights to build a meaningful sustainability program.

The program started within our Real Estate and Private Equity businesses when we began working with our portfolio companies and hospitality assets to implement fast and low cost approaches to improving performance including rebuilding bathroom fixtures, transitioning to LED lighting and improving air conditioning systems.

Our scale gives us the ability to create value by reducing our portfolio’s carbon footprint.

We are capable of providing hands on support and assistance to achieve results.

We continue to support and strengthen climate change resiliency through integration, engagement and reporting.

We are designing a carbon footprinting process for investments where we have majority ownership and board control, which is expected to launch in 2022.

The carbon accounting system, for Blackstone and our portfolio, is expected to provide guidance and support for companies and assets to prepare a carbon footprint and share that information with Blackstone.

We seek to have an understanding of GHG emissions attributable to Blackstone and its portfolio, tracking changes over time on an absolute and intensity basis, identifying high priority cost savings or value creation opportunities for Blackstone and its investments and developing capabilities within our companies and assets to regularly measure their emissions.

We have also built a platform of companies to execute decarbonization programs for companies within the scope of the Emissions Reduction Program.

This platform includes Blackstone portfolio companies RE Tech and Therma specialty consultants and engineers to design and execute operational interventions.

We support companies within the program when they seek to reduce their carbon emissions by taking a structured approach to ensure emissions are considered throughout the investment lifecycle.

This involves due diligence to understand opportunities and costs to hit our carbon emissions target.

Post acquisition, a gap analysis and roadmap are built for these companies with specific projects to hit the target.

We are tracking energy usage and spend and plan to track associated emissions data for select companies across our portfolio.

Energy bills from participating portfolio companies are tracked to ensure data quality and transparency.

We work with companies to establish a base year and monitor performance over time.

We are growing a team and expanding our resources to enable us to endeavor to drive value generating sustainability practices, including reducing emissions more broadly across our existing portfolio over time.

Blackstone’s Fast Find and Fix program, a one to three day engineering assessment helped Asia based cosmetic packaging company ShyaHsin identify energy savings opportunities through improving compressed air and HVAC systems.

Since this assessment, Blackstone and ShyaHsin set a target to reduce emissions per unit output value by at least 25 percent in five years.

Moreover, the company reduced utility cost by approximately 8 percent in terms of utility cost per unit output value in 2021 compared to 2020.

Additionally, they have achieved savings of 26 percent energy consumption per unit of compressed air in one building.

Finally, they are planning to install over five megawatts of solar power on the company plant’s rooftops.

Blackstone acquired portfolio company Shya Hsin in 2017.

Since then, the cosmetics packaging company has set an emissions reduction target of more than 25 percent in five years.

Blackstone Real Estate prioritizes sustainable operations as a core pillar of its ESG program.

As real estate accounts for a meaningful portion of the world’s GHG emissions, real estate investors and managers are a pivotal decision making group and must reimagine building operations to reduce emissions globally.

Blackstone believes that this is an opportunity for companies and properties to potentially increase profitability and long term growth through their sustainability efforts.

By managing energy, water consumption and waste more efficiently, we seek to reduce our environmental impact while achieving cost savings across our portfolio, thereby benefiting our tenants, investors and the communities in which we operate.

Mr. Duchon is Head of ESG for Blackstone Real Estate.

As part of the Real Estate Asset Management team, he partners with the firm’s central ESG team and Portfolio Operations to initiate, manage, implement and report on ESG initiatives across the global Real Estate portfolio.

Prior to joining Blackstone in November 2020, Mr. Duchon was at LaSalle Investment Management, where he was a Managing Director and Global Head of Sustainability.

Blackstone Real Estate has been an active participant of GRESB an organization that collects, validates, scores and benchmarks ESG data for the last seven years, commencing in 2015.

Exemplifying our commitment to ESG, our participating real estate funds achieved strong 2021 GRESB results, most exceeding the GRESB average with continued year over year performance improvements.

Blackstone Infrastructure Partners has participated in the GRESB Infrastructure assessments since inception.

In addition to outperforming the GRESB fund average, each of Infrastructure’s participating portfolio companies scored above their respective peer averages in 2021.

In 2021, portfolio company Link Logistics, operator of the largest portfolio of logistics real estate assets in strategic last mile locations in the US, committed to achieving carbon neutral operations by 2025 as part of its aim to be the landlord of choice with a real world record for helping tenants reduce their carbon footprint and ultimately their operating costs.

Capital investment is just one ingredient in rebuilding our economy.

A lasting recovery driven by stronger companies and communities also requires a long term focus on sustainability, diverse workforces and good governance.

Members of the Global Corporate Services ESG Team meet to discuss environmental performance solutions across our office locations.

We are highly focused on corporate sustainability and pursuing environmental performance improvements at our office locations, led by our Global Corporate Services (GCS) team.

We proactively renovate our spaces to provide additional employee amenities and comfort while implementing the most up to date efficient lighting and HVAC systems.

Our replacement of existing lighting with LED lighting in our New York offices has resulted in a roughly 31 percent reduction in lighting energy usage.

Recent renovations to select floors in New York included new energy efficient, water sourced HVAC heat pump systems to reduce reliance on carbon based fuels for heating.

Our London office at 40 Berkeley Square purchases 100 percent of its power from renewable energy suppliers.

We have glass, metal and plastic recycling procedures throughout pantries and meeting rooms.

We also use a secure print system that requires print confirmation at all copiers, an effort to further reduce paper waste.

Scope 1 includes emissions from onsite combustion at occupied offices and owned vehicles.

Scope 2 includes emissions caused by steam, chilled water and electricity emissions from occupied offices and data centers.

Scope 3 includes indirect emissions associated with common area consumption, waste, employee commuting and business travel.

These emissions are location based and do not factor in any offsets purchased through the supply chain.

We created a GHG inventory of our corporate emissions for 2019 and 2020.

The significant decrease in emissions in 2020 is associated with COVID 19’s impact on commuting and business travel.

In the coming year, we intend to develop a mitigation strategy to address our operational carbon emissions, using 2019 as a baseline year.

An inventory of emissions associated with select investments is anticipated in 2022.

Companies around the world are mobilizing to advance ESG initiatives.

We are focused on investing in companies that are developing the solutions, technologies and infrastructure required to help the world make critical progress on these key issues.

In some cases, we have identified companies through Blackstone’s own portfolio initiatives, and in other instances have utilized these investments to help our companies do better.

We’ve highlighted some of our key investments below.

Therma RE Tech: Blackstone partnered with RE Tech and Therma for years before investing in both companies in 2020 and combining them to expand their scale and potentially help our portfolio companies further their emissions reduction cost saving goals.

Therma is a leading mechanical, electrical and controls services company focused on helping customers replace, upgrade and maintain their operations with energy efficient equipment.

RE Tech, the first add on to the Therma platform, designs, administers and tracks award winning energy efficiency and ESG programs for clients.

Array Technologies: In 2021, Blackstone committed to invest 500 million to grow Array Technologies, one of the world’s largest manufacturers of utility scale solar tracker technology and ground mounted systems.

With efficient installation and terrain flexibility coupled with high reliability, durability and performance, Array delivers a lower levelized cost of energy.

DESOTEC: DESOTEC is a European environmental services company that creates innovative circular filtration solutions that reduce waste and enable cleaner water, air and soil.

Acquired by Blackstone in March 2021, DESOTEC’s fleet of approximately 2,700 mobile filters is one of the largest of its kind in Europe.

Sona Comstar: Sona Comstar was formed in 2019 from a partnership between Blackstone, BLW Precision Forging, a leading company in automotive drivetrain solutions, and Comstar Automotive Technologies, Blackstone’s automotive portfolio company focused on global electric charging and starting solutions.

Sphera: Blackstone acquired Sphera, a provider of ESG software, data and consulting services.

Sphera’s experts work with organizations around the world to help them surface, manage and mitigate ESG risk.

StuyTown: Blackstone Real Estate invests in ESG solutions, such as renewable energy systems and technologies that reduce GHG emissions, for its assets.

StuyTown is our largest residential property globally, with over 11,200 apartments in 56 buildings across 80 acres in Manhattan.

In 2019, StuyTown completed the largest private multifamily rooftop solar project in the US, installing nearly 10,000 solar panels that approximately doubled Manhattan’s solar capacity at the time of installation.

StuyTown has reduced on site GHG emissions by approximately 15 percent since 2007 and in 2018 became the first private multifamily community in New York to be LEED Platinum certified.

Oatly: Oatly is a sustainable Swedish food company in the plant based food space, with patented original oatmilk and other products.

Blackstone’s 200 million in equity investment is helping to fund the company’s overall growth plans.

ISN: ISN is a third party contractor and provider of supplier management software.

Its platform helps customers ensure that their contractors and suppliers meet key criteria for training, health and safety, cybersecurity and ESG factors.

ISN’s first annual Sustainability Roundtable in March 2021 was attended by approximately 600 cross industry sustainability professionals.

Headspace Health: Headspace Health provides self guided care and 24 7 on demand coaching, as well as video based therapy and psychiatry support through partnerships with employers, health plans and strategic partners.

The platform has demonstrated clinically validated outcomes, with one study highlighting 70 percent of its users reporting a significant reduction in symptoms of depression.

Medtronic: Medtronic is a medical technology, services and solutions company, helping alleviate pain, restore health and extend life for millions of people around the world.

Blackstone Life Sciences has invested in a number of Medtronic diabetes products, specifically to accelerate its diabetes pump and CGM technology pipeline, which reduces the burden of diabetes management.

Altus Power: Altus Power is a solar power company that provides clean electricity to commercial, industrial and municipal clients across the US.

Blackstone and Altus have jointly developed, acquired and financed over 350 MW of solar across 17 states since inception.

Altus is helping to further Blackstone’s decarbonization objectives, with over 50 MW of solar under development on rooftops or sites controlled by Blackstone portfolio companies.

Strata Clean Energy: Strata is a provider of utility scale solar and battery energy storage systems with 400 employees that has installed more than 2.5 GW of capacity.

Blackstone’s investment is helping Strata fund development, construction and ownership of utility scale solar and battery storage assets across North America.

GoodLeap: GoodLeap is one of the nation’s leaders in residential solar financing.

Through GoodLeap’s platform, Blackstone Credit has acquired loans financing solar systems or energy efficiency enhancements for approximately 13,000 homeowners, dramatically decreasing the carbon footprints of their homes.

ClearGen: ClearGen provides flexible, smart capital and consultative support to assist its partners developers, energy service companies, equipment manufacturers and utilities in their efforts to provide clean, reliable energy to their customers.

ClearGen’s goal is to finance best in class energy solutions that deliver lower carbon footprint outcomes, working towards a greener, more profitable future.

ClearGen has committed to fund more than 650 million of projects, including 500 million through a partnership with GreenStruxure, a joint venture of Schneider Electric and Huck Capital.

In the US, there are ambitious renewables mandates at the state level, and governments worldwide are setting aggressive carbon reduction targets.

These goals are driving strong growth in demand for renewable power generation.

Increasing electrification of transport, buildings and industrial sectors, coupled with an aging US transmission and distribution network, is driving heightened need for a modern, resilient grid and battery storage network.

Decarbonization requires significant capital and innovation across large sectors of the global economy.

Blackstone Energy Partners (BEP) has committed 4.4 billion in a diverse portfolio of investments that Blackstone believes are consistent with the broader energy transition.

Blackstone Credit has committed over 8 billion in renewables and climate change solutions, over 7 billion of which was invested in the last 24 months alone.

Less than two percent of Blackstone’s portfolio across the firm on a fair market value basis is invested in upstream oil and gas.

Blackstone intends to form funds in which we will not make any new investments in fossil fuel exploration and production, thermal coal mining or greenfield construction of coal fired power plants.

Energy infrastructure, including midstream, downstream and power generation are critical in many parts of the world to ensuring continued access to affordable and reliable energy.

When we do invest in such assets, we will generally seek to improve their efficiency and facilitate the transition to cleaner energy.

Blackstone Credit aims to play an essential role in funding the trillions of capital that will be required to decarbonize global society.

By providing large scale capital and access to Blackstone’s ESG resources, we are helping enable the global energy transition and investing in mega trends that we believe will generate strong, long term returns for our investors.

Mr. Foley is responsible for overseeing Blackstone’s private equity investment activities in the energy transition and climate solutions sector on a global basis.

Since joining Blackstone in 1995, he has been responsible for building the Blackstone energy practice and has played an integral role in every energy sector private equity deal that the firm has made.

Mr. Khan is a Senior Managing Director in the Private Equity group.

Since joining Blackstone in 2009, Mr. Khan has been involved in the execution of several Blackstone investments, including Transmission Developers Inc., Aypa Power, Onyx Renewables, Therma and Array Technologies.

Mr. Horn is the Co Head of Energy Investing for Blackstone Credit, and leads the firm’s investment activities in renewable energy and sustainable resources.

Mr. Horn is a member of Blackstone’s ESG Steering Committee and sits on the investment committees for Blackstone Credit’s structured products, performing credit, distressed credit and energy funds.

Our strategy is to create value through accelerating the energy transition by funding the buildout of critical energy infrastructure and services needed to provide cleaner, more reliable and affordable energy for America.

Our wholly owned portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. (TDI) was selected in September 2021 by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) to deliver clean, renewable power to New York City.

The project required a decade of development, working closely with communities, environmentalists and municipalities throughout New York State, reflecting our patience and commitment to the communities where we operate.

TDI worked alongside Hydro Quebec to develop the Champlain Hudson Power Express (CHPE), an underground electric transmission line spanning about 339 miles between Canada and New York City.

The project will deliver 1,250 MW of clean power to New York City, which is still reliant on fossil fuels for approximately 85 percent of electricity consumption.

CHPE is expected to decrease CO2 emissions attributed to the State of New York, specifically New York City, by an estimated average of 3.9 million metric tons per year.

This is equivalent to removing an estimated 44 percent of the passenger vehicles from the streets of New York City.

CHPE is also expected to create approximately 1,400 jobs during construction, with a commitment to using union labor, and includes a 40 million new Green Economy Fund that will provide job training for clean energy jobs.

Blackstone portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. is building a 339 mile transmission line delivering 1,250 MW of renewable power to New York City.

We recognize the impact Blackstone’s capital can have on the economy, society and our communities.

We are actively focused on providing economic opportunity and career mobility across the firm and our portfolio.

Everything we do is guided by the principles that have been at the core of Blackstone since its inception: Accountability, Excellence, Integrity, Teamwork and Entrepreneurship.

They are the shared convictions that we bring to our professional conduct and they are a fundamental strength of our business.

Consistent with these values, our Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DEI) policy centers around our most important asset our people.

Our focus on diversity stems from a belief that diverse teams make stronger companies.

We are committed to attracting, developing and advancing a diverse workforce that represents a spectrum of backgrounds, identities and experiences.

We are focused on embedding DEI principles to maintain a culture of equity and inclusion.

We believe this will leverage the diversity of our workforce and deliver results for our investors.

Our belief in the importance of diversity is reflected at all levels of our organization.

Approximately one third of our leadership team is diverse and 50 percent of our primary businesses have a diverse professional as one of their top two leaders.

We achieved 41 percent female representation globally and 49 percent racially diverse representation in the US among our 2021 incoming analyst class.

Blackstone is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other class or status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, termination, transfer, leave of absence, compensation and training.

We care greatly about the health, safety and wellbeing of our people and those across the Blackstone portfolio.

We know that serving these people both within the Blackstone family and our portfolio companies will make us a stronger business and lead us to be better long term investors.

Global Head of Portfolio Operations Jennifer Morgan speaking at a recent event with Blackstone portfolio company Bumble.

We are committed to ensuring that people from diverse backgrounds across the country have access to the skill building they need to participate in the 21st century economy and that workforces across the country are more diverse and inclusive.

We have an obligation as a leader in the business community to ensure that diverse backgrounds and perspectives are represented at all levels of our companies, including on their boards.

Not only is championing diversity the right thing to do, it will also make our companies better.

We know that leaders across our portfolio are making important decisions every day, and we want to ensure they have the input of people with different life experiences and perspectives.

In 2021, we set a goal of achieving one third diverse representation on portfolio company boards for control investments in the US and Europe.

We believe that diverse teams make better decisions and that implementing this mandate will make our portfolio companies stronger and more resilient.

Our Career Pathways program is designed to foster economic mobility and support ongoing diversity efforts at our portfolio companies by adopting inclusive workplace practices and expanding applicant pools through partnerships with organizations like Year Up and COOP Careers.

These organizations provide training for talent from traditionally diverse and historically under represented communities to prepare them for entry level and middle skill roles, including customer service, IT and operations.

Through Career Pathways, we aim to create conditions within companies that support diverse hiring, retention and advancement and enable untapped talent to thrive.

We plan to continue to track our progress in these areas annually.

These initiatives serve a clear objective: companies that support employees and foster DEI at every level are simply stronger.

Our goal with Career Pathways is to work from the ground up to increase employment opportunities and career mobility for people from diverse and historically under represented communities.

But this isn’t just about getting somebody a job it’s about supporting their development and providing opportunities for coaching and training so they can have long careers.

Diversity at the board level adds meaningful long term value for companies and their owners.

We have set ambitious goals, and I am proud of our commitment towards ensuring that they are met.

In July 2021, Blackstone achieved its goal of hiring 100,000 veterans, veteran spouses and caregivers across its portfolio.

In 2013, our Chairman and CEO, Steve Schwarzman, attended an event with then First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House.

He heard the First Lady describe the serious challenges faced by American veterans as they transitioned to civilian life after serving our country.

He returned to Blackstone determined to help address the problem.

Steve committed Blackstone to working across our portfolio to hire 50,000 veterans over five years.

Blackstone formally signed onto Joining Forces, the White House initiative spearheaded by First Ladies Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden and partnered with the Department of Veterans Affairs and other veterans organizations to develop an action plan.

Blackstone’s portfolio companies stepped up to the challenge.

They went to extraordinary lengths to develop resources within their own organizations to recruit and retain former service members and their families.

Blackstone supported this effort by connecting portfolio companies with veterans organizations, providing playbooks, resources and webinars and hosting an annual Veterans Hiring Summit.

We also hired several veterans at Blackstone along the way.

When we launched our Veterans Hiring Initiative, we believed that veterans were a valuable and underappreciated talent pool.

Our expectations were exceeded, with portfolio company CEOs and hiring managers remarking regularly on how these individuals embodied exceptional dedication, commitment and tested leadership ability.

For nearly a decade, Blackstone’s companies have led by example, giving veterans and military spouses the training and skill sets to help them find long term, meaningful careers.

Their commitment and passion have made a meaningful difference in the lives of countless military families and we are honored to work with them.

America’s military veterans embody the traits that help our portfolio companies succeed and grow.

These individuals are hardworking, adaptable, collaborative, reliable and possess the highest integrity.

We are excited about the success of this initiative to date and look forward to expanding its impact in the future to support our country’s veterans and their loved ones.

In 2017, thanks to the tremendous efforts of our portfolio companies, we hit our target one year earlier than expected and pledged to hire another 50,000 over five years.

Today, our Veterans Hiring Initiative sits within our Career Pathways program, and we intend to continue our focus on providing economic opportunities and career mobility for veterans.

Founded in 2007, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation is committed to supporting Blackstone’s goal of creating economic opportunity for under resourced communities.

The Foundation’s programs aim to increase access to entrepreneurship and innovation skills.

This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, which helps college and university students gain entrepreneurial experiences and competencies to build successful companies and careers.

The Foundation also supports communities through BX Connects, a program that drives community engagement, provides disaster relief and guides employees in board service placement.

The innovation, skill set and support of young people is something we at Blackstone see as crucial to our economy.

Blackstone LaunchPad is a university based program designed to foster entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial skills among students.

The program both helps aspiring entrepreneurs learn how to launch ventures at every level of the creation process and teaches the entrepreneurial skills that are critical for any student to succeed in 21st century jobs.

As Blackstone LaunchPad has evolved, it has aimed to reach more students focusing on those who need access to programming the most and spreading the message that entrepreneurial skills are beneficial to everyone for career opportunity and mobility, not just those starting their own ventures.

Earlier this year, the Foundation announced a 40 million expansion of the program, anticipating to grow from 30 to around 75 campuses over the next five years, with a focus on colleges and universities that have a majority diverse population or are serving under resourced communities.

As part of this, Blackstone Launchpad is working with UNCF, the nation’s largest private scholarship provider to minority group members, to help identify schools where we can maximize impact, develop plans to support students and amplify LaunchPad’s mission.

We look forward to building on the Foundation’s commitment to providing access to critical entrepreneurial skills so that all students, no matter their starting point, background or future plans, can succeed in building start ups and launching careers.

In 2021, Blackstone LaunchPad rolled out expansions to the University of Texas system, three HBCUs (Historically Black Colleges Universities) in Atlanta, nine schools across the CUNY system in New York and two Hispanic Serving Institutions in Nevada.

BX Connects uses the firm’s scale, talent and resources to make grants, develop nonprofit partnerships and create employee engagement opportunities.

In 2020, 76 percent of our global employees participated in firm sponsored employee engagement activities and committed over 8,900 hours in support of our communities.

As part of this, the Foundation hosts the annual BX Gives Back Challenge, where hundreds of employees compete in nominating charitable organizations and voting on the People’s Choice award.

Jon Gray celebrates winners of the annual Blackstone Gives Back Challenge, in which grants are awarded to charitable organizations nominated by employees across the firm.

DEI is critically important to our culture and makes us better investors.

Ms. Wynn focuses on coaching and guiding senior business leaders on employee issues.

She also oversees the Respect at Work program and engages in various initiatives across the firm.

Before joining Blackstone in 2008, Ms. Wynn worked as an HR Business Partner at Citigroup.

Provided to new hires globally each year, our Respect at Work training program equips employees to create a respectful workplace environment.

Our culture is supported and reaffirmed by policies that further enhance our values.

We have a comprehensive anti harassment policy in our US employee handbook and administer a Respect at Work training program for new hires globally each year.

This training equips employees to foster diversity, prevent and respond to sexual harassment, create a respectful workplace environment and prevent discrimination and retaliation, among other topics.

All employees may request reasonable accommodations at the office if required due to a disability, religious requirement, pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical or common condition related to pregnancy or childbirth, domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking.

Any other reasonable accommodations may be available depending on the circumstances.

No employee will be subject to retaliation or punishment for good faith reporting of suspected violations of law or of our ethical standards by another employee or for coming forward to alert the firm of any questionable situation.

Our non retaliation policy, described in our US employee handbook, prohibits Blackstone and its directors, officers and employees from directly or indirectly discharging, demoting, suspending, threatening, harassing or in any other manner discriminating or retaliating against an employee because the employee, in good faith, reported information under that policy or under applicable law, assisted in investigating such a report, testified or assisted in a proceeding involving harassment or discrimination or encouraged another to report harassment or discrimination.

Blackstone is committed to holistically promoting diversity, equity and inclusion within the firm and across our portfolio and industry.

We believe DEI leads to stronger companies that outperform over time.

In 2021, we launched our inaugural DEI Report, which outlines our firmwide approach to integrating DEI.

We are committed to building an early career talent pipeline and are focused on expanding our campus recruiting to widen the funnel of applicants.

We broadened the number of schools from where we recruit to 44 in 2020, focusing these efforts to include more HBCUs, such as Howard University, Morehouse College and Spelman College.

In 2013, we launched our Future Women Leaders program to create a talent pipeline that could become our next generation of senior leadership.

The program, hosted annually in New York and London, provides university women students with early exposure to finance through seminars, technical training, networking events and mentorship.

We are leveraging more technology in the recruitment process including Pymetrics, a talent matching platform that has been shown to help reduce bias, and Handshake, a college job board to expand our reach.

We are also cultivating new and existing partnerships with organizations such as SEO, Toigo and Girls Who Invest that create opportunity for diverse talent.

The more diverse junior talent we can attract and hire early on, the more opportunities there are for these individuals to grow and become the firm’s future leaders.

In that vein, we are equally focused on recruiting diverse talent at senior levels and retaining them as they grow their careers at Blackstone.

I am thrilled to be helping Blackstone continue to integrate DEI principles into the workplace culture and the various talent and business functions and also ensure that we leverage its expansive platform to promote diversity, equity and inclusion in the industries and communities it serves.

The firmwide commitment has impressed me, and I’m excited about what we can accomplish in the coming months and years.

Ms. Glenn is responsible for continuing to implement policies and initiatives that will help Blackstone achieve a more diverse and inclusive workplace, both at the firm and its portfolio companies.

Ms. Glenn joins from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP where she was the Assistant Director of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.

Blackstone’s employee affinity networks are dedicated to recruiting, retaining and raising awareness of diverse groups through speaker series, networking events, service opportunities and mentoring relationships.

Our networks operate in an integrated way, supporting each other’s goals and frequently co hosting events, highlighting the intersectionality of DEI topics.

The Blackstone Women’s Initiative drives a multitude of programs across the firm focused on developing women’s careers, fostering connectivity across businesses, encouraging organic mentorship relationships and helping shape our recruiting strategy.

We recently expanded the program to our portfolio companies.

Blackstone launched its Diverse Professionals Network (DPN) to recruit and retain individuals from under represented groups at Blackstone, as well as to create an inclusive community of diverse employees within the firm.

The DPN provides a platform for these groups to connect globally and advance the dialogue regarding the importance of diversity for our business.

The Veterans Network aims to cultivate a community of veterans and advocates who can add value and unique perspectives and enhance Blackstone’s business and culture.

OUT Blackstone provides a supportive network for LGBT employees and helps to recruit and retain talented LGBT individuals.

In 2020, OUT Blackstone joined Out Leadership, the oldest and largest coalition of global companies working to improve LGBT equality in the world.

Blackstone offers a wide range of learning and professional development opportunities, both formally and informally, to help employees advance their careers and maximize the value they can add to the global firm.

Incoming analyst classes are provided with training that spans several weeks.

We have introduced Culture Onboarding programs for new hires at all levels every six months to help them thrive in our culture.

Over the course of their careers at Blackstone, employees are offered learning opportunities in a number of areas, including leadership and management development and communication skills, among others.

Street, Templar Partners and Paradigm, to deliver training programs for our employees.

We also have targeted programs termed Next Level Leadership for cohorts of newly promoted employees at different levels in the firm.

We consistently seek to create visibility and opportunities for talent with the ability to take on roles beyond their current positions, and managers connect regularly to discuss and match talent with critical roles.

These efforts result in cross pollination of talent that engages our people and generates stronger outcomes for our firm.

Employees can take advantage of speaker events offered through our DEI affinity groups, which cover topics such as racial equity, resilience, allyship and more.

These development opportunities bring together employees across business units with diverse talents and backgrounds, providing them with opportunities for networking and knowledge sharing.

Employee DEI trainings include conscious inclusion topics and are featured in Culture Onboarding programming for new joiners.

A core part of the employee development process is our formal annual firmwide 360 feedback review, where all employees globally are asked to evaluate themselves and people they frequently work with on an upward, downward and colleague basis.

These evaluations enable Blackstone and its employees to understand how they have performed over the past year and how they can continue to grow.

Evaluations consider, among other factors, a professional’s ability to execute responsibilities and meet expectations included in their job description.

All reviews are anonymous and remain confidential.

Once review submissions have been consolidated and evaluated, each employee meets with their manager to discuss key strengths, areas of development, achievements over the past year and goals for the year ahead.

We provide support to managers as they monitor and develop in actively managing the performance of their employees during mid year check ins, year end 360 feedback meetings and at other times throughout the year.

We have quarterly training workshops on topics including Delivering Feedback, Coaching High Performers and Developing Others’ Careers.

We also educate employees on how to actively solicit feedback and offer training on how to develop their own careers.

Members of the Diverse Professionals Network meet to discuss the upcoming calendar of DEI speakers.

We regularly gather feedback from our employees via annual internal and or external surveys to assess employee engagement satisfaction and develop targeted solutions.

We continue to be viewed as an employer of choice in our industry, receiving approximately 29,000 applicants for 103 positions in our most recent 2021 analyst class recruiting cycle.

We continually evaluate and enhance our offerings to meet the needs of our employees.

We recently introduced additional family planning benefits for US employees such as enhancing infertility benefits to include cryopreservation and extending primary caregiver leave to 20 weeks (up from 16 weeks).

Members of the Women’s Initiative gather at a recent Task Force meeting.

We offer employee well being programs, including an online therapy program and access to an education platform with coaching to support working parents and caretakers caring for children who have behavioral problems, autism or developmental disabilities.

We also provide access to programs to further assist our employees in managing their lives outside of work, such as group legal services to help with estate planning and surrogacy agreements.

In 2008, Blackstone founded Equity Healthcare to leverage the size of our combined portfolio to access higher quality health coverage for our US portfolio company employees at a lower cost than they would each be able to obtain on their own.

All information is as of September 30, 2021 (the Reporting Date ), unless otherwise indicated, and may change in the future.

Certain adjustments have been made as of April 4, 2023.

Capitalized terms used in this document (together with any attachments, appendices, and related materials, the Materials ) but not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Offering Documents (as defined herein).

References to Blackstone in the Materials refer to Blackstone Inc. together with certain of its affiliates.

In certain instances in the Materials, references to Blackstone may include activities, initiatives or other information of Blackstone portfolio companies or investments.

Blackstone undertakes no obligation to update or revise any information in the Materials, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

The Materials are provided for informational purposes only and is not, and may not, be relied on in any manner as legal, tax, investment, accounting or other advice or as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security or instrument in or to participate in any trading strategy with any Blackstone fund, account or other investment vehicle (each a Fund ), nor shall it or the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or investment decision.

If such offer is made, it will only be made by means of an offering memorandum (collectively with additional offering documents, the Offering Documents ), which would contain material information (including certain risks of investing in such Fund) not contained in the Materials and which would supersede and qualify in its entirety the information set forth in the Materials.

In the event that the descriptions or terms described herein are inconsistent with or contrary to the descriptions in or terms of the Offering Documents, the Offering Documents shall control.

None of Blackstone, its funds, nor any of their affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of a Fund or any other entity, transaction, or investment.

Blackstone Proprietary Data and Third Party Information.

Certain information and data provided in the Materials is based on Blackstone proprietary knowledge and data.

Portfolio companies may provide proprietary market data to Blackstone, including about local market supply and demand conditions, current market rents and operating expenses, capital expenditures, and valuations for multiple assets.

Such proprietary market data is used by Blackstone to evaluate market trends as well as to underwrite potential and existing investments.

Additionally, certain information contained in the Materials (including, but not limited to, information related to portfolio companies on pages 9, 15, 23, 25, 28, 29, 31, and 34 of the Materials) has been obtained from portfolio companies and or sources outside Blackstone, such as press releases, reports, websites, and or articles, which in certain cases have not been updated through the date hereof.

While Blackstone currently believes that such information is reliable for purposes used herein, it is subject to change, and reflects Blackstone’s opinion as to whether the amount, nature and quality of the data is sufficient for the applicable conclusion, and no representations are made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof and none of Blackstone, its funds, nor any of their affiliates takes any responsibility for, and has not independently verified, any such information.

The selected investment examples, case studies and or transaction summaries presented or referred to herein may not be representative of all transactions of a given type or of investments generally and are intended to be illustrative of the types of investments that have been made or may be made by a Fund in employing such Fund’s investment strategies.

It should not be assumed that comparable investments will be made in the future or that the success of ESG initiatives implemented by Blackstone or its portfolio companies is guaranteed.

Certain investment examples described herein may be owned by investment vehicles managed by Blackstone and by certain other third party equity partners, and in connection therewith Blackstone may own less than a majority of the equity securities of such investment.

The foregoing information has not been provided in a fiduciary capacity under ERISA, and it is not intended to be, and should not be considered as, impartial investment advice.

Descriptions of ESG initiatives in these Materials related to Blackstone’s portfolio, portfolio companies, and investments (collectively, portfolio companies ) are not guarantees or promises that all or any such initiatives will be achieved.

Opinions expressed reflect the current opinions of Blackstone as of the date appearing in the Materials only and are based on Blackstone’s opinions of the current market environment, which is subject to change.

Certain information contained in the Materials discusses general market activity, industry or sector trends, or other broad based economic, market or political conditions and should not be construed as research or investment advice.

There can be no assurances that any of the trends described herein will continue or will not reverse.

Past events and trends do not imply, predict or guarantee, and are not necessarily indicative of, future events or results.

All rights to the trademarks and or logos presented herein belong to their respective owners and Blackstone’s use hereof does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these logos.

We believe these factors include but are not limited to the impact of the novel coronavirus ( COVID 19 ), as well as those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in Blackstone’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in the Materials and in our other periodic filings.

The forward looking statements speak only as of the date of the Materials, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

The Materials contain select images of certain investments that are provided for illustrative purposes only and may not be representative of an entire asset or portfolio or of a Fund’s entire portfolio.

Such images may be digital renderings of investments rather than actual photos.

Prospective investors should be aware that an investment in a Fund is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

There can be no assurance that a Fund will achieve comparable results, implement its investment strategy, achieve its objectives or avoid substantial losses or that any expected returns will be met.

An investment should only be considered by sophisticated investors who can afford to lose all or a substantial amount of their investment.

A Fund’s fees and expenses may offset or exceed its profits.

There can be no assurances that Blackstone’s investment objectives for any Fund will be achieved or that its investment programs will be successful.

Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.

In particular, certain ESG initiatives or practices described in these Materials are less applicable to or not implemented at all with respect to Strategic Partners and Blackstone’s public markets investing businesses, specifically, Credit, Hedge Fund Solutions (BAAM) and Harvest.

While Blackstone believes ESG factors can enhance long term value, Blackstone does not pursue an ESG based investment strategy or limit its investments to those that meet specific ESG criteria or standards (except with respect to products or strategies that are explicitly designated as doing so in their Offering Documents or other applicable governing documents).

Any such considerations do not qualify Blackstone’s objectives to maximize risk adjusted returns.

The Materials may contain forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations, taxes, earnings and financial performance, share repurchases and dividends.

You can identify these forward looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, indicator, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, scheduled, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words.

Such forward looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties.

Companies with significant energy spend are introduced to Schneider to evaluate a system of record offering.10 Such requirements exist only in countries where Blackstone can require vaccination status.11 The areas within the scope of the review include policies and procedures, disclosures, recordkeeping, licenses, whistleblowing, oversight, designation of chief compliance officer and conflicts of interest related to personal trade clearance, outside business activities, gifts entertainment, political contributions and charitable donations.12 Senior advisors are not Blackstone employees.

There can be no assurance that such professionals will be associated with the fund throughout the life of the fund.

The level of involvement and role of the advisors with each Blackstone portfolio company may vary, including having no involvement or role at all.13 Green lease clause requirements were mandated in Q4 2020.

Applicable to investments where Blackstone has majority control.

Green clauses will be implemented on a rolling basis.14 Fertility coverage and back up childcare benefits differ in APAC primary and secondary caregiver leave, adoption leave and phased back to work are global policies.15 As of July 2020.16 As of 2019.

At Blackstone, ESG is aligned with our core mission of creating long term value for our investors.

We seek to embed it within our investment process and operating philosophy.

Front Cover: Blackstone portfolio company Transmission Developers Inc. is building a 339 mile transmission line delivering 1250 MW of renewable power to New York City.