ESG Report 
2022

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Table of contents

Welcome

Climate

Trust

Letter from our CEO  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 3

Drivers  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 47

Governance .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 60

Our business .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 4

Consumers .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 49

Ethics and compliance .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 66

ESG highlights .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 5

Transparency  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 50

Data privacy and security  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 70

Mission, values, and ESG vision  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 6

Delivery  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 51

Freight  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 52

Performance

People

Impact  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 8

Driver and courier well-being  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 16

User safety  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 25

People and culture  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 31

Corporate .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 53

Governance of climate change  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .55

About this report  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 74

Materiality  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 76

Performance data .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 78

Indices  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 91

2022 ESG Report

2

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Letter from our CEO 

Last year, my letter in Uber’s annual ESG Report 
reflected on the global impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic and our efforts to address the unique 
and unprecedented challenges the world faced . As 
a society, we continue to face challenges, including 
the health, social, and economic implications from 
COVID; humanitarian crises leaving millions in need; 
and severe weather events that damage the places 
we call home . These challenges endanger society and 
threaten the resources available on our planet . 

This needs to change . Everyone needs to be able to 
move freely, and safely, and in a way that preserves the 
planet, its people, and its resources . 

At Uber, we don’t just power movement—our mission 
is to reimagine the way the world moves for the 
better . We want to help people go anywhere and 
get anything . We want you to move and earn freely, 
make the most of your time, and be connected to 
the people and places that matter most to you . We’re 
committed to safety and developing technology 
that aims to reduce incidents . We’re committed 
to sustaining equity and belonging for all . We’re 
committed to reducing the impact our operations 
have on the environment . We’re committed to 
you, and to the cities in which we serve—because 
we believe that when you thrive, when people 
connecting on our platform thrive, and when cities 
thrive, Uber thrives . 

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report reflects how we’ve embraced 
our values and our commitment to those who earn 
on, move on, or invest in our platform . We prioritize 
transparency and recognize its mandate in our journey 
to deliver value for you . 

Over the past year, we’ve: 

•  Published our second US Safety Report

•  Continued to advocate for the right to flexibility, fair 
benefits, and support for people who make money 
on the Uber platform

• 

Implemented a company-wide Human Rights Policy, 
Environmental Policy, US Political Engagement 
report, and Global Tax Strategy

•  Released our second Climate Assessment and 

Performance Report

•  Analyzed and quantified our risks and opportunities 

in key markets in support of the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

On the pages that follow, you’ll see details about our 
progress on these initiatives, our mission and values, 
and other actions we’ve taken that are integral to our 
environmental, social, and governance goals . 

Dara Khosrowshahi
Chief Executive Officer

3
3

2022 ESG ReportOur business1

Gross bookings2

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

72

countries

10K+

cities3

6.4B

trips

$90B

gross 
bookings

+56%

year over year

118M

MAPCs4

+27%

year over year

57%

Delivery

41%

Mobility

2%

Freight

4.4M

drivers and couriers

825K+

merchants

19M

average trips  
per day, Q15

1Gross bookings, trips are FY 2021 . MAPCs, drivers, merchants as of Q4 2021 .  
2As a percentage of gross bookings .
3Based on our internal definition of city, which includes metropolitan areas that include several cities .

4Monthly active platform consumers .
5As disclosed in our Q1 2022 press release .

4

2022 ESG ReportESG highlights

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues . For 
more information surrounding our material ESG issues, please view page 76 of this report .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Environmental

•  Working toward 100% rides in zero-emission 
vehicles, on micromobility, or through public 
transit by 2040 globally

•  As of Q2, 2022, there are 26,000 average monthly 
active zero-emission vehicle drivers across the 
Uber platform in Canada, Europe, and the US, 
serving 13 .3 million trips 

•  Report global Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which 
have received limited assurance from Lloyd’s 
Register Quality Assurance

•  Updated our Climate Assessment and 

Performance Report to cover emissions metrics 
assessed on 1 .4 billion+ rides completed between 
2020 and 2021

•  Joined the Science Based Targets initiative
(SBTi) and the Climate Pledge, and have
submitted our science-based target in 2022
for validation

•  Indexed to recommendations of the

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB) and Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

•  Matching 100% of the energy used across our

US workplaces with renewable energy

•  Achieved LEED Gold and WELL Platinum at

our headquarters

Social 
•  Driver and courier well-being: Surveyed drivers
and couriers through various sessions globally,
asked employees (including executives) to
drive and deliver in order to understand the
experience better, and published transparent
papers about opportunities to improve
independent work

•  People and culture: Published our 5th report
covering human capital management, DEI
issues, and more

•  Local impact: Published dozens of posts,

papers, and impact reports on critical ESG and
stakeholder issues

•  Urban use: Published analysis of the study we
commissioned in 8 cities around the world on
trends in urban development, transportation,
and ridesharing

Governance 
•  Data privacy: Launched our new Privacy

Center, a central hub for users to manage their
privacy preferences, and released our latest
Government Transparency Report

•  Data security: Obtained important certifications
and reports for core business lines (ISO 27001,
SOC 2, SOC 2 Type 2)

•  Policy and strategy: Published our Human Rights

Policy, Environmental Policy, Policy Against
Bribery and Corruption, and Global Tax Strategy

•  Political activities: In 2022, we released Uber’s US
Political Engagement report, which includes a
summary of our US Corporate Political Activity
Policy, board-level oversight, and direct lobbying
activities

5

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

We reimagine the way the world 
moves for the better

Go get it
Bring the mindset of a champion

Trip obsessed
Make magic in the marketplace

See the forest and the trees
Know the details that matter

One Uber
Bet on something bigger

Build with heart
We care

Stand for safety
Safety never stops

Great minds don’t think alike
Diversity makes us stronger

Do the right thing
Period

Mission, values,  
and ESG vision

We are Uber . The go-getters . The kind of people who are relentless 
about our mission to help people go anywhere, get anything, and 
earn in the way that works best for them . Movement is what we power . 
It’s our lifeblood . It runs through our veins . It’s what gets us out of 
bed each morning . It pushes us to constantly reimagine how we can 
connect movement . For you . For all the places you want to go . For 
all the things you want to get . For all the ways you want to earn . Across 
the entire world . In real time . At the incredible speed of now .

6

2022 ESG ReportBeing a values-led  
organization

Our new company values provide the clear guidance we need to 
successfully achieve our mission . We are a values-led company, 
which means that everything we do to drive business impact is 
rooted in our values . These values describe not only how we act but 
also what we do, the decisions we make, and where we spend our 
time . Our values are uniquely Uber, and they define our culture, who 
we are as a company, and who we want to join us in the future . 

Our goal with our culture activation work is to increase pride 
and connection to Uber, become a more aligned and effective 
organization, and ultimately achieve our mission . We know this is a 
multi-year goal and that it will require all of us—existing employees 
and new team members we bring in—to participate . We want people 
who are inspired by our mission and values to stay and contribute to 
our culture over time as we continue to refine and improve what it 
means to be a values-led organization . 

Extending our values through our ESG vision 
A critical component of being values-led is extending our values 
beyond our walls, into our products, our partnerships, and our 
interactions globally . Our ESG vision and strategy is a key way we’re 
bringing our values to life across the impacts of our business, 
internally and externally . 

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

ESG vision
Seamless integration of ESG principles into business decision-making to promote 
long-term stockholder value and a better quality of life for our stakeholders.

Watch our  
mission video

7

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

People

Impact 

2022 ESG Report 

8
8

2022 ESG ReportBelonging and equityGrowthCompensationWell-beingTrustConclusionAppendixPrideIntroductionIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Using the Uber 
platform for good
Access to public health 

Across the globe, Uber has been part of building 
back better amid a new normal. We’re working with 
cities and NGOs, partnering with health and mobility 
companies, and introducing new users to Uber through 
a variety of new products and offerings to keep people 
and cities moving. Showing up for cities in these 
challenging, fast-changing times is how we strive to 
always Do the right thing. Period.

Uber increases access in a wide variety of ways . One significant focus 
is on improving public health outcomes through transportation 
access . Every year, an estimated 3 .6 million Americans miss healthcare 
appointments due to a lack of reliable transportation . 

Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack 
of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy . In Washington, 
DC, for instance, Uber Health and Surgo Ventures partnered with 2 
federally qualified health centers (Community of Hope and Mary’s 
Center) to launch Rides for Moms, which provides free transportation 
for prenatal- and postnatal-care appointments for up to 1,000 
pregnant people . 

Participants may schedule their rides either through Uber Health 
or using vouchers, while receiving support from transportation 
coordinators . 

Similarly, CVS Health provided Uber Health rides to local community 
organizations for high-need individuals who need transportation to 
healthcare, work, or education in Atlanta, Columbus, and Hartford . This 
effort, part of CVS Health’s Health Zones initiative, meets an important 
need in social determinants of health by treating access as part of any 
individual’s overall well-being .

Access to transportation and food
Working to avoid missed appointments isn’t the only way Uber 
improves public health . A recent Brookings Institution report found 
that third-party delivery apps like Uber Eats help expand food access 
in low-income neighborhoods . Our Uber Transit partnership with 
Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, 
and medical appointments for addiction program participants . 
Participants found jobs within 9 days, on average, compared with 
31 days before the transit program started, while missed health 
appointments decreased from 75% to 19% .

9
9

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

More ways to get  
where you need to go

Increasing access also means developing new mobility options that 
reflect local needs . By building technology to make rides available 
with the tap of a button, Uber has helped revolutionize access to 
transportation . We have continued to diversify and expand the 
suite of offerings available through our platform, making on-
demand transportation accessible to a wider cross-section of urban 
populations while expanding the footprint of public transit and 
micromobility networks .

This past year has seen a rapid increase of motorcycle taxis, yellow 
taxis, and auto rickshaw taxis on the Uber platform . Our Uber Moto ride 
option provides access to low-cost motorcycle taxi rides while creating 
earning opportunities for drivers and couriers with a lower barrier to 
entry than car-based options . It’s also a popular way to fill the first-/last-
mile gap with public transit in Indian cities, a major finding of our Future 
of Cities - India report . This year, we launched Uber Moto in dozens of 
new cities, with more than 30 in Brazil alone, drawing a new rider base 
and increasing access to mobility for highly price-sensitive users . 

Across the globe, we’ve been growing our Uber Taxi ride option by 
launching in new cities and expanding existing operations . Over the past 
year, and through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 
20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in 
New York, San Francisco, and Italy have set a global precedent for Uber 
and taxis working together . We believe these partnerships are a win-win 
for cities, taxi drivers and companies, and Uber by better balancing 
demand for rides with supply of vehicles for cities .

In addition, Uber Transit supplements fixed-route service and improves 
paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the 
US and beyond . We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s 
ability to maintain service across its 700-mile service area through a 
partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to transit hubs through 
their app . Meanwhile, Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial 
employment center outside Chicago, to provide first-/last-mile 
connections to transit and late-night service across multiple transit 
agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program . 
We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through 
a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers 
paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across North America . 

On our quest to reduce car ownership, we provide access to a diversity 
of transportation options that fulfill different types of trips . For example, 
micromobility—including bikes and scooters—is particularly suited for 
short trips within dense environments . Through our partnership with 
Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 
2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services 
can now be accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities 
worldwide . Shifting to micromobility for deliveries will be one of the 
most meaningful ways we can keep cities moving while mitigating 
impacts on congestion and emissions, according to a study we 
commissioned from WSP . Car Next Door, which we recently acquired, 
offers peer-to-peer car sharing in Australia for longer trips . And we 
relaunched a newly designed shared-rides product that’s affordable 
and convenient for riders and drivers . Both services increase utilization 
of vehicles, either by finding uses for when the owner isn’t driving or by 
increasing the number of people in the vehicle when it’s in motion .

10
10

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Partnering with cities 
to build back better

In response to the quick return to pre-pandemic traffic levels in cities 
around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion . 
In it, we explored the role that Uber and road users play, introduced 
principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely 
single-occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part 
to help reduce congestion . Uber actively partners with companies 
and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single-occupant 
vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to support 
choosing green . 

Working in tandem with public policies is often the most effective way of 
achieving shared goals . Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to 
the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission 
Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 10% of the vehicle 
kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio 
across major European cities on the platform . But this would not have 
been possible without the reinforcing city policies of the CC and ULEZ, 
which were in place before our program launched .

In regards to delivery, about 95% of merchants report that working 
with Uber Eats has had a positive impact on their business during 
the pandemic . We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, 
providing $20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help 
local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat Local 
campaign, which included $4 .5 million in small business relief grants 
administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which 
were minority-owned . When indoor dining was shut down during the 
pandemic, we helped reimagine parking spots and other underutilized 
spaces as dining destinations . We tested some of these ideas in 
Harlem and Washington, DC .

One of the most compelling aspects of Uber that became evident 
over the last year is how we can pivot in response to changing 
environments . From creating new taxi partnerships and supporting 
refugees fleeing conflict to navigating fluctuating public health 
guidelines and the resulting changes to city dining and streetscapes, 
Uber continues to help people get where and what they need in 
every community we serve .

95%

of merchants report that 
working with Uber Eats has 
had a positive impact on 
their business during the 
pandemic.

11
11

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Helping  
communities

As a company that reimagines the way the world 
moves for the better, creating social impact in the 
communities Uber serves is at the heart of our 
mission. Uber embraces the use of our mobility and 
delivery technologies to make movement accessible 
to all and to increase equity. 

12
12

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Making it easier to get 
vaccinated against COVID-19

Over the past year, Uber has helped decrease transportation barriers 
to COVID-19 vaccinations . We also donated access to rides for those 
seeking refuge, offered meal delivery to frontline responders with 
Uber Eats, and transported essential goods in times of crisis with Uber 
Freight, among other purpose-driven efforts .

Committed 10 million free rides
In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides 
to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world 
so they could travel to get vaccinated . In the US, we partnered with 
organizations such as the League of United Latin American Citizens, 
Morehouse School of Medicine, National Action Network, and Partners 
in Health—organizations with ties to communities of color that 
were disproportionately impacted by the pandemic . Internationally, 
major partners included the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the 
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies 
(IFRC), and UNESCO . Uber worked with over 280 partners who were 
on the front lines of vaccinating our communities in 44 countries to 
provide these rides . 

Created the Vaccine Access Fund
In addition to Uber’s original commitment of 10 million rides 
for vaccines, we teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support 
Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access 
Fund in the US . This $11 million initiative lets us fund even more rides 
for communities in need . Specifically, it addresses health inequities 
by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where 
people from underserved parts of the country can learn about the 
vaccine from trusted contacts . We also launched an in-app feature 
that allows users to donate to the fund . Through that fund, we 

engaged 65 active community partners in 57 cities across 21 states 
to provide vaccine education and rides . Looking ahead, we’ll use 
remaining funds to address systemic barriers to access to health 
services beyond vaccines . 

Partnered with the White House
Uber worked with the White House to make it as easy as possible for 
everyone in the US to get vaccinated . We built an easy-to-use in-app 
experience, integrating vaccines .gov data directly into the Uber app, 
where users could find nearby available vaccination appointments 
from tens of thousands of local providers . From May 24 to July 4, 2021, 
we offered free rides (up to $25 each) for every leg of the trip to help 
people get to and from their first 2 vaccinations . 

Through transportation accessed through Uber 
Health, unemployed young adults in the Bridges to 
Employing Youth Program were able to receive a 
COVID-19 vaccination, a new requirement for many 
available employment positions. This service has 
opened many doors to the unemployed youth who 
have been financially impacted by the pandemic.

Fabiola Morales 
Bridges to Employing Youth Program Coordinator  
Raritan Bay Area YMCA

13
13

2022 ESG Report 
Helping people move to safety  
and contributing to community recovery

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Helped recovery from natural disasters
Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability 
to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services 
in response to disasters and to help with recovery . Uber continued 
to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as 
hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, 
feeding first responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber 
Freight . In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, 
and other essential supplies to communities in distress .

Supported Afghan refugees
Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with $1 million 
to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary 
housing, and other immediate needs upon arrival in the US . We worked 
with key organizations such as FWD .us, the International Rescue 
Committee (IRC), Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, No One 
Left Behind, Team Rubicon, Women for Afghan Women, and other 
frontline organizations supporting Afghan families . Uber also bolstered 
resources needed for these efforts by raising $1 .1 million through 
our in-app donation button for IRC’s resettlement programs . Uber 
matched up to $1 million of the funds raised . 

Provided humanitarian assistance for Ukrainians
Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC 
and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations 
including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations 
Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme . Uber 
donated to humanitarian agencies to feed Ukrainians and provide 
critical relief . Uber also helped riders donate directly to Ukraine relief 
at the tap of a button in the app . We helped power $3 .5 million in 
donations, including a $1 million match by Uber . To give riders more 
ways to help, we also launched Uber for Ukraine, a ride product in key 
European markets with an added surcharge that was given to the IRC 
for refugee relief . We gave over 60,000 free rides to help people fleeing 
the crisis move to safety within Ukraine and across the border, and to 
help governments and NGOs with humanitarian relief .

14
14

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Driving equity  
in the community

Anti-racism education for riders and drivers 
In 2021, Uber made progress on our commitment to build racial equity 
internally and externally—in our products, services, and advocacy—
and in communities where our riders and drivers come from . With the 
goal of ridding our platform of racism, Uber rolled out anti-racism and 
unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US . 
Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to develop 
training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and 
create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform .

Supporting Black-owned businesses
In 2020, Uber committed $10 million over the following 2 years to 
support Black-owned businesses through programs with Black-owned 
businesses directly and through partnerships with Black-owned 
restaurants on Uber Eats . Our main partner and advisor across our 
commitment to Black businesses has been EatOkra, a small Black-
owned business themselves, and a directory app that promotes and 
supports Black-owned businesses . Additionally, as part of Uber’s 
pledge, Uber Eats hosted a few events in Atlanta to support Black-
owned restaurants, including sponsoring the Taste 404 Summit in 
Atlanta in April 2022, which brought together owners and staff from 29 
Black-owned restaurants to share and learn about how to grow their 
businesses on- and off-platform .

15

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

People

Driver  
and courier 
well-being

2022 ESG Report 

16
16

2022 ESG ReportBelonging and equityGrowthCompensationWell-beingTrustConclusionAppendixPrideIntroductionIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Driver and 
courier well-being

Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of 
people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want . 
Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest open platforms for work, 
offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 
10,000 cities . Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people 
used Uber’s platform to earn . In total, they generated over 
US$150 billion in earnings, excluding tips .

Who’s earning with Uber?
Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and 
countries they serve . They include professional drivers, veterans, 
students, parents returning to work, people supplementing a primary 
income, and everything in between . 

6Figures as of Q4 2021 .

7Totals more than 100% because drivers and couriers were allowed to select multiple ethnicities . Survey 
was completed by a third party.

Global

US

92%

Share of drivers and couriers who are online with Uber 
fewer than 40 hours per week .6

67%

Share of drivers and couriers who are online with Uber 
fewer than 20 hours per week .6

15%

Share of drivers and couriers who are female .6

26%

Share of drivers who also deliver who are female . In addition, 
45% of couriers and 16% of drivers are female .6

In addition, in the US, drivers and couriers using 
Uber to earn identify as:

Age6

Race and ethnicity7

18-29 (33%)

30-39 (32%)

40-49 (20%)

50+ (14%)

White or Caucasian (49%)

Latino or Hispanic (17%)

Asian or Pacific Islander (14%)

Black or African American (14%)

Don’t know/prefer not to answer (8%) 

Native American (2%)

Other (1%)

17
17

2022 ESG ReportWhy they choose 
platform work

Open access
Individuals who earn money using platforms like Uber’s do not need 
to wait for a job opening or even interview for a role . While regulatory 
requirements vary across countries and cities, in many of Uber’s 
markets individuals who have documentation and licenses required by 
local laws and a vehicle meeting Uber’s requirements can sign up and 
start earning within a few days after passing a background screening . 

Low barriers to entry ensure that workers from all backgrounds, 
regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, education, or 
other characteristics, have equal access to work . This also means that 
platform work attracts diverse groups of workers who may have been 
historically marginalized from the labor market .

Control and autonomy
Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real-time control over 
their working hours, times, and locations . There are no negotiations or 
minimum hours, only reasonable constraints on maximum hours to 
promote safety and comply with local regulations .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

The vast majority of drivers and couriers consistently report that flexibility is a 
key reason they chose app-based independent work

94%

Share of drivers and couriers in Australia, Canada, and 
the US who said they are satisfied with the flexibility and 
independence provided through their work with Uber .8

90%

Share of drivers and couriers in Mexico who said 
they prefer total control of their schedule over other 
benefits .11

94%

Share of couriers in Taiwan who cited flexibility and 
freedom as the top reason for choosing platform work .9

90%

Share of new platform workers in Australia, Brazil, Canada, 
France, the UK, and the US who cited flexibility as a 
motivation to start platform work during the pandemic .10

89%

Share of drivers and couriers in Canada who said that 
schedule flexibility is important to them when looking 
for work, and on average, flexibility was a more important 
factor than earnings in the choice to work with Uber .12

8 Responded “Good” or “Okay” to the question “Overall, how would you rate your driving or delivery 
experience with the Uber app in the following areas?” with respect to “Your flexibility and independence 

when driving/delivering (like working when and where you want) .”
9 “Do Gig Workers Want to be Employees? New Survey Results May Surprise You,” Taiwan Business 
Topics, March 8, 2021 .

10“Platforms Work,” Accenture, 2021 . 
11“Encuesta Nacional de Conductores y Repartidores de Aplicaciones en México,” Quadrant Strategies, 2021 . 
12“The Impact of Uber in Canada,” Uber, 2021 . 

18
18

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Working with  
multiple platforms
Drivers and couriers working with 
Uber can work across multiple apps, 
with no restriction on how they spend 
their time outside of the Uber app. 
The ability to work with multiple 
apps not only offers workers more 
choice, but it also fosters healthy 
competition among platforms.

For key examples of Board and committee oversight 
of ESG issues, and specifically driver and courier well-
being, please view page 64 of this report.

Research has shown that the majority of platform workers in the US 
choose to work with more than one platform . A 2021 survey of drivers 
and couriers working with Uber in the US found that nearly 75% 
reported having worked with at least one platform other than Uber . 
The same survey found that multi-appers are more likely than single-
appers to be:

•  Delivering food or groceries (78% and 48%, compared with 62% 

and 10% of single-appers)

•  Driving and/or delivering full-time (39%, compared with 21% of 

single-appers)

•  Female (32%, compared with 24% of single-appers)

A 2022 survey of drivers and couriers 
working with Uber in Canada found that 
multi-appers choose app-based driving 
for the same reasons as single-appers:13

93%

of multi-appers agree that driving and delivering 
“provides me with flexibility to choose when, where, and 
how I work, which I can’t get from a traditional job”

89%

of multi-appers report that flexibility and control over 
their schedule is extremely or very important

87%

agree “It is something I wouldn’t be able to do 
anymore if it didn’t offer a flexible schedule”

13 Results are filtered to the 42% of respondents who indicated that they 

work using more than one app .

19

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Working with Uber through  
the COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has created lasting disruption to the labor 
market . According to the International Labour Organization, global 
working hours in 2021 were estimated at 4 .3% below pre-pandemic 
levels, the equivalent of 125 million full-time jobs lost .

Research has long suggested that platform work could help people 
meet their financial needs in a crisis, but COVID-19 stress-tested that 
claim . In early 2021, Accenture surveyed nearly 5,000 new platform 
workers and analyzed Uber’s data covering 7 million platform workers 
across 6 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, the UK, and 
the US) . Accenture’s research suggests that platform work provided 
workers with a financial safety net, an ongoing connection to the labor 
market, and satisfying work that was more than a means to an end .

In each of the countries surveyed, between 7 and 8 out of 10 new 
platform workers said that:

•  Platform work was an essential or important source of income
•  They would not be able to meet financial needs without income from 

platform work

•  Platform work acted as a secondary source of financial security

Workers surveyed for the report who lost a job during the pandemic 
before starting platform work indicated that a connection to the 
labor market helped them maintain skills, motivation, and work 
habits . Platform work can also help improve employability: 65% of 
people who started platform work during the pandemic agreed that 
they gained valuable skills that could help their future employment 
prospects .

In some countries where Uber operates, workers can switch between 
rideshare and delivery at the touch of a button . Accenture observed 
use of this flexibility in response to shifts in consumer demand: in 
Australia, Canada, and the US, the proportion of rideshare workers 
completing delivery trips doubled between December 2019 and 
December 2020 . In the US, 22% of drivers taking UberX trips also 
delivered in the last 4 weeks of 2021 .

Women and flexible work
Research has shown that:
•  Women benefit more from flexible work arrangements 

than their male counterparts .

•  Women favor jobs with more independence, shorter 
workweeks, less structure, and increased decision-
making, and they place greater importance on 
interpersonal relationships .

•  The COVID-19 pandemic affected women more than 
men . The employment level for women in the US fell 
18 percentage points between February and April 
2020, dropping 3 .7 percentage points more than 
the employment level of their male counterparts . 
Research has attributed the gap to child-care 
responsibilities among women with school-age 
children and female overrepresentation in the sectors 
most adversely affected .

As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women 
were able to rely on app-based work for flexible earning 
opportunities—especially food and grocery delivery . 
During 2021, the number of women working on the Uber 
platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre-
pandemic levels . The number of women who signed up 
to earn with Uber in 2021 exceeded the 2019 amount by 
more than 50% . And on Uber’s growing delivery platform, 
the share of women among couriers also increased .

20
20

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Improving the quality of  
independent platform work

While digital apps and platforms like ours have been and continue to 
be powerful forces for creating economic opportunity, it’s clear that 
more can be done to improve the quality and security of platform 
work . We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, 
governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of 
independent platform work .

We believe that platform work should provide independent platform 
workers with:

•  Flexibility: The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work .

•  Earnings: Fair and transparent earning opportunities .

Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and 
couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work 
while expanding access to benefits and protections, including:

•  Chile: The legislature passed a law that incorporates platform 

workers into the government’s healthcare and pensions scheme and 
introduces new requirements for platform companies to guarantee 
earnings at 120% of the minimum wage for time spent actively 
working, maintain on-app insurance coverage, provide couriers 
with safety equipment, and reconsider disputed decisions . The bill 
also provides a pathway to unionization for independent contractor 
workers .

•  Benefits and protections: Access to social protections and benefits 

•  Washington State (US): Governor Jay Inslee signed into law a 

One year on:  
Proposition 22 in California

In November 2020, Proposition 22 passed with support 

from over 58% of California voters . Prop 22 ensures that 

drivers and couriers working with platforms like Uber get 

a number of benefits, including an earnings guarantee, 

healthcare stipends, injury protection insurance, and 

safety training .

A September 2021 survey of drivers and 
couriers working with Uber, DoorDash, 
Instacart, and Lyft in California found that:

that fit the work .

•  Voice: Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on 

feedback .

•  Growth: Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

bill drafted in collaboration with Teamsters 117 and their affiliated 
Drivers Union that preserves rideshare driver independence and 
confers new benefits such as a minimum earnings guarantee, injury 

protection and paid sick leave, and a process to appeal deactivations . 89%

believe Prop 22 protects 
their freedom and flexibility

88%

of drivers say Prop 22 has 
been good for them

87%

believe Prop 22 is better 
than being an employee on 
a fixed schedule

84%

agree Prop 22 benefits 
them personally

21
21

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

While changes to the law may be required in many countries to ensure 
that platform workers are protected across apps, we’re working with 
our peers in the business community, wherever possible, to improve 
working conditions today . For example:

•  Australia: We led the development of the National Safety Principles 

for Food Delivery Platforms and signed onto it with other food 
delivery platforms . We’re committed to improving safety in the 
sector and upholding the principles by maintaining policies 
and processes in respect of training and information sharing, 
delivery equipment and personal protective equipment, support, 
consultation with workers and other stakeholders, and incident 
reporting and investigation, among other matters .

•  Japan: As a leader in the delivery industry, we partnered with the 

Japan Food Delivery Service Association and its major food delivery 
platform members . In 2022, the association released Guidelines 
for Improving the Working Environment for Food Delivery Service 
Couriers, building on its Road Safety Guidelines released in 2021 .

We have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and 
other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful 
participation and innovative approaches to dialogue, including:

•  Global: Uber signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the 
International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF), a democratic, 
affiliate-led federation of nearly 700 transport workers’ unions from 
147 countries, representing 20 million workers . The agreement 
allows Uber and ITF to collaborate on measures to benefit drivers 
and couriers, including dialogue on a variety of topics such as trade 
union representation, freedom of association and bargaining, working 
conditions, health and safety, social protections, and dispute resolution .

•  Canada: Uber Canada signed an agreement with Canada’s largest 
private-sector union in the food, retail, and service sectors, United 
Food and Commercial Workers Canada (UFCW Canada) . Through 
this agreement, UFCW Canada can provide representation if 
requested by drivers and couriers facing an account deactivation 
or other account dispute issues . UFCW Canada and Uber will 
jointly advocate that provincial governments enact industry-wide 
legislative reforms, such as a minimum earnings standard, a benefits 
fund, and worker rights .

•  Australia: Uber Australia signed a Statement of Principles with the 

country’s largest union in the transport sector, the Transport Workers 
Union (TWU) . Our agreement expresses the fact that Uber and TWU 
support industry-wide standards that ensure minimum and transparent 
enforceable earnings and benefits for platform workers, dispute 
resolution mechanisms, and the rights of platform workers to have 
an effective collective voice .

22
22

2022 ESG ReportListening to drivers 
and couriers

In addition to listening, Uber executives, product 
managers, engineers, and our CEO hit the road to 
understand what drivers and couriers experience 
daily . They discovered pain points big and small, 
from in-app design choices to the need for 
significant navigation improvements . The feedback 
from these lived experiences resulted in more than 
300 fixes that meaningfully improved the driver and 
courier experience .

We remain open and committed to working with 
peers, users, and industry associations to build 
the right representation models for platform 
work and to ensure accountability for delivering on 
commitments . 

We’re committed to capturing the diverse 
perspectives of people who earn on our platform, 
listening to their opinions, and addressing and 
supporting their needs . During 2021, we held over 
300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers 
and couriers around the world and conducted more 
than 50 surveys to gather feedback .

We’ve doubled down on programs that enable 
groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback 
with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on 
behalf of their communities so that we can make 
meaningful changes . After a successful launch in 
Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils 
to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program 
through which drivers and couriers elect other 
drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) 
to all 50 states . We meet regularly with driver and 
courier associations in many countries and regions, 
including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington 
State (US) . We also engage with unions in several 
places, including France and the UK .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Introducing features drivers and couriers want

Refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom  
Drivers and couriers need to be able to refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom when they 
choose to stop for a rest . In 2021, starting in the US, we rolled out an in-app feature that 
enables drivers and couriers to pause incoming trip requests without having to log off, to 
find a restroom, and to save on gas through our partnership with Upside . Using data from 
GasBuddy, drivers and couriers can now use the Uber app to navigate directly to nearby gas 
stations and restrooms, and they can save money per gallon through cash back with Upside .

Navigate your way 
Drivers, including Uber Crew Members in the US, have told us that one of their biggest pain 
points when driving or delivering is navigation . To help make pickups smoother, we’re now 
showing drivers what side of the street their pickup will  be on and providing a more precise 
description of where to meet up . Drivers can choose from up to 2 alternate routes and change 
their navigation provider within the Uber app . We’re also working on traffic-based rerouting to 
help make sure drivers can be confident they’re taking the least-congested route . 

More live support 
We expanded our phone support for all drivers and couriers in the US and Canada from 
5 days to 7 days a week . For Uber Pro Gold, Platinum, or Diamond drivers and couriers, live 
phone support is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week .

Modular onboarding 
When a new driver wants to both drive and deliver, we’ve made it possible for them to start 
delivering as soon as they meet the necessary requirements for delivery, rather than having to 
wait for their mobility onboarding process to complete .

23
23

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Partnering  
on benefits

Where it’s possible for us to do so, we partner locally to provide and 
facilitate a wide range of perks and protections for drivers and couriers, 
including through our Uber Pro loyalty program .

Insurance products: We partner with leading insurance companies 
to offer a range of protection solutions, including on-app coverage for 
accidents and injuries while working—and in some markets, income 
protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness . 
Examples include Uber’s partnerships with:

•  Allianz in the UK and Europe and AXA in France, where Uber fully 

funds on-trip and off-app benefits for eligible drivers and couriers, 
including injury, sickness, maternity, and paternity payments .

•  Chubb in Australia, where Uber fully funds on-app accident 
protection, including payments for certain common injuries, 
permanent disability and accidental death compensation, and 
reimbursement or lump-sum benefits in certain events such as 
hospitalization or assault .

Learning and growth: We partner with academic and learning 
institutions to make opportunities available to eligible drivers and their 
family members through bachelor’s degree programs and courses 
on entrepreneurship, skills development, and language learning . 
Examples include Uber’s partnerships with:

•  Rosetta Stone to provide eligible drivers and couriers around the 

world the opportunity to learn a new language for free .

•  Arizona State University (ASU) in the US has enrolled nearly 4,000 

drivers, couriers, and their family members in online undergraduate 
degree programs through a partnership that provides 100% 
tuition coverage . As of Spring 2022, more than 300 participants 
have graduated with a bachelor’s degree . In addition, more than 
10,000 have participated in our Upskilling program with ASU, which 
includes English language and entrepreneurship courses .

•  Endeavor and Sebrae Latin America with technical assistance 

from the International Finance Corporation to provide drivers and 
couriers with access to online micro-courses in entrepreneurship, 
including financial education, future of work, personal marketing, 
time management, and customer service .

•  African Management Institute to offer a free learning program 

focused on skills development and entrepreneurship for drivers and 
couriers in sub-Saharan Africa .

•  Open University in the UK to offer eligible drivers and couriers or a 
family member to take a fully funded undergraduate degree-level 
course, or other short courses .

In 2021, we made it possible for drivers and couriers in many of Uber’s 
markets to request an achievement summary letter that details 
the date of their first trip or delivery, number of trips and deliveries, 
average customer rating, and top feedback . Drivers and couriers can 
use these letters as evidence of their experience using the Uber app 
in job and other applications . To date, 32,000 achievement summary 
letters have been downloaded since launch in mid-2021 .

How satisfied are drivers and 
couriers when using Uber?

Drivers’ and couriers’ experience with Uber affects their 

decision to go online and offer their services in Uber’s 

marketplaces . Uber will continue to work tirelessly to earn 

the trust and business of the drivers and couriers who 

use our platform for work . 

Drivers and couriers satisfied (2021)14

72%

Global

14 Responded that they are either “somewhat satisfied” or “very satisfied” with their experience 
with Uber . In 2021, we made changes to the survey methodology (including sampling design 

and questionnaire design), so these results cannot be compared with 2020 results .

24
24

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

People

User  
safety

2022 ESG Report 

25
25

2022 ESG ReportBelonging and equityGrowthCompensationWell-beingTrustConclusionAppendixPrideIntroductionUser safety

At Uber, we embed safety into everything that 
we do . We’re committed to making Uber safer for 
everyone using the platform . Since 2017, we’ve 
doubled the size of our Safety team, made safety a 
core company value, and continued our investment 
in new safety technologies and features . 

We’ve consistently raised the bar on safety for 
the industry by embracing an expert-driven, 
action-oriented, and transparent approach 
while holding ourselves accountable to the 
commitments we’ve made . 

We are continuously investing and innovating to 
enhance the safety of the platform for all users .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Uber’s approach to safety focuses on 4 key pillars:

01

02

03

Platform access 

Product experience

Support and response

04

Partnering with experts 
and advocates

Elevate industry standards 

Strive to help reduce safety 

Support all platform users 

Ensure that Uber’s safety 

with clear platform protocols, 

incidents by building new 

with empathy and care in 

approach is guided by expert 

strong governance, and robust 

technology solutions as a core 

times of need .

screening technology .

part of the app .

and advocate advice as part of 

our commitment to building 

trust with the people and 

communities we serve .

26
26

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Access to 
the platform

Safety 
product experience

We believe everyone has the right to a safe 
experience while using Uber . Everyone who uses 
the app must commit to adhering to Uber’s 
Community Guidelines, which are centered on 
3 key principles: treating everyone with respect, 
helping to keep one another safe, and following 
the law . 

Uber continues to prioritize robust screening 
processes and technology for drivers and couriers 
to help strengthen the safety of our platform, and 
we’re proud to have applied innovative technology 
to enhance our overall screening initiatives .  

Uber’s driver screening process consists of 
several identity safeguards, including a review 
of identity information such as a driver’s license, 
Social Security number, proof of insurance, and 
vehicle registration . In the US, we also collect and 
examine a driver’s background history through a 
third-party vendor accredited by the Professional 
Background Screening Association . These checks 
are rerun annually .

15 Available in most markets .

16Available in select markets . 

We have long set the standard for platform safety 
technology . Our core safety features include: 

•  The Safety Toolkit, a single spot in the app where 

riders, drivers and couriers can access safety 
features during their trip . 

•  In-app Emergency Button, which connects riders, 
drivers and couriers directly to 911 with the push of a 
button and, where available, allows users to text 911 .

•  Phone number and address anonymization,15 

which hides the personal details of riders, drivers 
and couriers .

•  Share My Trip/Follow My Ride, which allow 

riders, drivers and couriers to share their trip with 
designated loved ones who can follow their trip in 
real time .

•  Verify My Ride: Riders can opt in to receiving a 
unique 4-digit PIN before each trip, which they 
provide verbally to their driver, who needs to enter 
it into their app to start the trip .

•  Speed-limit alerts and driving-hours tool, 

which help reduce speeding and fatigued driving . 

•  RideCheck16 can detect rare events such as long 

stops, unexpected routes, or possible vehicle 
crashes and send a notification to riders and 
drivers to see if all is well . Then, if needed, the app 
provides tools that they can use to get help . 

Since the publication of the last ESG Report, we 
have continued to innovate and launch new safety 
features for users, including:  

•  Rider Seat Belt Alerts: To improve adoption of 
rear seat-belt use, we began rolling out Rider 
Seat Belt Alerts to prompt riders to take this 
lifesaving step . After a driver starts the trip, an 
audio tone will be emitted from the driver’s 
phone and riders will receive a push notification 
reminding them to buckle up .

•  Audio Recording: We began piloting a new 

Audio Recording feature in the US that allows 
drivers and riders to record audio during a trip . 
Any recorded content is encrypted on the phone 
so that no one can access it without permission . 
Uber can only access it if the user reports a safety 
incident and includes the audio file . The feature 
is already available in more than dozen countries 
around the world . 

•  Rider Verification: Riders who try to set up a new 
account with an anonymous form of payment, 
such as a prepaid gift card, are required to upload 
an ID, which undergoes a series of validity checks . 
These additional verification requirements can act 
as a deterrent to those who are trying to use the 
app for theft or to harm drivers .

27
27

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Support 
and response

At Uber, we’re committed to supporting all users with empathy and 
care in times of need .

Reporting channels and response teams
Uber receives and proactively gathers safety incident reports from 
more than 10 different channels, including the app, our critical safety 
line, social media, and law enforcement . We encourage feedback 
and reporting, even though this increases the total number of safety 
reports we receive and need to manage, because it shows us the 
reality of our users’ experiences and helps us improve our safety 
processes and policies .

All potential safety-related reports are manually reviewed by teams 
of specialized customer support agents for proper adjudication . 
When our support teams receive safety-related reports, they are 
triaged and classified by agents based on the description given by 
the reporting party, and appropriate action is then taken in each and 
every case . 

Working with law enforcement 
Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement 
officials to promote safety within our communities . We have a 
dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up of former 
law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law 
enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during 
an emergency or investigation .

If anything happens, 24/7 support is 
available in the app from a specialized 
team of Uber agents who are trained 
to handle sensitive reports.

28

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Partnerships and  
preventative initiatives

Sexual misconduct education
In partnership with RAINN (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network), 
a national anti-sexual-violence organization, we developed and 
launched comprehensive sexual misconduct education for drivers 
in the US, led by real drivers . These video modules cover a wide 
range of topics, including respecting privacy and personal space, 
conversational boundaries, and sexual assault awareness and 
bystander intervention; they also offer resources and strategies for 
promoting safety on the Uber app .  

Driving Change 
Since 2017, Uber’s Driving Change initiative has provided funding to 
organizations working to prevent, address, and respond to gender-
based violence . This funding has supported the critical work of these 
organizations, including those that are survivor-led and that provide 
culturally specific resources and support to communities . This 
work includes initiatives like NO MORE’s #DontStandBy bystander 
awareness campaign and Rise’s Survivor Safe Haven project .

Industry Sharing Safety Program
When we published our first US Safety Report, we committed to 
finding a way to share deactivation17 data with other rideshare 
companies . In 2021, we made good on that promise, launching the 
Industry Sharing Safety Program . This initiative enables companies to 
exchange basic information about drivers who have been deactivated 
for serious sexual assault or physical assault fatalities to help prevent 
these individuals from operating on another platform .

17 Deactivation refers to the specific Uber account that was being used during the safety incident(s) that 
led to removal . For example, if a driver is flagged by Uber’s system and subsequently deactivated for 

unsafe driving, they may still be allowed to ride with Uber using the rider app . 

We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations 
worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety 
organizations, and crime-prevention organizations to ensure that 
we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices . We are 
proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs 
and initiatives, including those highlighted below . 

Impaired-driving prevention 
Since 2012, we have partnered with Mothers Against Drunk Driving 
(MADD) to reduce drunk driving throughout the country . Last year 
we launched a first-of-its kind coalition with MADD and Anheuser-
Busch to raise awareness and ultimately shift behavior when 
it comes to drinking and driving . Together we reached tens of 
millions of people with our “Decide to Ride” campaign and provided 
discounted rides . In addition, we partnered with the Governors 
Highway Safety Association (GHSA) to support impaired-driving 
prevention efforts in states across the country .

Bicycle delivery safety
 We partnered with the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) 
on a campaign to provide important road safety guidance to bicycle 
couriers using Uber Eats . Using feedback from bicycle couriers, GHSA 
developed a series of safe riding tips . The tips featured information 
on safe road positioning and how to safely operate and maintain a 
bicycle . In addition, we launched Bicycle-Friendly Driver education 
with the League of American Bicyclists, which is available to all drivers 
on the platform . And our Bike Lane Alert feature reminds riders to 
watch for bicyclists before exiting the vehicle .

29
29

2022 ESG ReportCommitments  
and transparency

US Safety Reports
Uber’s US Safety Reports are part of our ongoing commitment to 
continually improve the safety of our platform for all who use it . These 
reports detail our safety policies and processes and share data on the 
most serious incidents that occur on our rideshare platform in the US: 
motor vehicle fatalities, physical assault fatalities, and sexual assaults . 

As outlined in both reports (2017-2018 and 2019-2020), our data 
continues to show that the vast majority of trips on Uber (99.9%) are 
completed without any reported safety incident at all . And yet, we 
recognize that even one critical incident is one too many, as it reflects 
the devastating personal experience of an individual using Uber . 

These reports bring hard data to bear in order to drive transparency 
and accountability and improve safety for Uber and the entire 
industry . We know that secrecy doesn’t make anyone safer, and we are 
committed to consistently raising the bar on safety . Our hope is that 
more companies will follow Uber’s lead, commit to being transparent 
about critical safety incidents, and publish their own safety reports . 

For a detailed review of safety policies, 
processes, and data, please view 
Uber’s US Safety Report.

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

30

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

People

People 
and culture

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

31

31

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Our talent approach

Uber is a unique organization . We are a tech 
company that connects the physical and digital 
worlds to help make movement happen at the tap of 
a button . We’ve gone from connecting rides on  
4 wheels to rides on 2 wheels to freight deliveries on 
18 wheels; from facilitating the delivery of takeout 
meals to the delivery of daily essentials, groceries, 
and just about anything else you need when you 
need it . We move quickly—responding to day-to-
day changes on the ground in 72 countries and 
more than 10,000 cities globally .18 We face difficult 
challenges and continue to reimagine the way the 
world moves for the better .

To work at this speed, scale, and complexity, it’s 
essential that we attract and retain a diverse mix of 
people—people who are motivated and energized 
by our mission . We need go-getters who are looking 
to improve the way things work for everyone on our 

platform around the world . We know we won’t be the 
right fit for everyone, which is why we’re committed 
to being clear about who we are and what it’s like to 
work at Uber . 

We’re collecting data from employees to understand 
what matters to them most and why they stay and 
build a career here . We are using this insight to 
clarify our priorities and approach, and, as a result, 
we’re focused on 6 differentiated employee needs: 
pride, belonging and equity, growth, compensation, 
well-being, and trust . This human capital strategy 
ensures that we consider the needs of our diverse 
workforce and continue to create an engaging, 
equitable, and inclusive experience in each of these 
critical areas . 

1 8 Based on our internal definition of cities; country and city metrics 

are as of December 31, 2021 .

People and 
Culture 
Report
2022

You can see a full breakdown of 
our talent approach and what 
we’re doing to improve the 
employee experience in our 
2022 People and Culture Report.

Hear more about what our 
employees have to say about 
working at Uber.

Pride

Belonging 
and equity

Growth

Compensation

Well-being

Trust

“

Our mission and values drive us as an organization, including 
who we attract and retain. We want people who are inspired 
by our mission and share our values to join us, so they can do 
the best work of their career and truly have an impact on the 
world. But it’s not enough to have a compelling mission and 
strong values on a page—those have to come to life in our 
employees’ day-to-day experience. We’re working across 
our organization to make sure that employees experience our 
values at every step of their journey, effectively meeting their 
needs as an individual and as part of our community. We are 
hyperfocused on designing an ecosystem that enables our 
people and our business to thrive.

Nikki Krishnamurthy 
Chief People Officer 

32

2022 ESG Report 
Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Our workforce: overview 19

Workforce diversity (global)

Tech

20

Male

Female

23.7%

1,330

76.3%

4,273

Operations

21

General and administrative

22

Support

23

56.4%

2,422

43.6%

1,871

46.2%

1,504

53.8%

1,748

48.8%

51.2%

3,307
3,47

4

Workforce diversity (regional)

Workforce diversity (global)

Full-time employees in 10 largest offices

US & Canada

9,602

LatAm
2,709

  Male

Female

EMEA

3,636

APAC

5,113

Employees by tenure

0-1 year 

37.6%

2 to 3 years  13.4%

1 to 2 years  13.2%

3+ years 

35.8%

Employee experience data highlights24

San Francisco, US   3,413

  Chicago, US    1,513

Hyderabad, IN    1,461

Taguig City, PH    1,081

Osasco, BR      879

New York, US     876

Sunnyvale, US     854

Amsterdam, NL     842

Bangalore, IN     668

Mexico City, MX

666

19 2022 workforce representation data reflects data as of December 31, 2021 . Total employees includes all 

21 Includes core business teams (Core Services, Uber Eats, Global Rides, Business Development, Safety & 

23 Support workforce (typically referred to as customer service employees in industry terms), which consists 

active full-time employees, excluding casual employees and interns .

Insurance, Uber for Business; previously also included New Mobility and Product Ops) .

of Community Specialists at our Centers of Excellence and Greenlight Hubs .

20Includes Engineering, Product, and Uber Freight teams . 

22 Includes corporate functions (People & Places, Policy & Comms, Legal & Security, Finance, and Marketing) .

24Employee experience data as of Q1 2022 .

83%

Employees who say they are 
proud to work at Uber.

84%

Employees who say they are 
passionate about Uber’s mission.

33

2022 ESG Report 
 
 
 
 
Belonging and equity: cultivating  
diversity, equity, and inclusion at Uber 

When it comes to belonging at Uber, we strive to 
be the undisputed global leader in connecting 
diverse people and resources on the most equitable, 
inclusive, and safe technology-enabled platform . 
This is driven by our commitment to build the 
highest-performing diverse workforce working 
in the most inclusive, equitable, and engaging 
workplace . The philosophy starts fundamentally by 
attracting a diverse workforce, fostering a sense of 
belonging and community, driving accountability 
through enhanced data strategy and transparency, 
and amplifying that across Uber’s ecosystem .

Our original anti-racist commitments
During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique 
role and responsibility to help fight racism and, 
particularly, its disparate impact on the Black 
community . At that time, Uber announced our 
commitments to become a more anti-racist 
company . The commitments are organized under 
4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting 
racism with technology, driving equity in the 
community, and sustaining equity and 
belonging for all . 

Through 2021, Uber has made significant strides in 
all 4 pillars . The overall health of our racial equity 
commitments is strong, and we’re continuing to 
make meaningful progress . See our 2022 People and 
Culture Report for more detail on our progress and 
accomplishments . 

Continuing commitments
While we have accomplished key goals, we’ll continue 
to maintain our focus on improving product 
equity and marketplace fairness with formalized 
teams committed to these areas . We also will be 
focused on continuing progress on the remaining 
12 commitments . Uber’s Racial Equity Leadership 
Council (RELC), comprising 60-plus senior leaders 
and stakeholders across multiple functions, 
has designated subcommittees for each of our 
commitments . Through these commitments and their 
governance, we’re focused on developing sustainable 
solutions to integrate equity into everyday business 
practices . These commitments are just the start . 
There is still a lot of work to be done, and we remain 
committed to the path of moving equity forward .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Read more about our  
anti-racist commitments.

34

2022 ESG ReportWorkforce diversity:
demographic data

While we track and set targets related to specific 
populations and levels, we monitor our progress in 
hiring and retaining diverse talent across the board . 
Since our last report, which included data as of March 
31, 2021, we’ve seen some mixed progress in overall 
representation and representation in leadership .

Overall, the number of employees identifying as 
women globally increased 0 .3 percentage points 
from 2021 to 2022 . In the US, the number of 
employees identifying as underrepresented people 
(URP) rose by 0 .6 percentage points . The number of 
employees in the US identifying as Black or African 
American decreased 1 .0 percentage point overall 
from 2021 to 2022 . In the US, Asian and Hispanic/
Latino populations rose by 1 .3 percentage points and 
1 .9 percentage points, respectively .

We continue to focus on hiring Black or African 
American talent and are building more strategic 
partnerships for sourcing this talent as well as 
enforcing the Mansfield Rule . We also know that 
retention is likely the greatest lever we can pull . In 
addition to the sponsorship program mentioned 
later in this report, in 2021 we launched URP visibility 
forums/talent reviews across many organizations 
where we review top Black or African American and 
Hispanic/Latino talent to make sure they are getting 
the support and development they need and/or are 
not being held back due to bias .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Workforce diversity trends25,26

Women

42.5%

1.6-percentage-point increase since 2019

3.9% population increase since 2019

Global gender representation

n
e
m
o
W

’19

’20

’21

’22

40.9%

40.3%

42.2%

42.5%

n
e
M

’19

’20

’21

’22

URP

23.6%

1.3-percentage-point increase since 2019

5.8% population increase since 2019

Black or African American 

9.3%

0-percentage-point increase since 2019

0% population increase since 2019

Asian

36.0%

3-percentage-point increase since 2019

9.1% population increase since 2019

Hispanic or Latino

9.9%

1.6-percentage-point increase since 2019

19.3% population increase since 2019

US race/ethnicity representation27

e
t
i
h
W

’19

’20

’21

’22

i

n
a
s
A

’19

’20

’21

’22

44.7%

44.8%

42.2%

40.3%

33.0%

37.2%

34.7%

36.0%

8
2

P
R
U

’19

’20

’21

’22

s
e
c
a
R
e
r
o
M

r
o
o
w
T

’19

’20

’21

’22

22.3%

18.0%

23.0%

23.6%

n
a
c
i
r
f
A

r
o
k
c
a
B

l

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

’19

9.3%

’20

7.5%

’21

’22

10.3%

9.3%

4.0%

1.3%

4.1%

3.9%

r
o

i

n
a
d
n

I

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

e
v
i
t
a
N
a
k
s
a
A

l

’19

0.4%

’20

0.5%

’21

0.3%

’22

0.2%

r
o
n
a

i
i

a
w
a
H
e
v
i
t
a
N

’19

0.3%

’20

0.3%

’21

’22

0.3%

0.3%

25 Numbers reflect demographic data on the following dates: 2022 as of December 31, 2021; 2021 as of March 31, 2021; 2020 as of August 31, 2020; 2019 as of March 31, 

2019 . Additional information pertaining to workforce representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports . Data callouts on trending progress 
illustrate both the net-percentage-point increase (calculated based on the net difference between 2019 and 2022) and the population growth (calculated based on 2022 
representation percentages divided by 2019 representation percentages) .

26Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding .

27 Overall US employees who self-identified their race/ethnicity . Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self-report race/ethnicity . Denominator for 

these figures is total employees in selected org .

28 Uber categorizes US employees as URP if they self-identify into the following demographic categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or 

Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races .

35

59.1%

59.7%

57.8%

57.5%

’19

’20

’21

’22

8.3%

8.4%

8.0%

9.9%

o
n
i
t
a
L

i

r
o
c
n
a
p
s
H

i

2022 ESG Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leadership diversity trends29,30,31

Overall32

Global gender representation

28.0%

32.4%

33.6%

37.4%

n
e
m
o
W

n
e
M

’19

’20

’21

’22

’19

’20

’21

’22

72.0%

67.6%

66.4%

62.6%

US race/ethnicity representation

59.9%
61.6%

56.3%

58.9%

5
3

P
R
U

8.0%

8.5%

11.3%

10.9%

e
t
i
h
W

’19

’20

’21

’22

n
a
c
i
r
f
A

r
o
k
c
a
B

l

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

’19

’20

’21

’22

3.3%

4.1%

3.8%

3.4%

Leadership  
representation 

From a leadership perspective, the percentage 
of women in leadership overall increased  
3 .8 percentage points globally . 

In the US, the percentage of Black or African 
American leaders decreased by 0 .4 percentage 
points, Asian leaders by 2 .2 percentage points, and 
Hispanic/Latino leaders by 0 .6 percentage points 
since 2021 .

We continue to focus on the development, 
promotion, and retention of women and URP in 
leadership programs to improve our progress at 
these levels .29  

29 Includes executives and senior management Level 7 and above 

(Director-level and above) .

30 Numbers reflect demographic data on the following dates: 2022 as of 

December 31, 2021; 2021 as of March 31, 2021; 2020 as of August 31, 2020; 

2019 as of March 31, 2019 . Additional information pertaining to workforce 

representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports .

31Percentages may not add to 100% due to rounding .

32 Total employees includes all active full-time employees, excluding casual 

employees and interns .

33Includes Engineering, Product, and Uber Freight teams .

34 All the orgs except for Engineering, Product, and Freight 

(from Supervisory org 1) .

35 Uber categorizes US employees as URP if they self-identify into the 

following demographic categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or 
Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific 
Islander, Two or More Races .

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Tech33

Non-tech34

13.8%

15.3%

18.0%

16.8%

n
e
m
o
W

n
e
M

’19

’20

’21

’22

’19

’20

’21

’22

e
t
i
h
W

’19

’20

’21

’22

86.2%

84.7%

82.0%

83.2%

50.8%

54.5%

38.9%

41.4%

5
3

P
R
U

1.6%

3.6%

2.1%

2.3%

n
e
m
o
W

n
e
M

’19

’20

’21

’22

’19

’20

’21

’22

e
t
i
h
W

’19

’20

’21

’22

34.8%

39.4%

38.3%

42.5%

65.2%

60.6%

61.7%

57.5%

o
n
i
t
a
L
r
o
c
n
a
p
s
H

i

i

2.7%

3.8%

5.2%

4.6%

i

n
a
s
A

32.1%

29.9%

32.4%

30.2%

n
a
c
i
r
f
A

r
o
k
c
a
B

l

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

’19

’20

’21

’22

0.8%

1.8%

0%

0%

o
n
i
t
a
L
r
o
c
n
a
p
s
H

i

i

0.8%

1.8%

0%

0%

i

n
a
s
A

47.5%

42.0%

58.9%

56.3%

n
a
c
i
r
f
A

r
o
k
c
a
B

l

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

’19

’20

’21

’22

5.0%
5.3%

5.2%

4.6%

o
n
i
t
a
L
r
o
c
n
a
p
s
H

i

i

3.9%

4.9%

7.3%

6.1%

s
e
c
a
R
e
r
o
M

r
o
o
w
T

’19

’20

’21

’22

1.7%

0.6%

%2.3

2.6%

r
o
n
a
d
n

i

I

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

e
v

i
t
a
N
a
k
s
a
A

l

0%

0%

0%

0.3%

r
o
n
a

i
i

a
w
a
H
e
v
i
t
a
N

r
e
d
n
a
s

l

I

c
i
f
i
c
a
P
r
e
h
t

O

0.3%

0%

0%

0%

s
e
c
a
R
e
r
o
M

r
o
o
w
T

’19

’20

’21

’22

0%

0%

2.1%

2.3%

r
o
n
a
d
n

i

I

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

e
v

i
t
a
N
a
k
s
a
A

l

0%

0%

0%

0%

r
o
n
a

i
i

a
w
a
H
e
v
i
t
a
N

r
e
d
n
a
s

l

I

c
i
f
i
c
a
P
r
e
h
t

O

0%

0%

0%

0%

s
e
c
a
R
e
r
o
M

r
o
o
w
T

’19

’20

’21

’22

2.8%

1.0%

2.4%

2.7%

r
o
n
a
d
n

i

I

n
a
c
i
r
e
m
A

e
v

i
t
a
N
a
k
s
a
A

l

0%

0%
0%

0.4%

65.7%

65.5%

62.9%

64.8%

5
3

P
R
U

12.3%

11.2%

14.9%

13.8%

i

n
a
s
A

r
e
d
n
a
s

l

I

c
i
f
i
c
a
P
r
e
h
t

O

0.6%
0%

0%
0%

22.1%

23.3%

22.2%

21.5%

36

2022 ESG Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

DEI goals: 
leadership commitments 

We are diligent about tracking our demographic 
data and holding ourselves accountable for 
improving representation of women globally and 
underrepresented people (URP) in the US year 
over year .36 That said, incremental gains are not 
always linear, but in conjunction with our Board of 
Directors we continue to monitor the indicators and 
associated progress . We have implemented different 
programming as noted in this report and expect over 
the long term to enhance our representation . 

To support our commitments, in 2021 we launched 
a target-setting pilot to identify representation 
targets for Senior Directors and above with teams 
of 100 people or more . To address historical 
disparities at the company, these targets focus on 
increasing the representation of women globally 
and URP in the US, in total and at more senior 
levels . Goals were initially established based on 
Uber’s 2020 data and the relevant labor pool . A 
dashboard allows leaders to monitor algorithmic 
projections and variables, including hiring, attrition, 
and promotion, to determine DEI priorities and 
strategies aligned with their goals . 

Relatedly, Uber launched a formal DEI strategic 
planning process to create a more consistent 
approach for keeping leadership accountable and 
aligning relevant teams . Each leader now has a 
specific DEI strategic plan that includes factors 
like how to build an inclusive working environment 
and hire and retain women and URP . These plans 
work in concert with these targets, giving leaders 
a more comprehensive approach to advancing 
DEI . They share their progress and setbacks in 
group meetings 2 times per year where they can 
learn from one another . Progress against these 
targets and DEI plans are reviewed quarterly by 
the CEO and his senior leadership team . Plus, 
in 2021 the Board of Directors Compensation 
Committee amended its charter to explicitly 
oversee employee engagement and employee 
diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts . While 
business leaders and managers own their own DEI 
strategic plans, there is overarching accountability 
across the organization, signaling a company-wide 
commitment to these issues .

What we’ve achieved 

The inaugural year showed improvement in every 
category, with an increase of 1-4 percentage points 
in representation for women overall, women at 
Manager level and above, URP overall, and URP at 
Senior Analyst level and above, in comparison with 
year-end 2020 .37 In order to keep our leadership 
teams committed to meeting our goals, we tied 
the compensation for our most senior executives 
to company-wide diversity goals . The DEI key 
performance indicators we established consisted 
of growing the percentage of women at Uber’s 
Manager level and above to 35% and growing the 
percentage of US URP at the Senior Analyst level 
and above to 14% by the end of 2022 .

Progress toward DEI goals
Year-end actuals*

Women overall (global)

’20

’21

40.1%

42.5%

Women at Manager level and above (global)

’20

’21

27.1%

30.4%

URP overall (US)

’20

’21

19.4%

23.6%

URP at Senior Analyst level and above (US)

’20

’21

11.5%

12.8%

36 Uber categorizes US employees as URP if they self-identify into the 

37 Differences in results for women and URP trends reported in the “Workforce 

following demographic categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or 
Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific 
Islander, Two or More Races .

diversity” and “DEI goals” sections are due to operational target data 
reflecting a full calendar year versus workforce diversity data reflecting 
March 31, 2021, to December 31, 2021, and operational targets taking into 
consideration a broader level of leadership beyond Directors and above .

* Data is reflective of populations at year-end 2020 and 
2021, respectively, inclusive of annual promotions.

37

2022 ESG ReportGlobal 
Self-ID survey

Annually, Uber administers a Global Self-ID survey to help 
us get up-to-date data on our workforce . This is a leading 
practice that helps employees continue to reflect their 
multiple identities, from education level and caregiver 
status to race/ethnicity and military/veteran status (where 
applicable) . Each year, we refresh the questions and response 
options to reflect a changing world, and we endeavor to 
create an inclusive environment where employees feel safe 
to update or change their status . The more data we have, the 
more we work to enhance policies and programs to meet the 
unique needs of various groups . 

You can see more detailed data 
in our People and Culture Report.

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

38

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Attracting a 
diverse workforce

Building inclusive talent pipelines

In June 2021, Uber launched our version of the Mansfield Rule, 
a holistic recruiting strategy that measures whether we have 
affirmatively interviewed women, people with disabilities, military 
veterans, and underrepresented racial/ethnic groups, with a 
commitment to interviewing a candidate pool that matches or 
exceeds market supply for diversity . We kicked off our Mansfield Rule 
efforts by working to understand what the available talent market 
looked like for each of the countries, functions, and levels for which 
we hire, and we used this information to set appropriate aspirational 
ranges . (An aspirational range is the percentage of candidates we 
want to interview who belong to an underrepresented population .) 

When we started measuring our progress in early 2021, we only met 
our aspirational goals for 25% of our open positions . However, as 
we continue to bring better visibility, insights, and training to our 
Talent Acquisition teams and hold business leaders accountable for 
meeting their Mansfield goals, we have seen consistent progress, 
quarter over quarter, and are now meeting our Mansfield Rule goals 
83% of the time .

Learn more about our 
Mansfield Rule in our white paper.

39

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Growth: being the best  
place to grow your career

Employee development

Our “Drive your growth” philosophy
At Uber, our growth philosophy puts our employees in the driver’s seat of their growth and career development journey . This “Drive 
your growth” philosophy is Uber’s unique approach to development—and exemplifies what it means to help individuals and teams 
live our “Go get it” value . We provide and empower employees with resources that help them drive their own growth in multiple ways 
and across several paths at Uber and beyond . 

Uber’s growth philosophy encourages employees to:

01

02

03

Get in the driver’s seat

Learn by doing

Think climbing walls, not ladders

Explore learning opportunities relevant to 
them and choose where to focus, when to 
learn, and how to grow their skills .

Grow through on-the-job experience, 
stretch assignments, and gigs—and learn 
in the flow of work .

Growth doesn’t always equal promotion; it 
also happens through new opportunities, 
new paths, and doing different things .

04

05

06

Learn from others

Maximize their strengths

Give and receive feedback

Employees aren’t alone on their learning 
journeys, and we encourage them to 
leverage their teams and the broader Uber 
network to help guide them . We’ve created 
strong mentoring and coaching programs 
for employees to use to their advantage .

Focus on leveraging strengths to create 
better opportunities .

Timely feedback is the key to achieving 
their goals—and helping others achieve 
theirs .

Performance 
and feedback

Continuous feedback and Impact Check-Ins 
Performance at Uber is designed to be employee-centric and flexible for 
individual needs . We believe feedback is key to driving growth at Uber and that 
understanding where you are is critical to knowing where you are going . To 
support this vision, in 2021, we shifted from biannual performance feedback 
conversations to encouraging regular Impact Check-Ins supported by ongoing 
timely feedback . This shift enables us to capture feedback inputs throughout the 
year, allowing us to better support the needs of a constantly changing workforce . 
The goal is to help employees understand their impact in real time so they know 
where they stand and can adapt as needed . It also helps managers minimize 
recency bias so they can continue to make fair and equitable promotion and 
compensation decisions .

Leadership accountability
We continue to evolve our approach to performance management to ensure that 
our outcomes are equitable, fair, and transparent . We provide senior-level leaders 
with visibility into aggregated demographic data and pair it with performance, 
promotion, and reward inputs, helping to drive greater accountability for 
objective decision-making and equitable outcomes . We also continue to improve 
alignment on performance and development by using feedback and check-ins 
to help employees drive their growth and amplify their impact . After surveying a 
representative sample of employees, we heard that 80% of employees found the 
program useful and 82% were satisfied overall . 

40

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Internal mobility

Uber is a school of experience, and we’re 
committed to developing and growing our 
employees . Our Talent Mobility team helps achieve 
this through our programs designed to provide new 
perspectives, new skills, and new experiences . We 
want to create the ultimate career development 
experience through partnership, development, and 
innovation . We aren’t just hiring for the roles that 
exist at Uber today—we’re also looking for talent 
who can learn and grow with us as we anticipate 
the needs of tomorrow and shape the future of our 
company .

Internal transfers (permanent moves) is our biggest 
program . We’ve democratized the process and 
enable employees to search and subscribe to roles/
managers/locations for new jobs when they’re 
posted . We enable transfers from L1 (entry level) 
through L8 (executive/Senior Director) and provide 
relocation support . We have room to grow and 
improve this program, but we’re especially proud 
of our consistency in filling open requisitions with 
internals—in the 30% range over the last 3 years . 

Expanding mobility programs

Talent Marketplace  

Community Specialist Team in Motion

Last year, we launched an internal Talent 
Marketplace that connects employees directly to 
hiring managers for short-term, gig opportunities . 
We define gigs as high-impact projects, 5%-15% 
of an employee’s time, up to 3 months in duration . 
By making it easy for employees to find and take 
on short-term, experiential project assignments, 
we believe we’ll increase opportunities for 
employees to explore career options and grow 
their skills, improving employee perception of 
growth opportunities and improving retention . In 
addition, managers gain access to a larger, more 
diverse talent pool and leverage unique skills 
not traditionally seen by or accessible to their 
teams . Participating in gigs gives employees the 
opportunity to learn by doing, to develop skills 
while working on projects they wouldn’t normally 
be exposed to, and to build a network across the 
company (many gigs are cross-team and cross-
border) . It’s one of many ways to pursue career 
development at Uber with a low barrier to entry .

We’re creating pathways for Uber customer support 
staff, many of whom identify as underrepresented 
people, to advance their careers within Uber . The 
Community Specialist Team (CST) in Motion 
program focuses on bringing our frontline 
customer support agents, known as Community 
Specialists, into corporate roles . Community 
Specialists interact daily with people who use our 
platform, so they get to know the business from 
within, making them excellent potential talent 
for many other roles at Uber . We run interview 
preparation sessions, organize career fairs, and 
set up short-term assignment opportunities so 
that Community Specialists have the support they 
need to make a career transition at Uber . We have 
an annual commitment that 10% of our non-tech 
openings should be filled with customer support 
employees . In 2021, our first full year after making 
this commitment, we reached 9 .5% globally .

30%

of  open  roles  were  filled 
by  internal  transfers  over 
the last 3 years.

41

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Well-being
Providing best-in-class flexibility  
and diverse benefits for all employees

Our work philosophy 
The world of work has changed significantly in the last 2 years, 
and in response we’ve evolved our work philosophy to reflect 
all that we’ve learned and what we believe will produce the best 
results for our employees and our business going forward . Our 
work philosophy is centered around employee choice . We trust 
employees and managers to do the right thing, and we give them 
the freedom to choose to work where they are most productive, in 
alignment with the demands of their job and the practices of their 
individual team .

As we transition to this new way of working together, we’ll monitor 
work applications and approval ratings to ensure fairness by 
gender, race/ethnicity, and location .

To bring this to life, we now have 3 work modes 
for all our employees:

01

Fully remote 
Does not visit the office except for occasional summits, 
client meetings, etc. 

02

Hybrid 
Works in the office at least half of their work time 

03

100% in-office 
Specific roles that are required to be physically present in 
the office 

Global employee benefits
The best teams are built with diverse ideas, identities, ethnicities, 
experiences, and education . As our value of “Great minds don’t think 
alike” expresses, when we reflect the incredible diversity of the people 
who connect on our platform, we make better decisions that benefit 
the world . This is why our benefits programs are built with diversity as 
a guiding principle .

We know that everyone has different needs at different times in life, 
and our programs support our employees wherever they are and 
whatever they need . Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide 
a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s 
culture . Our benefits offering provides market-specific choice, gives 
access to robust mental health and family-building programs, and 
encourages overall employee well-being, all with the employee 
experience at the core .

42

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Creating a safe and healthy 
work environment

Employee relations

Employee health and safety 

Our Employee Relations team supports our 
most valuable resource: Uber’s people . With a 
global team of ER partners, we enable a safe and 
productive work environment so everyone can 
live Uber’s core values . We do this by resolving 
workplace challenges and improving the 
employment practices that affect our people . 

Uber takes all employee concerns seriously . We’ve 
established a comprehensive investigations 
program to address potential violations of Uber’s 
employment policies . Employees have a variety 
of reporting channels available 24 hours a day, 7 
days a week, with the option to be anonymous . The 
ER team promptly reviews all concerns and takes 
appropriate steps to address them .

Uber aims to have a safe, healthy, sustainable 
work environment for all employees, contractors, 
and guests that will empower them to do their 
best work while reimagining the way the world 
moves for the better . “Stand for safety” is a core 
company value that extends beyond our platform 
and to our employees . Uber commits to always 
upkeep our health and safety standards to help 
prevent injuries and illnesses at the workplace or 
while performing work-related activities . Through 
our relentless pursuit of sustainability, we strive 
for the rational use of natural resources, avoiding 
harm to the environment and, as is practicably 
reasonable, reducing the environmental impact of 
our operations . As a standard, our management 
systems adhere to all legal requirements at federal, 
state, and local levels as well as to any international 
or internal Uber requirements .

43
43

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Compensation: 
ensuring equitable 
pay for performance

Pay equity progress

In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and 
made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes 
across race and gender demographics . For the last 2 years (2020 
and 2021), women at Uber globally earned $1 .00 for every $1 .00 
(total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions . In 
that same time period in the US, in aggregate, employees from 
underrepresented racial backgrounds earned $1 .00 for every $1 .00 
(total cash) earned by non-underrepresented peers at the same 
job level . We will continue to focus on maintaining this important 
measure of pay equity going forward .

$1.00

$1.00

Women (global)

Men (global)

$1.00

$1.00

Underrepresented racial 
groups (US)

Non-underrepresented 
racial groups (US)

Read more about how our executives 
are held accountable for pay equity 
in our 2022 Proxy Statement.

44
44

2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Climate

Environmental 
sustainability 
and climate 
change

2022 ESG Report 

45

The cleanest platform on Earth

As part of our commitment to transparency and 
our aim to reach for the highest standards on 
climate-emissions accounting, planning, and 
disclosure, we conducted an analysis aligned to the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) . A breakdown 
of this analysis can be found later in this section 
and is referenced throughout . In addition, we have 
joined the Science-Based Targets initiative and the 
Climate Pledge, committing to net-zero emissions 
by 2040 . In 2021, we published an Environmental 
Policy, which covers our oversight around core 
areas such as emissions, energy, water, materials, 
chemicals and waste, products, suppliers and 
contractors, engagements, and mergers and 
acquisitions . 

That’s our goal . Because it’s the right thing to 
do—for our business and for all those who rely 
on our platform . We believe that getting there 
benefits our investors, our employees, our users, 
the cities we serve, and the planet as a whole .  

We started this journey in 2020 with a set of core 
commitments . We’re aiming to be net zero by 
2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions . As 
part of getting there we have set an ambitious 
goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger 
mobility platform to be completed in zero-emission 
vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public 
transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and 
by 2040 in every market we operate in globally . 

To reach our 100% zero-emission mobility 
goals, we’re taking 3 actions:
01  
Drivers: helping drivers get into zero-emission 
vehicles as fast as possible
02  
Consumers: empowering consumers to choose 
greener and car-free products
03  
Transparency: being transparent about our  impact 
each year and being accountable for improvement

Introduction

People

Uber’s public commitments

In September 2020, we made a set of ambitious commitments that put us 
out in front of our competition

2025

2030

2040

100% of rides in London and 
Amsterdam are zero-emission

50% of all km in 7 European 
capitals* are zero-emission

$800M generated to help 
hundreds of thousands of 
drivers access EVs

100% renewable energy in 
US offices

100% of rides in US, 
Canada, and Europe are 
zero-emission

100% of rides globally are 
in zero-emission vehicles, 
on micromobility, and/or on 
public transit

Net-zero climate 
emissions from all 
corporate operations 
(e .g ., offices and data 
centers)

Net-zero climate 
emissions across all lines 
of business (mobility, 
delivery, and freight) and 
operations

*Amsterdam, Berlin, Brussels, Lisbon, London, Madrid, Paris

Key findings 1

Q2 2022

13.3M

ZEV trips completed 
on the Uber platform 
in Q2, 2022²   

26,000

Monthly average 
active ZEV drivers on 
the Uber platform2,3

6.2% 

of on trip miles in 
ZEVs across Europe⁴ 
3.0 percentage points increase 

vs. Q2 2021

2.6% 

of on trip miles in 
ZEVs across the US 
and Canada⁵

2.2 percentage points increase 

vs. Q2 2021

1 Data was derived from analysis of internal Uber administrative data and external data from DataOne and DAT Group .
2 Data is computed over the entire quarter for mobility, across Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States .
3 This metric refers to the number of drivers completing at least one trip using our app in a given month, averaged over all the months in the reporting period .
4 Data is computed over the entire quarter for mobility, across Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and the United Kingdom .
5 Data is computed over the entire quarter for mobility, across Canada and the United States .

46

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Drivers

Research shows that ZEV drivers using our app 
deliver outsized community benefits, because 
when rideshare drivers switch to ZEVs, they can 
deliver 3 to 4 times greater emissions savings than 
average car owners . However, most drivers still 
face significant financial barriers to going electric . 
Our SPARK! Report, released in 2020, details the 
total cost of ownership (TCO) challenges most 
drivers in Europe face that can prevent a rapid 
transition to ZEVs .

To begin chipping away at these barriers, Uber is 
the first and only global mobility tech company 
to commit $800 million in total resources to help 
hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to 
EVs . To date, we have provided $245 million through 
a combination of direct incentives, savings from 
partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, 
designed to support vehicle acquisition . To help 
reduce the higher TCO and accelerate an equitable 
transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through 
a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: education, 
incentives, savings, and advocacy . Our December 
2021 update and concurrently released Climate 
Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an 
in-depth review of the initial actions we’re taking, 
investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

Climate is a team sport . As a tech platform with 
minimal direct asset ownership, we’re counting 
on governments and other industry players to 
take actions that dovetail with our own to support 
drivers’ fair transition to ZEVs . More ambitious 
GHG abatement and ZEV policies established 
by governments and new ZEV technologies 
introduced by industry, especially when combined 
with our mobility marketplace interventions, can 
make a large impact on reducing transportation-
sector emissions . 

4 pillars to accelerate 
equitable transition

01 

Education

02

Incentives

03

Savings

04

Advocacy

47

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportOur TCFD analysis of driver economics in London, 
alongside a number of external studies, shows 
that economics can be favorable for ZEVs in a 
number of future scenarios where government 
policy and industry progress combine to create 
wins for drivers . Today, ZEVs remain out of reach 
for drivers who lack off-street parking or at-/near-
home charging options (which is the vast majority 
of London drivers who use our app, according 
to surveys) . Hybrid internal combustion engine 
(ICE) cars, especially used hybrids, make the 
most economic sense for the majority of drivers 
today . Future scenarios show that EV drivers who 
rely more on rapid charging can realize cost-
competitive economics sometime between 2025 
and 2030 . All scenarios show that London’s world-
class Congestion Charge policy, which currently 
exempts EVs, goes a long way to helping more 
drivers realize the lowest costs in ZEVs compared 
to traditional ICE cars and hybrids .

Our Clean Air Plan focuses on helping drivers 
overcome higher acquisition costs so they can 
make the switch to electric sooner and realize 
higher net earnings than were possible in an ICE 
vehicle . As of Q1 2022, 11 .9% of the miles driven on 
our platform in London are completed in ZEVs, up 
from 5 .5% in Q1 2021 . 

Furthermore, in the long term, electricity prices 
and availability of EV infrastructure play a large 
role in EV adoption . This is why we’re working with 
industry partners and governments to improve 
both the coverage of and access to reliable, 
affordable charging . As part of this effort, we’re 
spending £5 million to build 700 fast chargers 
in 3 London boroughs that are home to many 
drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall 
charging network by 7% .

Our TCFD analysis shows that 
aggressive decarbonization 
across society can open 
opportunities such as a lower 
total cost of ownership for 
drivers and an increased 
corporate customer preference 
for zero-emission transport 
options. 

Introduction

People

TCO for mobility vehicles in London under Forecast Policy Scenario38

Capex

Fuel

Opportunity cost

Electricity sensitivity

Maintenance

Electric premium 
for rapid charging

Congestion charge

BEV39- 
rapid

BEV39- 
home

Hybrid 
ICE

ICE

BEV39- 
rapid

BEV39- 
home

Hybrid 
ICE

ICE

BEV39- 
rapid

BEV39- 
home

Hybrid 
ICE

ICE

2020

2025

2030

38 A fully integrated climate scenario modeling the impact of announced climate policies on the real economy up to 2050, 
tracing detailed effects on all emitting sectors . It results in warming of 1 .8 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 .

39Battery electric-vehicles .

We’re working with industry leaders across the globe to find easy and affordable 
ways to help drivers go electric

Electric vehicles

Charging infrastructure

48

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportConsumers

Uber is empowering consumers to choose green and car-free 
products . We offer more green and car-free ride options than any 
other global mobility platform, providing no- and low-emission rides 
today in 100+ metropolitan markets . 

Uber Green, our EV and hybrid rides option, is the most widely 
available on-demand mobility solution in the world for no- or low-
emission rides . It’s currently offered across 3 continents, 18 countries, 
and 120+ cities . So far in 2022, we’ve launched Uber Green in Spain, 
Jordan, and Poland, and we’ve expanded the availability of this ride 
option in many of our biggest markets such as London . We’ve also 
committed to ensuring that Uber Green is available at the same price 
as our core Uber ride options everywhere our platform is available .  

Finally, we’ve launched a new EV-only option for riders called Uber 
Comfort Electric . This option allows riders to request a trip in a 
premium EV such as a Tesla or Polestar . As of June 2022, Uber Comfort 
Electric is available in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, and 
Dubai, and we plan to expand to other cities over the course of 2022 .  

Introduction

People

Cities taking the lead

In Europe specifically, we have some 
standout cities. In London, we have doubled 
the number of fully electric vehicles since 
the launch of Uber Green in March 2021, 
with 90% of all new drivers who join our 
platform doing so with a fully electric 
car. In Paris, where we have focused on 
progressively removing diesel vehicles, 
45% of all kilometers on the platform are 
covered in EVs or petrol hybrids, up from 
15% just 2 years ago. In Lisbon, fully electric 
kilometers make up over 12% of kilometers 
traveled on the platform. 

Uber Green availability

3

Continents

18

Countries

120+

Cities

Electrifying cars is not the only way to enable a sustainable mobility 
future, and that’s why we’re also expanding options for our users to 
go car-free via micromobility and connecting to public transport . 
Micromobility—including bikes and scooters—is particularly well 
suited for short trips within dense environments . Through our 
partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded the availability of bikes and 
scooters to more than 170 cities in 11 countries . 

We offer transit agencies many ways to complement their public 
transit routes, including first- and last-mile solutions and paratransit 
options . We’ve increased our transit partnerships by 88% since 2020, 
and are now working with 40+ major agencies . We expanded our 
Journey Planning to 43 cities globally, including Barcelona, Brussels, 
and London . Transit is now available in 6 European cities (Barcelona, 
Brussels, Lisbon, London, Paris, and Rome) with in-app ticketing in 
London (Uber Boat by Thames Clippers) . For more on all the ways 
you can leave your car at home and use Uber, whether that means 
accessing a bus, a bike, or even a taxi, please visit the “Impact” section 
of this report .

49

49

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportTransparency

Uber aims to lead our industry on transparent reporting and other 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) corporate best 
practices . As part of working toward this goal, we’re now reporting 
emissions across Scopes 1, 2, and 3—covering all lines of business—
globally . Per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, emissions represented are 
categorized in 3 core areas:

Scope 1: Natural gas from heating Uber’s offices

Scope 2: Electricity used to run Uber’s offices and data centers

Scope 3: Tank-to-wheel CO2 emissions from vehicle distance traveled 
on the platform, required to provide mobility, ride, and freight trip 
services

Tank-to-wheel emissions in Scope 3 are assigned to Category 11: Use of 
sold products . These emissions form the majority of our total footprint . 
The bulk of these emissions are coming from Uber’s mobility business . 
This aligns with our hypothesis around emissions categorization, and 
it’s why it is critical that we focus on reducing the emissions intensity 
of trips happening on the platform . In fact, and according to our TCFD 
analysis, both Uber’s biggest climate-related risk and its greatest 
opportunity center on our ability to meet our electrification goals . 

Introduction

People

Uber’s 2021 global GHG footprint by scope40
Thousands tCO₂e

Natural gas

Data center electricity

Office electricity

Cat. 6 - Business travel

Cat. 11 - Use of sold products40 

0%

1%

99%

13,074

1.5

13,073

87.2

0.7

73.0

14.2

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

40 For a further dive into Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, please view the performance data 

section of this report on page 79 .

Source: Uber Sustainability, DEFRA emissions factors for advanced users 2021 .

In 2021, we released our second Climate Assessment and Performance 
Report . The headline finds were that, across 1 .4 billion trips taken on the 
Uber platform:

•  The use of zero-emission vehicles (ZEVs) on Uber more than doubled

in the first year after making our commitment in Fall 2020

•  Drivers are shifting to ZEVs fastest in Europe, at over 4 .5x the rate of

the general public

•  The carbon intensity of trips on Uber in the US and Canada is 34%
lower than the carbon intensity of traditional taxis that do not use
e-hail technology

Since we released this second report, we have continued to make rapid 
progress . In Q2 2022, 13 .3 million ZEV trips were completed on the Uber 
platform . Furthermore, as of Q2 2022, we had 26,000 monthly average 
active ZEV drivers on the Uber platform . This figure represents a 3 .0 
percentage point increase of on trip miles completed in ZEVs across 
our 7 focus European countries, and a 2 .2 percentage point increase in 
the US and Canada vs . Q2 2021 .*

* Data was derived from analysis of internal Uber administrative data and external data from DataOne

and DAT Group . Data is computed over the entire quarter for mobility, across Belgium, Canada, France,

Germany, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States . “Monthly average active

ZEV drivers on the Uber platform” refers to the number of drivers completing at least one trip using our

app in a given month, averaged over all the months in the reporting period .

50

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportDelivery

We’re taking a lot of what we have learned from our mobility business 
and applying it to our delivery business while recognizing that the 
delivery of food, groceries, and other products presents its own 
challenges . 

Uber’s sustainability focus across delivery is represented by 3 
key areas:
01 
Couriers: Helping couriers transition to lower-emission vehicles
02 
Merchants: Supporting the transition to more sustainable packaging
03 
Uber Eats users: Providing a platform that champions green choices

Couriers
Thanks to our experience on the mobility side of the business, we have 
a headstart on vehicle-emissions reduction and recognize that there 
are further opportunities for Uber’s delivery platform . We will support 
couriers in transitioning to greener vehicles, whether they’re switching 
within their current mode (moving from motorbikes to electric 
scooters, for example) or switching from cars to 2-wheel vehicles 
(mode-switching) . Mode-switching is a key lever for Uber to reach our 
emissions-intensity reduction goals, as 2-wheel vehicles can be up 
to 40% less carbon intensive than 4-wheel vehicles .41 We also achieve 
greater efficiency through product features such as order batching, 
which reduces total journey time .

In order to demonstrate economic benefits for couriers transitioning 
to 2-wheel vehicles, we are partnering with cities and policymakers to 
remove infrastructure, policy, and cultural barriers to adoption .

41source: https://afdc .energy .gov/data/10310

Introduction

People

We have a number of local partnerships in place to help reduce 
the cost and encourage the adoption of e-mopeds and bikes . This 
includes Zoomo in the US and UK, Gogoro in Taiwan, and Adie and 
Decathlon in France . These partnerships are aimed at providing 
discounts on the purchase or rental of e-bikes, helping couriers 
access government subsidies for electric vehicles, and assisting with 
financing e-bike purchases . 

Merchants
We aim to help our merchant partners reduce packaging waste 
associated with delivery .

In 2019, we were one of the first companies to offer a 
global default opt-out for utensils and cutlery within 
the app. This initiative has enabled the Uber Eats 
business to support merchant partners in substantially 
reducing utensils waste. 

In many of the countries we operate in, we offer access to sustainable 
packaging options . In the United Kingdom, we partnered with 
Enviropack to support restaurants and stores in delivering in a 
sustainable way . We’re trialing reusable packaging in other countries, 
including Chile, Germany, and Switzerland, and aim to broaden our 
approach as the program expands . 

Uber Eats users
We aim to be a platform that champions green choices by giving 
users the option to choose more sustainable options . For example, in 
France, we created an in-app "Sustainable Packaging" search category, 
added a label on sustainable restaurants’ menus, and ran marketing 
campaigns to surface these restaurants and provide a discount for 
ordering from them . We’re also expanding partnerships that allow 
customers to opt for reusable packaging with their order, resulting 
in fewer single-use items . And to reduce delivery emissions, we offer 
Uber Eats users the option to pick up their food directly from the 
merchant by walking or biking .

51

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

We help communities and the planet thrive by simplifying the movement 
of goods while accelerating to a zero-emission platform.

Considering the dynamics of the freight 
industry and technology constraints at 
this stage, we closely monitor policies and 
signposts for technology adoption while we 
develop our long-term freight strategy .

California’s Advanced Clean Truck Rule requires 
40-75% of new heavy-duty vehicle (HDV) sales 
to be zero-emission by 2035, with 6 other states 
making the same commitment

Colorado’s tax credit gives up to $10K for purchase 
of BEV HDVs

15 states signed an MOU in July 2020 agreeing to 
target 30% zero-emission medium-duty vehicle 
(MDV) and HDV sales by 2030 and 100% by 2050

Nationally, President Biden’s executive order 
(January 2021) targets all federal fleet vehicles 
(including over 78,000 HDVs) to be zero-emission

Freight

We simplify the movement of goods to help 
communities thrive . However, the environmental 
impact of freight is undeniable . We estimate 
that our freight business is 10x more emissions-
intensive than our mobility or delivery businesses . 
Trucking is the most energy-intensive mode of 
ground transportation, accounting for ~9% of CO2 
emissions in the United States alone .* Heavy-duty 
trucks primarily use diesel engines and move very 
heavy loads . Moreover, carriers typically accrue a lot 
of deadhead miles . Research shows that for about  15-
30% of the miles carriers drive, their trucks are empty .

This is why it's important for us to help communities 
and the planet thrive by becoming a zero-emission 
platform . Our TCFD analysis of freight in the US 
found that levers such as occupancy and load 
improvement, as well as deadhead and idling 
reduction can decrease emissions by increasing 
efficiency . These can be implemented along with 
fuel train switch and modal shifts (e .g ., from road to 
rail) to reduce transition risk from carbon pricing in 
the short term . In fact, our own analyses have shown 
that Uber Freight load bundles reduce deadhead by 
almost 23% .

In 2021, Uber completed the acquisition of Tupelo 
Parent, Inc (Transplace) . Transplace already offers 
less emission-intensive options such as Optipro, 
which focuses on coloading, and Lanehub, which 
focuses on reducing deadhead miles through their 
logistics engineering and network services solutions . 

*https://www .epa .gov/system/files/documents/2022-04/us-ghg-inventory-2022-main-text .pdf

52

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

planning process . As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces 
are matched with 100% renewable electricity .  We accomplished this 
with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in Texas, which Uber 
helped finance through a 12-year virtual power purchase agreement .

LEED and WELL certified buildings  
At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building 
standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, 
resulting in spaces that support the health of both people and planet . 
These efforts highlight improved air and water quality,  acoustic and 
thermal comfort, energy efficiency, daylighting and dynamic lighting, 
sustainable building materials, waste reduction, and physical and 
mental wellness support . 

Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL 
certifications across numerous locations. 

•  Uber Mission Bay 1+2: LEED Gold 
BD+C, WELL Gold, WELL Health 
Safety Rating 

•  Uber Mission Bay 3+4: LEED Gold 
v4 ID+C, WELL Platinum, WELL 
Health Safety Rating

•  Sunnyvale: LEED Gold v4 ID+C, 
WELL Platinum, WELL Health 
Safety Rating

•  Chicago: LEED v4 ID+C Gold

•  Bangalore: WELL Health Safety 
Rating

•  Manila: WELL Health Safety Rating

•  Tokyo: WELL Health Safety Rating

Corporate

Engaging employees around sustainability 
Based on our employee experience survey, over 50% of employees 
are aware and supportive of Uber’s environmental sustainability 
commitments . Alongside our consumer-facing initiatives, we also 
hosted a series of climate-themed events in a dedicated week-long 
engagement centered on Earth Day . This spanned our entire global 
employee base and featured guest speakers, leadership panels, and 
line-of-business-specific presentations . During the course of the week, 
we engaged several hundred employees from across the globe . We 
also hosted a 5-week global hackathon focused on climate innovation, 
called “Go Get Green,” which attracted over 80 team submissions and 
involved over 300 participants from across the company .  

Sustainability in our workplaces 
Uber is committed to sustainability within our global workplaces . 
With nearly 5 .8 million square feet of office space housing 21,000+ 
employees globally, Uber prioritizes sustainable, healthy, and inclusive 
workplaces for our employees and the communities we serve . 

Emissions and renewable energy 
Uber is investing in a carbon-free future and carbon neutrality for our 
global workplaces and has committed to net-zero emissions from 
corporate operations by 2030 . We are actively reducing emissions 
from Uber offices and data center operations as we make progress 
on this 2030 goal .

Uber committed to offsetting 100% of energy use in our US offices 
with renewable energy by 2025 and expanding to match the energy 
use in our global corporate operations with renewable energy 
by 2030 . Currently, close to 50%* of our data-center electricity 
consumption is matched with renewable energy, and going further, 
environmental considerations are included in our data center 
*Includes physical data centers, excludes cloud providers .

53

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Suppliers

We recognize the importance of our supply chain, and in holding 
those accountable to the standard needed for the world to see true 
sustainable partnerships . Our Supplier Code of Conduct provides our 
suppliers with guidance around operating ethically . This includes: 

In 2022, Uber is seeking to launch a supply-chain sustainability 
program to measure the sustainability performance of our key 
technology suppliers . We aim to expand this program across our 
non-technology suppliers in 2023 .

01
Worker health and safety 

02
Environmental permit approvals and registrations 

03
Materials, regulatory and safety standards and internal quality 
standards and policies 

04
Protecting the environment within their operations 

05
Following international, federal, state, and local environmental laws

Uber for Business: supporting our clients’ sustainability

Corporate clients are increasingly expressing interest in various ESG-
related issues . Globally, 60% of our strategic partners have 
subscribed to the Science Based Targets initiative . At Uber, our 
enterprise clients ask us to disclose our ESG performance through 
CDP, EcoVadis, and other rating platforms .  

Uber is proud to serve as a sustainability partner for our clients 
worldwide . We’re building a dashboard that will let our clients track 
the CO2 emissions from Uber trips that their employees take . Among 
the other ways we’re helping our Uber for Business clients lower their 
footprint, we highlight our Uber Green ride option as a cleaner 
business travel alternative in our business mobility programs . Related 
to meal programs, Uber for Business offers teams the ability to create 
group orders on Uber Eats, which cuts down on travel and improves 
delivery efficiency .

All our initiatives help support our clients’ environmental journeys 
and play an important role in engaging their employees by 
reaffirming their corporate commitment to a more sustainable 
future .

Thibaud Simphal 
Uber’s Global Head of Sustainability 

“

When you sign a contract with Uber, 
you’re aligning your organization with 
a company that is working around 
the clock to partner with cities, tackle 
climate change, and lead the industry 
to zero emissions.

54

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportGovernance  
of climate change

Good governance is key to achieving our climate change goals . 
The governance section of this ESG report highlights how our 
Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and senior 
management have overseen and managed our climate change 
strategy and risk management . See our 2022 Proxy Statement and 
page 64 of this ESG report for additional detail on the governance 
of sustainability matters .

Introduction

People

Board of Directors
Oversight of strategy

The Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) oversees 
environmental sustainability, including climate change strategies . The NGC 
periodically receives updates on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, 
and national levels concerning climate- and emissions-related developments 
and receives reports on Uber’s climate-change commitments and reporting .

Executive leadership
Approval of and accountability 
for strategy and execution

Uber’s SVP of Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of 
Marketing and Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change– 
related issues and policies within the company . Our Chief Legal Officer 
oversees the company’s ESG strategy and engagement efforts, in 
addition to reporting that is responsive to the recommendations of 
SASB and the TCFD . In 2022, our CEO’s compensation is tied to the 
achievement of climate-related objectives .

Global Sustainability team
Coordination and delivery of  
global sustainability program

ESG Working Group
Cross-functional guidance and reporting

Uber’s global Sustainability Team, led by our Global Head of 
Sustainability, brings together leaders from operations, product 
and engineering, policy, communications, marketing, business 
development, legal, workplace, and data science functions . This 
cross-functional group is responsible for charting our path to net 
zero by 2040 and operationalizing this road map across all lines of 
business and functions .

Our ESG Working Group brings together 
employees across the Mobility, Delivery, Freight, 
Policy, Workplace, People, Finance, Data Science, 
and Legal teams that work together to guide 
our sustainability strategy, reporting, and other 
aspects of our sustainability and ESG efforts .

55

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Task Force on Climate- 
Related Financial Disclosures

TCFD is a risk reporting framework for businesses to use when 
disclosing the impact of climate change and climate transitions 
on their operations . Best-practice TCFD reports use climate 
scenario analysis to quantify, where possible, a business’s risks and 
opportunities in different possible futures, under different possible 
levels of climate warming . 

Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario-specific data with 
Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities 
across Uber in specific geographies . 

This exercise is not a forecast of the future, a financial planning 
exercise, or a portfolio capital allocation recommendation . In line 
with TCFD recommendations, analysis focuses on breadth over 
precision in quantifying any given risk or opportunity . Given the wide 
range of outcomes, subsequent decarbonization planning should be 
approached as a future-under-uncertainty problem .

We recognize that while our analysis is thorough in comparison to 
those of our peers, there are limitations that we look to enhance in 
future disclosure . 

Scenario selection
This assessment considers 2 low-carbon transition scenarios:

•  Forecast Policy Scenario (FPS) in which we achieve warming 

of 1 .8 degrees over pre-industrial levels by 2100 based on 
a high-conviction policy-based forecast of announced 
responses to climate change and related implications for 
energy, vehicles and carbon prices . 

•  Required Policy Scenario (RPS) in which we cap warming 

to 1 .5 degrees over pre-industrial levels by 2100 . It augments 
FPS announced policies to ensure achievement of Paris 
Alignment warming goals, quantifying strong impacts from 
transitional risks (e .g ., carbon prices) and innovation . It is 
included to reflect the net-zero pathway many governments 
and companies have publicly committed to .

These low-carbon transition scenarios are produced by the 
Principles for Responsible Investment’s Inevitable Policy 
Response initiative (IPR) and offer a deep analysis on specific 
climate-related policies . Scenarios account for institutional and 
technology readiness and are benchmarked and updated on a 
regular basis to reflect new developments .

Key outputs from IPR used in this TCFD analysis include 
carbon prices, ICE vehicle sales bans, and vehicle stock 
projections. 

The analysis also included a business-as-usual (BAU) scenario, 
in which we see warming of 3-4 degrees over pre-industrial levels by 
2100 . It assumes the world fails to introduce more stringent climate 
policies beyond what is already legislated, and is included due to the 
higher impact of physical risks . In this scenario, the current trajectory 
of zero-emission vehicle-cost decline continues, but currently active 
policies remain insufficient to achieve net zero . Key outputs from 
the BAU model used in the TCFD analysis include vehicle CAPEX and 
OPEX components, vehicle efficiency, and vehicle stock projections . 

The scenarios vary on key dimensions relevant to Uber, including 
level of carbon price (higher in decarbonization scenarios) and date of 
ICE vehicle sales bans (sooner in decarbonization scenarios) . Price of 
oil is lower in decarbonization scenarios, reflecting a drop in demand 
as the economy shifts away from fossil fuels . Amount of capital 
investment in the electricity grid also varies, with higher amounts 
of investment needed to incorporate more renewable generation 
sources in decarbonization scenarios .

56

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Prioritization matrix of risks and opportunities

Transition risk

Physical risk

Opportunity

Low

Medium

High

Very High

Reporting requirements 

Community  
resilience

Direct climate regulation 

Loss of B2B customers 

Indirect climate and 
vehicle emissions 
related regulation

Multi-modal  
transit

Loss of riders  
& Uber Eats users 

Courier barriers 

Service  
impacts

d
o
o
h

i
l

e
k
L

i

Supply chain impacts

Access to capital 

Carrier barriers

Corporate operations

Human capital 

Recruitment  
& retention

Reputation  
impacts

Shareholder  
value

Platform  
adaptability

Reputation  
building

Climate  
advocacy

Driver barriers

Strategy &  
planning

Human capital

Impact

V
e
r
y
H
g
h

i

i

H
g
h

M
e
d
u
m

i

L
o
w

Climate-related risks and decarbonization 
opportunities are informed by those described 
in Uber’s 2021 ESG report, supplemented by 
stakeholder interviews. Internal experts, including 
leaders across the company, were consulted to 
select the risks and opportunities prioritized in 
this year’s TCFD reporting . Risks include transition 
risk from direct and indirect climate regulation 
such as carbon pricing, factors that influence the 
economic parity of zero-emission vehicles, and 
physical impacts from extreme weather events . 

Opportunities build on Uber’s sustainability 
commitments, focusing on customer willingness 
to pay, better access to financing for decarbonizing 
companies, and offering green transportation 
options to position Uber as a climate leader . 

Scenario analysis is used to quantify key risks 
and opportunities, building upon Uber’s previous 
qualitative analysis . Cost and revenue implications 
are determined by combining Uber data with 
variables from scenarios, taking the next step in 

Uber’s TCFD reporting . For example, analysis on 
the total cost of ownership (TCO) of a vehicle uses 
Uber-specific assumptions around driver earnings 
and total kilometers driven, which are combined 
with scenario-specific assumptions around carbon 
price, oil price, and electricity price . Along with 
vehicle capital expenditure costs, these operational 
expenditure inputs are used to estimate the per-
kilometer cost of owning and operating a vehicle in 
different possible futures .

Analysis relies on country case studies. 

Case studies for mobility and delivery are 

built around the UK because of its leading 

climate policy and importance as an Uber 

market. Freight centers around the US, 

which is Uber’s largest freight market.

57

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG Report 
Introduction

People

Main findings from 
TCFD analysis

Uber believes it is largely insulated from the most severe physical and transitional risks 
related to climate change because it has minimal physical assets and manages a very 
responsive marketplace across all its lines of business. 

Uber’s most significant transition-related risk and opportunity is its ability to meet its goals 
of achieving 100% electrification in mobility by 2030 and being net-zero company-wide by 
2040. As a tech platform with minimal direct asset ownership, Uber is very dependent on 
economy-wide GHG abatement policy and technology to accelerate decarbonization. 

Aggressive decarbonization across society would open opportunities by increasing 
corporate customers’ willingness to pay for zero-emission transport across all business lines 
as corporations strive to meet their own decarbonization targets and offset carbon costs.

At the same time, Uber may face some short-term acute physical impacts from events 
such as flooding and high winds, although, historically, the impacts from such events have 
been short-lived.

For more information on our environmental 
sustainability and climate change efforts at Uber, visit 
https://www.uber.com/about/sustainability.

58

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

TCFD climate-related risks and opportunities 

Below are brief definitions of climate-related transition risks, physical risks, and opportunities that may affect Uber’s business or 
operations over the short, medium, or long term. Many risks and opportunities are interrelated and may overlap.

Transition risk

Carrier barriers: Battery EV and greener vehicle 
supply markets, supportive charging and green 
refueling infrastructure, government regulations and 
incentives, and other factors will contribute to the 
economic and perceptual switching costs carrier 
fleets face for switching to lower-emission vehicles .

Direct climate regulation: Direct climate-related 
policy and regulation on Uber, such as California’s 
Clean Miles Standard, which regulates transport 
network companies (TNCs), including Uber, on 
emissions resulting from and electric vehicles used to 
serve rides booked on TNC passenger mobility apps .

Driver/courier barriers: Battery EV and greener 
vehicle supply markets, supportive charging 
and green refueling infrastructure, government 
regulations and incentives, urban land use policies, 
consumer preferences, and other factors will 
contribute to the economic and perceptual switching 
costs drivers and couriers face for switching to 
lower-emission vehicles .

Human capital: Challenges to employee 
acquisition, retention, and productivity if Uber does 
not meet expectations for climate change impacts .

Indirect climate- and vehicle emissions–related 
regulation: Policies including fees, taxes, fuel- 
or engine-type urban access restrictions, and 
other regulations that impact drivers’ , couriers’, 
and carriers’ total cost of vehicle ownership or 
acquisition and, by extension, likelihood of using 
Uber’s app to offer mobility services .

Loss of B2B customers: Loss of B2B customers 
(e .g ., Uber for Business clients, shippers) who have 
made low-carbon commitments and/or net-zero 
pledges that Uber does not meet .

Loss of riders and Uber Eats users: Consumer 
preferences including increased demand for 
sustainable goods and services; additionally, 
lower demand, higher acquisition costs and lower 
retention due to increased prices resulting from 
increased supply chain, compliance, and driver 
acquisition costs due to climate-related impact .

Platform adaptability: High cost to adapt 
platform for EV transition and to meet expectations 
and requirements of stakeholders .

Reporting requirements: Greater reporting 
requirements and associated costs .

Reputation impacts: Losing business to 
competing forms of transportation; reputational 
risks based on stakeholder perceptions, and 
performance relative to competitors .

Supply chain impacts: Higher costs as a result of 
indirect supply chain impacts (e .g ., IT infrastructure, 
vendors) and direct supply chain impacts (e .g ., 
shortage of raw materials) .

Physical risk

Corporate operations: Uber’s offices and 
infrastructure may face operational disruptions and 
rising costs due to extreme weather events . This 
may include increased insurance costs .

Human capital: Uber’s employees may face health 
and safety risks, and cost of health and other 
insurance may rise due to extreme weather, both 
chronic and acute .

Service impacts: Uber’s service may face 
disruption due to extreme weather events, including 
infrastructure impacts (roads, bridges, electricity) . 
This may negatively impact Uber’s revenue and 
users’ access to earning on the platform . Chronic 
weather changes may also affect the density of city 
centers .

Opportunity 

Access to capital: Debt becomes more affordable 
as climate-related factors are factored into pricing .

Climate advocacy: Build partnerships with 
policymakers to support EV and low-carbon 
transition .

Community resilience: Assess likelihood of and 
plan ahead for climate disasters in communities, 
and provide support during extreme weather 
events, including public transit agencies, logistics 
and movement of people and things .

Multi-modal transit: Further integrate with multi-
modal transit .

Recruitment and retention: Improve ability to 
more effectively recruit and retain high-quality 
talent looking for a climate-conscious company .

Reputation building: Be the rideshare and delivery 
option of choice for green transport, and develop 
reputation as a climate leader .

Shareholder value: Some investors will prefer Uber 
as a result of positive climate performance .

Strategy and planning: Further integrate climate 
risks and opportunities into business strategy and 
planning decisions .

59

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Trust

Governance

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

60

60

Uber’s Board  
of Directors

Our Board of Directors is committed to best-in-class 
corporate governance and firmly believes that we must 
be transparent with, and accountable to, our stockholders 
with respect to our culture, governance, and corporate 
responsibility . In our journey to build out a world-class public 
company governance structure, we have strengthened 
and developed a Board of Directors with a diverse set of 
backgrounds, skills, and experiences .

Introduction

People

Performance

Board independence

Board tenure

91%

Independent

Independent (10)  

Non-independent (1)

3.6

Avg years  
of tenure

<2 years (2)

2-4 years (3)

>4 years (6)

86% of S&P 500 directors are independent .

7 .7 years is the average tenure of S&P 500 boards .

Gender diversity

Director age

36%

Female

Female (4)

Male (7)

30% of S&P 500 directors are female .

Ethnic diversity

27%

Ethnic  
minorities

Ethnic minorities (3) 

Not ethnic minorities (8)

21% of all directors of the top 200 S&P 500 companies are 
ethnic minorities .

Note: Data above is as of March 28, 2022 .

60

Avg director 
age

45-55 (5)

56-65 (3)

66+ (3)

63 years is the average age of S&P 500 directors .

10

Global Company Leadership

11

Financial Expertise

Consumer and Digital 
Skills, experience, and background
Global Company Leadership
Experience

10

8

6

7

7

11

Innovation, Technology, and 
Financial expertise
Financial Expertise
High-Growth Experience

8

10
10
10
10

Consumer and Digital 
Government, Policy, and 
Global Company Leadership
Global Company Leadership
Global Company Leadership
Global Company Leadership
Experience
Regulatory Experience

Global company leadership

9

11
11
11
11

Sustainability and human capital management

Innovation, Technology, and 
Sustainability and Human 
Financial Expertise
Financial Expertise
Financial Expertise
Financial Expertise
High-Growth Experience
Capital Management

6

8
8
8
8

Consumer and digital experience

Consumer and Digital 
Consumer and Digital 
Consumer and Digital 
Government, Policy, and 
Consumer and Digital 
Experience
Experience
Experience
Regulatory Experience
Experience

7
7
7
7

9

Innovation, Technology, and 
Innovation, Technology, and 
Innovation, Technology, and 
Sustainability and Human 
Innovation, Technology, and 
High-Growth Experience
High-Growth Experience
High-Growth Experience
Capital Management
High-Growth Experience

Innovation, technology, and high-growth experience

6
6
6
6

Government, policy, and regulatory experience

Government, Policy, and 
Government, Policy, and 
Government, Policy, and 
Government, Policy, and 
Regulatory Experience
Regulatory Experience
Regulatory Experience
Regulatory Experience

9
9
9
9

Sustainability and Human 
Sustainability and Human 
Sustainability and Human 
Sustainability and Human 
Capital Management
Capital Management
Capital Management
Capital Management

61

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportBoard, committee, and  
director performance

Our Board recognizes the importance of a 
comprehensive self-assessment framework for 
maintaining optimal Board effectiveness and to 
ensure each individual director is able to effectively 
discharge his and her duties in supporting the 
company and its objectives . Our Nominating and 
Governance Committee oversees ongoing review 
of the performance of our Board, committees, 
and each individual director, including oversight 
of the annual self-evaluation process and the 
implementation and review of our corporate 
governance guidelines .

Annual evaluations: Every year, each director 
participates in evaluations of the Board, each 
standing committee, and each individual director 
that allow for individual director feedback, and 
promote collective discussion on a number of 
important topics relating to the Board and the 
company, including the effectiveness of the Board, 
each committee, and each individual director . 

The Nominating and Governance Committee 
oversees this annual self-evaluation process, 
which is led by our Independent Chairperson and 
provides the Board and each director with valuable 
and diverse insights into the performance of the 
Board, including opportunities for improvement . 
The components of the self-evaluation process are 
outlined in the box to the right .

Introduction

People

Performance

Board self-evaluation process

Preparation and questionnaires
Written questionnaires evaluating the Board, each committee, and each individual director 
are prepared, finalized, and reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee . The 
questionnaires are then distributed to each director and cover a range of topics, including the 
Board’s role, composition, and committee structure; its focus on the company’s leadership and 
succession planning, operations and strategy, and risk management; and the Board’s and each 
committee’s meetings and materials .

A separate questionnaire is also included so each director can offer feedback on every other 
director’s strengths and opportunities for improvement, and evaluate whether such director is 
effective in serving on the Board .

Summary of the written evaluations
Each director returns the completed questionnaires confidentially to the company’s outside 
counsel, which aggregates the individual responses and provides a written summary of the 
evaluation results to the Independent Chairperson and the Chief Executive Officer .

One-on-one discussions
The Independent Chairperson discusses the aggregated feedback on the Board, each committee, and 
each individual director with each director via individual one-on-one meetings encouraging candid 
discussion about the performance of the Board, each committee, and each director .

Summary review and feedback
The Independent Chairperson reviews the summary and results of the evaluation process with the 
Nominating and Governance Committee at its next regular meeting .

The Nominating and Governance Committee reports to and leads a discussion with the Board in 
executive session regarding the performance and effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and 
each director . Using the summary and evaluation results as a guide, the Independent Chairperson 
leads a discussion with the Board about possible focus areas and proposed actions, which are then 
communicated to the company’s senior management, as appropriate .

Ongoing efforts
The Board implements and monitors any agreed-upon next steps and is encouraged to provide 
real-time feedback throughout the year outside of the formal evaluation process . Board and 
committee executive sessions are held at every regular meeting to identify any related issues and 
review the status of proposed actions . The Board assesses the progress made in areas targeted for 
improvement from the prior year’s evaluation as part of its annual self-assessment process .

62

62

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportBoard oversight

The ESG issues identified in our assessment are important to the 
long-term success of our business and our business strategy . As 
such, and as appropriate, they are overseen by Uber’s Board of 
Directors and the Board’s independent Audit, Compensation, and 
Nominating and Governance Committees . Below is a high-level 
summary of how the Board and its committees have overseen these 
key issues in 2021 and early 2022 .

Audit Committee: Audit Committee reporting and/or sessions 
about a variety of ethics and compliance matters, including integrity 
helpline metrics and a review of our risk profile including, without 
limitation, with respect to cybersecurity and privacy matters—
conducting threat environment and vulnerability assessments, 
managing cyber incidents, pursuing projects to strengthen 
internal cybersecurity, and working closely with our privacy and 
cybersecurity legal team .  

Compensation Committee: Amended our Compensation 
Committee charter to clarify that DEI is under the purview of the 
Compensation Committee . 

Nominating and Governance Committee: Amended our corporate 
governance guidelines to explicitly incorporate Nominating and 
Governance Committee oversight of directors’ external Board 
commitments, including Board chair and lead director roles on 
public company boards, and an annual review of such commitments 
to ensure such commitments do not impair directors’ ability to 
serve on our Board .

Climate change

COVID-19 response

Driver and courier well-being

Employee diversity, inclusion, and culture

ESG program

Ethics and compliance

Local impact

Privacy and cybersecurity

User safety

Introduction

People

Performance

Audit  
Committee

Compensation  
Committee

Nominating  
and Governance 
Committee

Full  
Board 

63

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Performance

Key examples of Board and  
committee oversight of ESG issues

Climate change: Uber’s Board of Directors and Nominating and 
Governance Committee periodically receive updates on policy and 
regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning 
climate- and emissions-related developments, and they receive 
reports on Uber’s climate-change commitments . Uber’s SVP of 
Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of Marketing and 
Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change–related issues 
and policies within the company . These executives oversee the work 
of the Global Head of Sustainability, who is responsible for measuring 
Uber’s emissions footprint, evaluating potential related business 
and regulatory risks (such as limits on emissions), and assessing 
options for emissions reduction . Uber’s Executive Leadership Team 
reviews Uber’s major climate commitments and endorses emissions-
reduction programs .

COVID-19 response: Each of our committees continued to provide 
oversight over their areas of responsibility as it related to the 
pandemic . For example, the Compensation Committee, in exercising 
its oversight of human capital management, provided oversight with 
respect to, among other things, employee well-being and support, 
workforce reductions and attrition, and the transition to remote and 
flexible work in the context of the pandemic as well as guidance 
on return-to-office policies which continued to evolve through the 
course of the pandemic . The Nominating and Governance Committee 
provided oversight during the pandemic with respect to stockholder 
feedback on a range of sustainability and related matters including 
our response to COVID-19, while also overseeing the addition of 
four new directors since the start of 2020 . The Audit Committee 
also continued to provide oversight over the impact of, and our 
response to, the pandemic as it related to various aspects of overall 

risk management including impact on our global compliance and 
enterprise risk management efforts . The Board and its committees 
maintained all regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, and held 
additional special meetings as needed, throughout the pandemic . 

Driver and courier well-being: Uber’s Board of Directors considers 
the well-being and status of drivers and couriers, in some form, at 
nearly every Board meeting . Driver and courier satisfaction, retention, 
and classification are among the issues considered by the Board when 
evaluating Uber’s risk management processes and when guiding 
strategy or reviewing major plans of action . The Compensation 
Committee tied executive compensation for our most senior 
executives to the achievement of driver and courier satisfaction and 
retention metrics in addition to safety improvement metrics .

Employee diversity, equity, inclusion, and culture: The Board 
receives quarterly reports from the Office of Diversity and Inclusion 
regarding Uber’s progress toward its diversity goals . There is also an 
annual organizational review that includes succession planning and 
a talent review . The Compensation Committee considers diversity, 
equity, and inclusion (DEI) metrics when developing compensation 
plans and includes DEI and cultural goals as metrics in the 
compensation for Uber’s most senior executives . The Compensation 
Committee also receives summaries of employee engagement survey 
results and related matters . At the management level, our CEO meets 
with each of his direct reports quarterly to review progress against DEI 
operating targets and plans . The CEO also meets with our employee 
resource group (ERG) leaders regularly, including once a year with all 
ERG leads together to review plans and budget requests . 

Ethics and compliance: The Board and its committees play a critical 
role in overseeing how we develop and maintain the workplace culture 
that we want . Uber’s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) 
and our Global Head of Internal Audit meet with the Audit Committee 

quarterly regarding the state of compliance and ethics, internal 
investigations, and the operation of the company’s Integrity Helpline . 
Aspects of the compliance and ethics program are incorporated into 
the performance evaluations of executive officers, while company 
culture is overseen by the Compensation Committee and the 
Nominating and Governance Committee . The CECO and the Global 
Head of Internal Audit report to the CLO and CFO, respectively, and 
work with the company’s executive leadership team (ELT) as part of 
our enterprise risk management program . Working with the ELT and 
the Audit Committee, the CECO is responsible for implementing an 
ethical culture throughout the business and ensuring the continuous 
enhancement of the global compliance program . 

Local impact: Uber’s Board of Directors periodically receives updates 
on emerging policies at the local, state, and national levels . The Board 
also receives reports from executive leadership on city-specific and 
regional commitments . The Board has regular discussions with senior 
management regarding media coverage and regulatory, legislative, 
and public sentiment involving Uber .

User safety: Uber’s Board of Directors receives updates on user 
safety at least twice a year . The Compensation Committee has 
tied executive compensation for our most senior executives to the 
achievement of safety metrics, including reducing safety incidents 
and increasing transparency and trust . 

Privacy and cybersecurity: The Board oversees the senior 
management team’s efforts to address cybersecurity and data privacy 
risks . Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer provides quarterly 
reports to the Audit Committee and is responsible for a range of 
cybersecurity activities . In addition, the Audit Committee annually 
reviews Uber’s risk profile with respect to cybersecurity matters . Our 
Chief Privacy Officer provides reports to the Board annually and as 
requested from time to time .

64

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Performance

Governance of ESG at a glance

Board committees

Leadership 

    Audit Committee

    Compensation Committee

    Nominating and Governance Committee

Executive leaders at the company

    Chief Executive Officer

    Chief Financial Officer

     Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer  

and Corporate Secretary

    Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer

Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer

Senior Vice President, Delivery

Senior Vice President, Marketing  
and Public Affairs

Senior Vice President, Mobility  
and Business Operations 

Vice President, Core Services

Senior Vice President, Chief Product Officer

Vice President, Uber Freight

More than 50 full-time employees across the company focus on various aspects of Uber’s sustainability and ESG efforts, including from:

    ESG Strategy and Engagement

    Cities and Transportation Policy

Engineering

Freight

ESG Working Group

    Cybersecurity

    Data Privacy

    Delivery

Government Affairs Committee

Investor Relations 

Marketplace Fairness

    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

Mobility

    Ethics and Compliance 

People and Places (Workplace) 

Product Design

Safety

Social Impact

Sustainability

Work and Economic Policy

65

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Trust

Ethics and 
compliance

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

66

66

Introduction

People

Performance

Ethics and compliance

Our Ethics and Compliance team’s mission is to:

•  Foster and enable a culture of ethical  

decision-making

•  Promote compliance with applicable laws, 

regulations, internal policies, and best practices

•  Guide Uber to Do the right thing. Period. 

To achieve this mission, the Ethics and Compliance team has built 
and maintains a comprehensive program of policies, processes, and 
controls to prevent, detect, and respond to conduct that is unlawful or 
unethical or violates Uber’s policies, and to monitor company risks so 
the program can continuously evolve and improve . 

The cornerstone of our comprehensive program is our Business 
Conduct Guide, (BCG), which provides our employees with clear 
expectations for the proper course of action when faced with ethical 
decisions . Within 30 days of hire, every Uber employee is required to 
complete training on and acknowledge our BCG . The training and 
acknowledgment are then repeated every 2 years .

We have a suite of compliance policies and procedures that are 
specific and address identified risk areas, including the Third Party 
Anti-Corruption Due Diligence Policy, Corporate Policy on Conflicts 
of Interest, Policy Against Bribery and Corruption, Political Activity 
Policy, Lobbying Policy, and Competitive Intelligence Policy . In 
November 2021, we revised our BCG to include sections on equity 
and sustainability, highlighting our newly adopted Human Rights 
and Environmental Policies .

Many of our ethics and compliance policies have their own internal 
online home, and employees are invited by our Chief Ethics & 
Compliance Officer in company-wide communications to access 
frequently asked questions, one-page learning aids, and optional mini 
training modules . Additionally, we have built an external-facing Integrity 
Page to ensure that key policies such as the BCG are visible and 
accessible to the world . 

Uber’s compliance policies and procedures  
address specific risk areas

• Competitive Intelligence Policy 

• Corporate Policy on Conflicts of Interest

• Lobbying Policy 

• Policy Against Bribery and Corruption 

• Political Activity Policy

• Third Party Anti-Corruption Due Diligence Policy

96%

of our employees globally have acknowledged 
our updated Business Conduct Guide, 
which includes sections on Equity and 
Sustainability highlighting our newly adopted 
Human Rights and Environmental Policies.

Training: A key element of our comprehensive program is our risk-
based ethics and compliance training curriculum that assigns 
training to employees based on the risk level of their role, location, 
and management responsibility, including live training and 
customized online training modules beyond the standard curriculum . 
All training is translated into languages other than English to 
maximize comprehension by employees . Employees are rewarded 
for completing their compliance acknowledgement and training 
requirements in a timely manner .  Currently, 15,225 employees have 
been rewarded with the Ethics & Compliance Champion designation 
after completing a specific suite of ethics and compliance training 
courses . In Latin America, almost 60 employees have received training 
in our Heroes program . They support the Ethics and Compliance 
function by conducting training, facilitating related conversations, 
and acting as program ambassadors . These individuals facilitate 
increased compliance and ethics knowledge at all levels of Uber and 
augment the team’s reach as compliance liaisons in each LatAm 
business unit or subregion .

15,000+

employees globally have 
earned the “Ethics & 
Compliance Champions” 
designation . 

60

employees in Latin America 
have earned the "Ethics 
& Compliance Heroes" 
designation .

67

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Performance

Risk assessments: To continually improve our global compliance 
program and align our program priorities to critical risks facing 
the company, our Ethics and Compliance team conducts 
periodic independent external assessments as well as internal 
risk assessments . Uber’s compliance risk assessment approach 
involves surveying employees at all levels across the globe to gauge 
awareness for compliance topics and perceived risk on 18 risk areas . 
In 2021, we expanded this assessment to include operational risks . 
The results of the risk assessment informed our 2022 compliance 
program enhancements, including, for example, employee 
communications and new intranet assets around confidentiality, 
privacy, and data security . 

Uber encourages our employees to act like owners and take 
an active role in protecting the company from risks . Every year 
during Ethics & Compliance Week, we refresh our commitment 
to supporting a “stand up, speak up” culture . We raise awareness 
for the Integrity Helpline and encourage our employees and third 
parties to speak up if they have a concern or if they see something 
they believe is inconsistent with our cultural values or policies . 
This awareness effort is coordinated with Ethics & Compliance 
teams across the globe and within newly acquired entities . In 2021, 
we featured panel discussions with and for managers globally to 
reinforce Uber’s commitment to doing the right thing with their 
teams while protecting from retaliation . We also hosted firesides 
to discuss ESG topics and ethics in artificial intelligence and to 
hear company leadership, including our CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, 
discuss compliance, ethics, and acting with integrity .  

Integrity Helpline: Our Integrity Helpline is run by an independent 
third party and is accessible in most languages . Anyone anywhere 
at any time can access our Integrity Helpline to raise a concern 
or report a suspected violation of our policies, procedures, or the 
law . We publicize the Helpline in our employee-facing policies and 
trainings, and we provide a link to the Helpline on the company’s 
intranet and internet sites .  When publicizing the Helpline, we 
reinforce that Uber strictly prohibits retaliation for good-faith 
reporting to the Integrity Helpline or to any resource . A report can 
be made anonymously, whether by phone or online . Reports are 
investigated, and any necessary disciplinary and/or remedial action 
is taken as appropriate . We maintain metrics of Integrity Helpline 
effectiveness, including our intake and responsiveness .  

Anti-corruption: We oppose corruption in all its forms . Corruption 
corrodes the social fabric of society and undermines people’s 
trust in the political system, in its institutions, and in its leadership . 
Corruption affects societies politically, economically, socially, and 
environmentally . Our global compliance program is built on the 
essential elements of an effective compliance program as defined 
by the US DOJ/FCPA Compliance Program hallmarks, the UK Bribery 
Act 2010 Guidance, and the Good Statistical Practice endorsed by 
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development . 

Recognition

Uber has been recognized in Mexico as a Most 

Ethical Company for 2 years in a row, and we have 

obtained Purple Campaign certification for our 

Global Anti-harassment Program.

68

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Performance

Third-party risk management: We have designed our mergers and 
acquisitions due diligence procedures to help ensure a proper focus 
on pre-acquisition due diligence and post-acquisition integration 
of acquired entities to maintain our strong ethics and compliance 
culture . We maintain a global Supplier Code of Conduct—in the 
spirit of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights, and the International Labour Organization Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work—that sets forth the 
expectation for suppliers working on our behalf to comply with all 
laws and to act ethically and with integrity at all times . Additionally, 
we have a risk-based, automated third-party due diligence program 
that assesses all third parties for corruption and bribery risks before 
they’re onboarded . This program helps ensure that the organizations 
we work with engage in ethical business practices .

The years 2020 and 2021 were an unprecedented period, and their 
impact on our business was significant . To help support Uber’s 
COVID-19 pandemic response efforts, our Ethics and Compliance 
team innovated on compliance protocols and leveraged our due 
diligence procedures and internal controls to complete diligence on 
potential recipient organizations, including NGOs and state-owned 
entities at the front lines of the COVID management response . This 
was done to identify, detect, and mitigate fraud and reputational risks 
and ensure that appropriate entities were the recipients of our aid and 
were accountable for using it responsibly . 

Political activities: Uber responsibly participates in federal, state, 
and local public policy discussions on matters that may affect our 
business . We participate in a nonpartisan way to help shape public 
policy and advocate for government action that is consistent with our 
ethics and supports our business objectives . In 2020, Uber formally 
added oversight of political activities and lobbying to the charter of 
the Board of Directors’ Nominating and Governance Committee .

In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials 
governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in 
EMEA launched an Interaction with Public Officials Policy in 2021 by 
expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions 
with government officials . Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC 
launched a similar policy in Q1 2022 . These efforts included in-person 
training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people 
interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the 
landscape of regulations .

Read more in our  
US Political Engagement 
Report.

Key features of the automated  
anti-corruption monitoring  
program include:

•  Integration with underlying systems 
enabling automated access to data 
(Oracle, Coupa, etc.)

•  Application of risk logic and assignment 

of risk scores

•  Risk-based workflows, including 
mandatory review of all high-risk 
transactions

•  Red flag escalation

•  Implementation of dashboards for 
effective monitoring and reporting

69

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Trust

Data privacy 
and security

2022 ESG Report 

70

Introduction

People

Performance

Data privacy 

Privacy is not limited to notices and policies at Uber . 
We are continually investing in our mission to be 
a trusted steward of our users’ personal data in 
every market where we operate, and in living up to 
our Privacy Principles as our products, processes, 
and businesses evolve . So while we’ve had privacy 
settings in our apps for years, in 2022 Uber 
demonstrated our commitment to, and leadership 
in, data privacy by releasing a series of privacy and 
security features to help users understand and 
control how we use their data . 

These features are in Uber’s new Privacy Center . 
This in-app hub, located on the web and in the 
Settings menu of the Uber, Uber Driver, and Uber 
Eats apps, makes it easier than ever for our users 
to understand how we use their data to enable 
convenient and safe transportation and deliveries, 
and how to manage settings in their control . Within 
the Privacy Center, users can explore a summary of 
their use of Uber, request a copy of their data, view 
the information that drivers can see about riders, 
manage their advertising preferences, and exercise 
personal data rights . 

All these privacy products—and more—couldn’t 
serve our global users without a cross-functional 
and diverse team around the world collaborating 
on designing and building them . This team 
consists of a broad variety of individuals across 
our Legal, Policy, Design, Data Protection, Applied 
Science, Product, Security, and Engineering teams 
who have 2 things in common: they’re passionate 
about protecting user data, and they’re committed 
to doing the right thing . But data privacy is a 
shared responsibility of all employees; Uber 
builds awareness of and expertise in data privacy 
and security topics by conducting employee 
training . This includes annual general training 
for all employees and a variety of in-depth role-
based trainings for other employees, including our 
company-wide Privacy Champions, who volunteer 
to serve as additional privacy resources .

In addition to our Privacy Center, 
Uber has built and continues to 
build a variety of features that 
protect users’ privacy. These 
include:  

•  In-app chat and calls that avoid disclosure of 
users’ personal phone numbers  

•  Address anonymization to obscure precise 
rider pickup and dropoff details from driver 
receipts post-trip

•  Profile data expiration to remove drivers’ 
personal data from rider receipts after a trip 
ends and the data is no longer needed

•  Rider notification preferences so that riders can 
manage how they receive in-app marketing 
and trip-related messages from Uber

•  Location preferences to provide greater 
transparency and control

•  Cross-street pickup and delivery for users who 
prefer not to input a specific address

71

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Performance

Data security 

To protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of user data, 
we’ve built a robust information security program that is based on 
the industry-recognized ISO 27001/2 framework and includes written 
policies, processes, and standards designed to protect and secure 
Uber’s data environment . 

Uber has continued to maintain ISO 27001 certification for its 
enterprise business line (Uber for Business, Central, and Uber Health) 
since 2019 and its core rides business . Additionally, Uber maintains an 
SOC 2 certification and was assessed by an independent assessor 
against NIST 800-171 for our Uber for Business commercial offerings to 
become approved as a US government contract service .

We evaluate the health and effectiveness of our information 
security program through ongoing assessments, monitoring, and 
testing . Risk assessments are conducted through external third-
party engagements (including ISO, SOC 2, pen tests, and security 
maturity capability assessments), internal audits, and other internal 
assessment programs . We monitor risks through regular leadership 
meetings, where different security teams present key metrics and 
progress associated with assigned objectives .

Oversight and governance of Uber’s data security 
programs are provided in a variety of ways, including 
these:  

•  Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Chief 
Privacy Officer chair the Privacy and Cybersecurity Council, which 
provides cross-functional oversight of the company’s privacy and 
cybersecurity operations .

•  Uber’s CISO presents quarterly on cyber risk to the Executive 
Leadership Team, which includes Uber’s CEO and his direct reports .

•  The Audit Committee of Uber’s Board of Directors reviews the overall 
cybersecurity program quarterly .

•  Uber’s full Board of Directors also receives a cybersecurity update 
annually .

Organizational

194

Number of employees dedicated 
to Privacy & Security

10

Number of external assessments of  
our Privacy and/or Security programs42

User controls and requests

21,749

Number of user data downloads through 
Download Your Data feature43

45

Number of privacy features available 
to riders, drivers, or Uber Eats users

42Assessments performed by independent third parties. 
43Number represents user data downloads requested and completed in 2021.

72

ClimateTrust2022 ESG Report 
Introduction

People

Performance

Law enforcement and  
government access to data

Engaging with law enforcement: Uber is committed to working 
closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our 
communities . We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison 
team, made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to 
proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about 
how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

Uber also has a law enforcement portal, where public safety officials 
can quickly and securely submit legal process documents to request 
trip data and other information that may be critical in investigating 
potential criminal cases .

Uber’s Public Safety Response team handles these data requests 
and works with investigators to help them get the information they 
need through valid legal processes . This team works diligently, 24/7, 
to handle emergencies and data requests after receiving subpoenas, 
court orders, or search warrants .

Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works 
with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed 
in scope to address the important need and disclose only what is 
necessary in response to the applicable legal process . Every year, we 
produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of 
government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how 
we responded to them in certain markets .

73

7373

ClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Performance

About  
this report

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

74

74

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report highlights our perspectives on the environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) issues that matter most to our business and our stakeholders, including 
investors, employees, and cities, and the drivers, couriers, merchants, and consumers who 
use our platform to connect with work, food, goods, families, and friends. These enduring 
relationships—based on integrity, accountability, and respect—empower us to reimagine 
the way the world moves for the better. 

The report is intended to provide a high-level overview of Uber’s views on, approach to, 
and performance on key ESG issues. 

Data is as of December 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted. The narratives in the report may cover 
issues through July 2022.

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

75

75

Materiality

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues .  
We performed a materiality assessment to inform our ESG reporting and strategy . This 
assessment was originally completed in June 2020 amid the active COVID-19 pandemic,  
a divisive political environment, civil unrest regarding systemic racism and inequality, and a 
deeply recessed global economy . The assessment captured the ESG issues deemed to be 
of greatest relative importance to Uber as of that time, and the results continue to form the 
basis of our ESG reporting . 

The ESG materiality assessment was designed to identify the most relevant, or material, 
issues from an ESG perspective, which is a broader standard than that used in our financial 
disclosures . The use of “material” when referring to ESG topics throughout our reporting 
is intended to flag the most important issues from our ESG assessment . It does not speak 
to the materiality of those issues to Uber as a whole . (Within the boxes here, issues are 
depicted in alphabetical order .) 

Our ESG reporting is informed by the standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) . We 
also describe ways in which our core operations and social impact activities contribute 
to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) . As part of our corporate 
commitment to continual improvement, we will build on ESG content and analysis in 
future iterations of our ESG reporting .

r
e
h
g
H

i

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
s
o
t
e
c
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

Introduction

People

Executive compensation

Climate change

Political activities

COVID-19 
response

Cybersecurity

Diversity, equity, 
inclusion, and 
culture

Driver and courier  
well-being

Ethics and 
compliance

Local impact

User privacy

User safety

Energy efficiency

Board composition

Human rights in the supply chain

Local air quality

Renewable energy

Waste reduction/recycling

Water consumption

Importance to business

Higher

76

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG Report 
 
Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Forward-looking statements

This report may contain forward-looking statements regarding our 
future business expectations, which involve risks and uncertainties . 
Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and 
reported results should not be considered as an indication of future 
performance . Forward-looking statements include all statements 
that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as 
“anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” 
“expect,” “hope,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “objective,” “ongoing,” “plan,” 
“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” 
or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms . Forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, 
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, 
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, 
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements . These risks, uncertainties, and other factors 
relate to, among others: the outcome of a tax case before the UK 
tax authority related to classification as a transportation provider; 

developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on our 
business and operations; competition; managing our growth and 
corporate culture; financial performance; investments in new 
products or offerings; our ability to attract drivers, consumers, and 
partners to our platform; our brand and reputation and other legal 
and regulatory developments and proceedings, particularly with 
respect to our relationships with drivers and couriers . In addition, other 
potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ from the results predicted include, among others, those risks 
and uncertainties included under the captions “Risk Factors” and 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2021, and subsequent Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Information in this 
report is based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of 
publication . We undertake no duty to update this information unless 
required by law .

Greenhouse gas emissions data in this report has been verified by Lloyd’s 
Register Quality Assurance. LRQA’s verification statement can be found here.

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

77

77

Introduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Performance

Performance  
data

ESG Section from 2021, 
Draft for Content of 2022 
report TK 

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

78

78

ESG performance indicators

Environmental indicators

Indicator

Emissions1, 2

Absolute emissions

Scope 1: Stationary emissions

Scope 2: Electricity: location-based

Scope 2: Electricity: market-based

Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions: location-based

Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions: market-based

Scope 3, category 6 (business travel: air travel)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Scope 3, category 11 (use of products sold)

Introduction

People

Scope

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Belgium

Canada

France

Germany

Netherlands

Portugal

Spain

United Kingdom

United States

Rest of world

Sum of Scope 3, category 11

Unit3

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

tCO2

2021

735

145,309

87,219

146,044

87,954

1,462

5,781

419,141

96,538

22,302

12,117

38,520

34,849

313,810

5,367,349

6,762,367

13,072,774

79

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Environmental indicators

Introduction

People

Indicator

Emissions intensity2,5

Scope 1

Scope 2: location-based

Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions

Scope 1

Scope 2: location-based

Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions

Scope 1

Scope 2: location-based

Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions

Fuel consumption6

Total fuel consumed

Percent natural gas

Percent renewable

Energy use7

Total energy consumed

Percentage grid electricity

Percentage renewable9

Scope

Unit

Unit

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

tCO2e/$1 million revenue

tCO2e/$1 million revenue

tCO2e/$1 million revenue

tCO2e/employee

tCO2e/employee

tCO2e/employee

tCO2e/m2 floor area

tCO2e/m2 floor area

tCO2e/m2 floor area

Gigajoules

percent

percent

kWh8

percent

percent

2021
2021

0 .04

8 .32

8 .37

0 .03

6 .77

6 .81

0 .0011

0 .21

0 .21

14,599

100

0

329,732,426

100

41%

80

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Environmental indicators

Introduction

People

Indicator

Water use

Supplied water10

Total water

Water use intensity5

Supplied water10

Total water

Supplied water10

Total water

Supplied water10

Total water

Water use in water-stressed regions11

Extremely high

High

Medium-high

Low-medium

Low 

Scope

Unit

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

Global

cubic meters (m3)

cubic meters (m3)

m3/m2 floor area

m3/m2 floor area

m3/employee

m3/employee

m3/$1 million revenue

m3/$1 million revenue

percent

percent

percent

percent

percent

2021

845,772

845,772

1 .24

1 .24

39 .43

39 .43

48 .45

48 .45

2%

5%

2%

52%

39%

81

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Social indicators (workforce diversity data reflect data as of December 31, 2021)

Workforce diversity (global)12

Introduction

People

Gender

Male

Female

Overall13

Tech14

Non-tech15

Operations16

General and 
administrative17

57 .5%

42 .5%

76 .3%

23 .7%

50 .7%

49 .3%

56 .4%

43 .6%

46 .2%

53 .8%

Support18

48 .8%

51 .2%

Leadership 
overall19

Leadership 
in tech14,19

Leadership 
in non-tech15,19

Leadership 
in ops16,19

Leadership 
in G&A17,19

62 .6%

37 .4%

83 .2%

16 .8%

57 .5%

42 .5%

69 .7%

30 .3%

51 .6%

48 .4%

Women in management (global)

Junior management positions24

Top management positions25

Total management positions

38 .3%

Workforce diversity (regional)12

Gender

Male

Female

US & Canada

60 .1%

39 .9%

LatAm

49 .3%

50 .7%

APAC

58 .6%

41 .4%

38 .7%

EMEA

55 .1%

44 .9%

82

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Social indicators

Workforce diversity (US)

Introduction

People

Overall13

Tech14

Non-tech15 Operations16

General and 
administrative17

Support18

Leadership 
overall19

Leadership 
in tech14,19

Leadership 
in non-tech15,19

Leadership 
in ops16,19

Leadership 
in G&A17,19

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander

White

0 .2%

36 .0%

9 .3%

9 .9%

3 .9%

0 .3%

40 .3%

0 .2%

54 .0%

5 .0%

5 .9%

2 .5%

0 .2%

32 .3%

0 .3%

21 .5%

12 .9%

13 .2%

4 .9%

0 .4%

46 .7%

0 .0%

21 .2%

8 .7%

10 .9%

3 .8%

0 .4%

55 .0%

0 .3%

31 .1%

7 .0%

9 .4%

4 .5%

0 .5%

47 .2%

0 .9%

3 .5%

29 .2%

25 .4%

7 .1%

0 .4%

33 .5%

0 .3%

30 .2%

3 .4%

4 .6%

2 .6%

0 .0%

58 .9%

0 .0%

56 .3%

0 .0%

0 .0%

2 .3%

0 .0%

41 .4%

0 .4%

21 .5%

4 .6%

6 .1%

2 .7%

0 .0%

64 .8%

0 .0%

27 .7%

2 .1%

2 .1%

2 .1%

0 .0%

66 .0%

0 .5%

20 .7%

4 .5%

7 .1%

3 .0%

0 .0%

64 .1%

URP status (US)23

Non-URP (US only)

URP (US only)

Overall 2022 (as of Dec 2021)

Overall 2021 (as of March 2021)

76 .3%

23 .7%

77 .0%

23 .0%

83

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Introduction

People

Social indicators

Race or ethnicity, women21 (US)

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander

White

Race or ethnicity, men21 (US)

Overall13

Tech14

Non-tech15 Operations16

General and 
administrative17

Support18

Leadership 
overall19

Leadership 
in tech14,19

Leadership 
in non-tech15,19

Leadership 
in ops16,19

Leadership 
in G&A17,19

0 .1%

12 .9%

5 .4%

4 .7%

1 .8%

0 .1%

15 .8%

0 .0%

14 .4%

2 .3%

2 .1%

0 .8%

0 .1%

7 .2%

0 .2%

11 .7%

7 .8%

6 .8%

2 .7%

0 .2%

22 .8%

0 .0%

11 .3%

3 .8%

4 .7%

2 .2%

0 .1%

24 .5%

0 .2%

17 .2%

4 .5%

5 .1%

2 .4%

0 .2%

25 .2%

0 .3%

1 .8%

19 .1%

13 .8%

3 .8%

0 .2%

15 .3%

0 .3%

9 .5%

2 .3%

1 .7%

0 .9%

0 .0%

24 .4%

0 .0%

9 .2%

0 .0%

0 .0%

0 .0%

0 .0%

8 .0%

0 .4%

9 .6%

3 .1%

2 .3%

1 .1%

0 .0%

29 .9%

0 .0%

6 .4%

2 .1%

2 .1%

0 .0%

0 .0%

23 .4%

0 .5%

10 .6%

2 .5%

2 .5%

1 .5%

0 .0%

31 .3%

Overall13

Tech14

Non-tech15 Operations16

General and 
administrative17

Support18

Leadership 
overall19

Leadership 
in tech14,19

Leadership 
in non-tech15,19

Leadership 
in ops16,19

Leadership 
in G&A17,19

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African-American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander

0 .2%

23 .0%

4 .0%

5 .2%

1 .9%

0 .2%

0 .2%

39 .4%

2 .6%

3 .7%

1 .6%

0 .1%

0 .1%

9 .7%

5 .1%

6 .4%

2 .2%

0 .2%

0 .0%

9 .8%

4 .9%

6 .2%

1 .6%

0 .3%

White

24 .3%

25 .0%

23 .8%

30 .4%

0 .1%

13 .8%

2 .5%

4 .3%

2 .0%

0 .3%

21 .9%

0 .7%

1 .6%

10 .0%

11 .4%

3 .2%

0 .2%

17 .8%

0 .0%

20 .7%

1 .1%

2 .9%

1 .7%

0 .0%

34 .5%

0 .0%

47 .1%

0 .0%

0 .0%

2 .3%

0 .0%

33 .3%

0 .0%

11 .9%

1 .5%

3 .8%

1 .5%

0 .0%

34 .9%

0 .0%

21 .3%

0 .0%

0 .0%

2 .1%

0 .0%

42 .6%

0 .0%

10 .1%

2 .0%

4 .5%

1 .5%

0 .0%

32 .8%

84

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Introduction

People

Social indicators

Representation of new hires22 (global)

Gender

Male

Female

Overall13

56 .4%

43 .6%

Support18

Leadership overall19

Race or ethnicity, women21 (US)

Overall13

Support18

Leadership overall19

Representation of new hires22 

50 .9%

49 .1%

61 .0%

39 .0%

Representation of new hires22 

Race or ethnicity20 (US)

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African-American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other 
Pacific Islander

White

Overall13

Support18

Leadership overall19

0 .3%

33 .7%

12 .2%

11 .7%

3 .3%

0 .4%

38 .5%

1 .1%

4 .6%

30 .8%

25 .4%

4 .6%

0 .6%

32 .8%

0 .0%

35 .6%

4 .4%

0 .0%

0 .0%

0 .0%

60 .0%

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African-American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other Pacific 
Islander

White

Representation of new hires22 

0 .1%

13 .2%

6 .8%

5 .8%

1 .7%

0 .2%

16 .3%

0 .3%

2 .1%

19 .9%

14 .8%

2 .9%

0 .3%

15 .4%

0 .0%

15 .6%

2 .2%

0 .0%

0 .0%

0 .0%

24 .4%

Race or ethnicity, men21 (US)

Overall13

Support18

Leadership overall19

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African-American

Hispanic/Latino

Multiracial/Two or More Races

Native Hawaiian or other Pacific 
Islander

White

0 .2%

20 .3%

5 .4%

5 .9%

1 .5%

0 .2%

22 .0%

0 .8%

2 .4%

11 .0%

10 .7%

1 .7%

0 .3%

17 .0%

0 .0%

20 .0%

2 .2%

0 .0%

0 .0%

0 .0%

35 .6%

85

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Social indicators

Employees in naturalization categories (global)

Employee engagement (global)

Introduction

People

Category

Foreign national26

Workplace safety (US)

Workplace safety27

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) (direct employees) 

Fatalities (direct employees)

Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) (contract employees) 

Fatalities (contract employees)

Percentage

Total

2021 Pulse survey28,29

Number

% of total respondents30

13%

Total number of FTEs surveyed

Employees who returned survey

Employees who are “actively engaged”31 

Total

0 .06

0

0 .03

0

Employees who perceive Uber's mission favorably 

Employees who are proud to work for Uber 

Employees who feel treated fairly at Uber regardless 
of their personal background 

Driver and courier well-being (global)

Drivers and couriers satisfied32

20,095

16,693

12,186

13,353

13,354

14,690

100%

83%

73%

80%

80%

88%

72%

86

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Social indicators

Safety data33

Motor vehicle fatalities (US rides)

Motor vehicle fatalities by vehicle miles traveled34

(Per 100 million VMT)

Motor vehicle fatalities by vehicle miles traveled

Total miles

Motor vehicle fatalities by trips36

Motor vehicle fatalities by trips

Total trips

Introduction

People

2017-2018

Uber rate35

0 .58

18 .5 billion

2019

2019-2020

Uber rate35

0 .62

16 .3 billion

2020

# of Uber-related fatalities

# of Uber-related fatalities

59

1 .4 billion

42

650 million

In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) makes annual traffic fatality information available to the public through the Fatality Analysis Reporting System 
(FARS) . The motor vehicle fatality data in Uber’s US Safety Report is built off the data standards established by FARS . Each fatal crash in the Uber dataset was reconciled to a fatal crash 
in the FARS database . For a fatal motor vehicle crash to be included in the Safety Report, the crash must have involved the vehicle of at least one driver using the Uber platform and the 
death of at least one person within 30 days of the crash . Fatal crashes are included in the US Safety Report regardless of whether the deceased party was an Uber user or whether a driver 
using the Uber platform or their vehicle was the cause of the crash or was carrying the deceased parties .

Please view the ‘Methodology’ chapter of Uber’s US Safety Report for more information on these metrics .

For a detailed review of safety policies, 
processes, and data, please view 
Uber’s US Safety Report.

87

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Introduction

People

Social indicators

Safety data33

Fatal physical assaults (US rides)34

Subcategory

Fatal physical assaults

Sexual assaults (US rides)37

Subcategory

Non-consensual kissing of a non-sexual body part

Attempted non-consensual penetration

Non-consensual touching of a sexual body part

Non-consensual kissing of a sexual body part

Non-consensual sexual penetration

Brief subcategory definitions

2019

2020

# of fatalities

% of total trips38

# of fatalities

% of total trips38

9

0 .000001%

11

0 .000002%

# of incident reports

% of total trips38

# of incident reports

% of total trips38

2019

2020

513

202

1,526

338

247

0 .00004%

0 .00001%

0 .00011%

0 .00002%

0 .00002%

137

82

528

110

141

0 .00002%

0 .00001%

0 .00008%

0 .00002%

0 .00002%

Non-consensual kissing of a non-sexual body part
Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed, licked, or bit, or forced a kiss, 
lick, or bite on any non-sexual body part (e .g ., hand, leg, thigh) of the user .

Non-consensual touching of a sexual body part 
Defined as: Without explicit consent from the user, someone touched or forced a touch on 
any sexual body part (breast, genitalia, mouth, buttocks) of the user .

Attempted non-consensual penetration 
Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone attempted to penetrate the 
vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object . Includes removal of and attempted 
removal of another person’s clothing to attempt to access a sexual body part will be 
classified as ‘attempted non-consensual penetration .’ This also includes attempted 
penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part; however, it 
excludes kissing with tongue or attempts to kiss with tongue .

Non-consensual kissing of a sexual body part 
Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed or forced a kiss on either 
the breast or buttocks of the user . This would include kissing on the lips or kissing while 
using tongue .

Non-consensual sexual penetration 
Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone penetrated, no matter 
how slight, the vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object . This includes 
penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part . This excludes 
kissing with tongue .

For more information, please view Uber's US Safety Report.

88

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportESG performance indicators

Governance indicators

Law enforcement and public health requests

Liabilities and fines related to data privacy

Category

Scope

Quantity

Category

Introduction

People

Number of requests for user data made by law enforcement39

Number of users whose data was disclosed to law enforcement40

Percentage of law enforcement requests that resulted in Uber's disclosing 
the requested information, or some subset thereof

Number of requests for user data made by law enforcement39

Number of users whose data was disclosed to law enforcement40

Percentage of law enforcement requests that resulted in Uber's disclosing 
the requested information, or some subset thereof

Number of requests for user data made by public health authorities41

Number of users whose data was disclosed to public health authorities40

Percentage of public health requests that resulted in Uber's disclosing 
the requested information, or some subset thereof

Number of requests for user data made by public health authorities41

Number of users whose data was disclosed to public health authorities40

Percentage of public health requests that resulted in Uber's disclosing 
the requested information, or some subset thereof

Data privacy and security

US

US

US

Canada

Canada

Canada

US

US

US

Canada

Canada

Canada

Private civil litigation43

Enforcement/regulatory actions

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with 
anti-competitive behavior regulations44

Privacy

Metric 

Organizational

Number of employees dedicated to Privacy and Security

Number of external assessments of our Privacy and/or Security programs45

User controls and requests

Number of user data downloads through Download Your Data feature46

Number of privacy features available to riders, drivers, and Uber Eats users

5,367

7,686

55 .5%

457

520

51 .2%

194

1,561

61 .3%

626

2,868

80 .8%

Number of material cybersecurity breaches42

Global

0

Scope

Global

Global

Global

Quantity

$169,078

$0

$0

2021 Data 

194

10

21,749

45

89

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportNotes from performance data

Introduction

People

1 For Scope 1 and 2, the reporting criteria used to evaluate the emissions 

13 Total employees includes all active full-time employees, excluding casual 

28 The 2021 Pulse Survey, conducted in September 2021, refers to Uber’s global 

(i .e ., date and time, geography) . Our team may work with the requesting 

report were the WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol . This includes 
the following material GHGs: CO2 (carbon dioxide), N2O (nitrous oxide), 
and CH4 (methane) . The following emission conversion factor sources are 

used in calculations: Natural gas combustion emission factors: EPA Center 

employees and interns .

14 Includes Engineering, Product, and Freight (from Supervisory Org 1) . 

15 All the orgs except for Engineering, Product, and Freight (from Supervisory org 1) . 

for Corporate Climate Leadership . Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas 

16 Includes core business orgs (Core Services, Eats, Global Rides, Business 

Inventories . Purchased electricity Australia: National Greenhouse and Energy 

Development, Safety & Insurance, U4B . Previously also included NeMo and 

employee engagement survey sent to all full-time employees . The survey is 

used to gauge employee sentiment and enable organization-wide planning .

agency to narrow the scope of an inquiry or inquiries to minimize the 
number of users impacted . Thus, we have determined that the number of 

29 Calculation represents the number of employees who responded 5 or 6 on a 

6-point scale where 1 = Strongly Disagree and 6 = Strongly Agree .

30 Percentages are based on the total number of responses for each question .

user accounts with data disclosed is a more meaningful metric than the 
number of user accounts with data requested .

41 “Requests” include any response related to outbreaks of infectious diseases 

such as the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) . “User data” refers to any 

information that relates to or is associated with an identified or identifiable 

Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008 (compiled 1 July 2021) . Indirect 

Product Ops) .

31 Score is a composite of 4 questions related to engagement .

Factor - NGA workbook (where applicable), published Aug 2021 . Purchased 

Electricity: Canada: 2021 UNFCCC Submission . National Inventory Report, 

1990-2019: Greenhouse Gas Sources and Sinks in Canada Annex 13: Table 

A13-1-Table A13-13 . Purchased electricity US: EPA eGRID 2019 . Purchased 

electricity UK: 2021 UK Government conversion factors for Company 

reporting . Purchased electricity non-Australia, non-Canada, non-US, non-UK: 

17 Includes corporate functions (People & Places, Policy & Comms, Legal & 

32 Responded that they are either “somewhat satisfied” or “very satisfied” 

natural person . To learn more about our process and requirements for 

Security, Finance, and Marketing) .

with their experience with Uber . In 2021, we made changes to the survey 

responding to public health requests, see Uber’s Guidelines for Public 

18 Support workforce (typically referred to as customer service employees in 

industry terms), which consists of Community Specialists at our Centers of 

methodology (including sampling design and questionnaire design), so 

Health Authorities .

these results cannot be compared with 2020 results .

42 A cybersecurity breach is material if it could have an adverse effect on our 

Excellence and Greenlight Hubs .

33 “Relation to the Uber platform” or “Uber-related” is in reference to data 

business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects .

International Energy Agency - Emission Factors 2020 .

19 Includes executives and senior management Level 7 and above (Director-

2 Scope 1 emissions are calculated from natural gas used at our offices and data 

level and above) .

centers . Scope 2 emissions are calculated from electricity consumption data . 

20 Overall US employees who self identified their race/ethnicity . 

Scope 2, Location-based and Scope 2, Market-based are defined in the GHG 

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self-report 

Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, 2015 . Where data were not available, assumptions 

race/ethnicity . Denominator for these figures is total men and women in 

were applied . The greenhouse gas emissions data disclosed in this report have 

selected org .

classification for the purposes of data sourced from Uber’s US Safety 

Report only .

43 Amount refers to 2 private settlements in the US related to the 2016 data 

incident and 6 private settlements in the Netherlands related to individual 

34 Uber occasionally receives notice of a possible safety incident well after the 

drivers claiming they were wrongfully deactivated based on unlawful 

trip was taken (sometimes years after) . This is extremely rare for fatalities, 

automated decision-making .

but this means that the data could change over time . The data presented in 

this report includes incident reports reported on or before April 15, 2022 .

received limited assurance from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance .

21 Overall US employees who self-identified their race/ethnicity . 

35Uber yearly rates are rounded .

3 tCO2e refers to tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, and tCO2 refers to 
tonnes of carbon dioxide .

4 Scope 3, Category 11 (limited to CO2): Use of sold products for all markets 
worldwide where Uber provides Ride, Delivery, or Freight services . Data was 

derived from analysis of internal Uber administrative data and external 

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self-report 
race/ethnicity . Denominator for these figures is total employees in 
selected org .

36 Uber occasionally receives notice of a possible safety incident well after the 

trip was taken (sometimes years after) . This is extremely rare for fatalities, 

but this means that the data could change over time . The data presented in 

22 Data represents new hires starting employment between January 2021, and 

this report includes incident reports reported on or before April 15, 2022 .

December 31, 2021, for external hires only (internal transfers excluded) .

37 This report reflects audited sexual assault reports that were classified into 

data from DataOne and DAT Group .

23 Uber categorizes US employees as URP if they self-identify into the 

one of the categories in this table . Uber occasionally receives notice of a 

5 Intensity figures are calculated using square meters of Uber floor area 
(680,001 m2), by employee (21,450), and revenue (17,455 mUSD) .

6 Fuel consumption represents natural gas used at our workspaces, 

represented in gigajoules .

following demographic categories: Black or African American, Hispanic or 

potential sexual assault well after the trip has ended . The sexual assault data 

Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races .

presented in this report includes incident reports reported on or before April 

24 Includes people mangers L6 and below .

25 Includes people managers at L7 and above .

26 Foreign national is defined as any employee requiring a visa for work in the 

15, 2022, and for this reason may change over time .

38 Incident reports as a percent of total trips are rounded .

7 Calculations are limited to global offices and data centers, and exclude 

country in which they were employed as of December 31, 2021. Uber utilizes 

co-working spaces .

8 Kilowatt-hours .

9 This number represents renewable energy matched by our data 

center providers .

10 Supplied water refers to water provided from public utilities .

multiple immigration counsel services. The number represented here is an 

aggregate of records and estimates from these companies.

27 TRIR refers to the number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time 

employees during a one-year period (40 work hours x 50 weeks per 100 

employees, or 200,000 hours) . An injury or illness is considered a recordable 

incident if it results in any of the following: death; days away from work; 

11 Figures calculated using WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas classification . 

restricted work or transfer to another job; medical treatment beyond first 

Accessed January 4th, 2022 .

aid; or loss of consciousness .

12 Data represents employees who self-reported gender employed as of 

December 31, 2021 .

39 “User data” refers to any information that relates to or is associated with an 

identified or identifiable natural person . To learn more about our process 

and requirements for responding to law enforcement requests in the US, 

see Uber’s Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities . Uber gives an 

extensive overview of information provided to federal and state regulators 
and law enforcement agencies in the US and Canada here . 

40 “Number of users” whose data Uber disclosed represents our response 

to valid requests from law enforcement or public health authorities . It is 

distinct from the number of users whose information was “requested .” We 

use “disclosed” to reflect that requests are not necessarily or consistently 

account-based . Due to the nature of our business, we may receive requests 

for an undefined number of users based on a specific set of parameters 

44 Amount includes all judgments, fines, and penalties paid as a result of 

antitrust-related legal proceedings .

45 Assessments performed by independent third parties .

46 Number represents user data downloads requested and completed in 2021 .

90

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIntroduction

People

Climate

Trust

Performance

Performance

Indices

ESG Section from 2021, 
ESG Section from 2021,
Draft. Content of 2022 
Draft for Content of 2022
report TK
report TK 

2022 ESG Report 

2022 ESG Report 

91

91

Indices

This report includes metrics responsive to the recommendations of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) . Because no one set of industry reporting standards encompasses the full scope of Uber’s business 
model, we have included applicable reporting standards from both the SASB Internet Media and Services and SASB Road Transportation standards . In some cases we have made modifications or omissions to these reporting 
standards to better reflect Uber’s actual operations and the data that is available for consistent, quality measurement and reporting . We have also provided information responsive to aspects of the all-sector recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures on governance, strategy, risk management, metrics, and targets . We expect to continue building on this work in future versions of the report . 

Introduction

People

Topic

SASB - Internet Media and Services

Total energy consumed

Percentage grid electricity

Percentage renewables

Total water consumed

Percentage of total water consumed in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress

Integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data centers 

Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with user privacy

1 number of law enforcement requests for user information,  
2 number of users whose information was disclosed,  
3 percentage resulting in disclosure

Number of material cybersecurity breaches

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standards

Percentage of employees who are foreign nationals

Employee engagement as a percentage

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for  
1 leadership, 2 technical staff, and 3 all other employees

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anti-competitive-behavior regulations

Entity-defined measure of user activity

Location

p. 80

p. 80

p. 80

p. 81

p. 81

p. 53

pp. 70-73

p. 89

p. 89;  
Transparency Report

p. 89

pp. 70-73 
also see the 2022 Proxy, p. 13,  
2021 ESG Report, p.60-61

p. 86

p. 86

pp. 82-85;  
People and Culture Report

p. 89

p. 4 (MAPCs)

92

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIndices

Topic

SASB - Road Transportation

Gross global Scope 1 emissions

Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions,  
emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets .

1 total fuel consumed
2 percentage natural gas 
3 percentage renewables

1 total recordable incident rate for direct employees and contract employees
2 fatality rate for direct employees and contract employees

Number of motor vehicle fatalities (platform)

Topic

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

Governance
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities .

Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s business, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material .

Risk management
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks .

Metrics and targets
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such information is material .

Introduction

People

Location

pp. 55, 63-64

Location

p. 79

pp. 45-60; also see the Climate Assessment  
and Performance Report; and our climate change commitments

p. 80

p. 86

p. 87; US Safety Report

Notes

Also see Uber’s 2021 Proxy Statement

pp. 45-59

Also see the Climate Assessment and Performance Report, SPARK! report; and our climate change commitments

pp. 45-59

Also see the Climate Assessment and Performance Report, SPARK! report; and our climate change commitments

pp. 46, 79-80

Also see the Climate Assessment and Performance Report and our climate change commitments

93

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIndices

Uber proudly contributes to many of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) . Due to the nature of our business and operations, we primarily contribute to 9: Good Health and Well-Being; Gender 
Equality; Affordable and Clean Energy; Decent Work and Economic Growth; Reduced Inequalities; Sustainable Cities and Communities; Climate Action; Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions; and Partnerships for the Goals . 
The following pages include a few examples of Uber’s contributions to the goals, with an emphasis on our contributions in 2021 and the early part of 2022 . Some activities may span across multiple goals .

Topic

Priority SDGs

Example activities

Location

Introduction

People

Goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages

US: Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy .

US: Uber teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access Fund in the US . This $11 million initiative lets us 
fund even more rides for communities in need . Specifically, it addresses health inequities by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where people from 
underserved parts of the country can learn about the vaccine from trusted contacts .

Global: In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world so they could travel to get vaccinated .

Global: We partner with leading insurance companies to offer a range of protection solutions, including on-app coverage for accidents and injuries while working—and in some 
markets, income protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness . 

Internal: At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, resulting in spaces that support the 
health of both people and planet . Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL certifications across numerous locations .

Internal: Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s culture . Our benefits offering provides market-specific 
choice, gives access to robust mental health and family-building programs, and encourages overall employee well-being, all with the employee experience at the core . 

Goal 5: Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls

US: As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women were able to rely on app-based work for flexible earning opportunities—especially food and grocery delivery . During 2021, the 
number of women working on the Uber platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre-pandemic levels . 

Global: We are diligent about tracking our demographic data and holding ourselves accountable for improving representation of women globally and underrepresented people (URP) 
in the US year over year . 

Global: In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes across race and gender demographics . For the 
last 2 years (2020 and 2021), women at Uber globally earned $1 .00 for every $1 .00 (total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions . 

Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and 
modern energy for all

United Kingdom: We’re spending £5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging 
network by 7% .

US: As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces are matched with 100% renewable electricity . We accomplished this with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in 
Texas, which Uber helped finance through a 12-year virtual power purchase agreement . 

Global: We’re working with industry leaders across the globe to find easy and affordable ways to help drivers go electric .

p. 9

p. 9

p. 13

p. 24

p. 53

p. 42

p. 20

p. 37

p. 44

p. 48

p. 53

p. 48

94

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIndices

Topic

Priority SDGs

Example activities

Introduction

People

Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic 
growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all

Global: Through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in New York, San Francisco, and Italy 
have set a global precedent for Uber and taxis working together .

US: Our Uber Transit partnership with Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, and medical appointments for addiction program participants .

US: We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, providing $20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat 
Local campaign, which included $4 .5 million in small business relief grants administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which were minority-owned . 

Global: Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want . Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest 
open platforms for work, offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 10,000 cities . Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people used Uber’s platform to 
earn . In total, they generated over US$150 billion in earnings, excluding tips . 

Global: Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real-time control over their working hours, times, and locations . There are no negotiations or minimum hours, only reasonable 
constraints on maximum hours to promote safety and comply with local regulations . 

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work . We 
believe that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility—The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work; Earnings—Fair and transparent 
earning opportunities; Benefits and protections—Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work; Voice—Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on 
feedback; Growth—Lifelong learning and development opportunities . 

Location

p. 10

p. 9

p. 11

p. 17

p. 18

p. 21

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits 
and protections . We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and 
innovative approaches to dialogue . 

pp. 21, 22

Global: We’re committed to capturing the diverse perspectives of people who earn on our platform, listening to their opinions, and addressing and supporting their needs . During 
2021, we held over 300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers and couriers around the world and conducted more than 50 surveys to gather feedback . 

Internal: Uber aims to have a safe, healthy, sustainable work environment for all employees, contractors, and guests that will empower them to do their best work while reimagining 
the way the world moves for the better . 

p. 23

p. 43

Internal: Uber has been recognized in Mexico as a Most Ethical Company for 2 years in a row, and we have obtained Purple Campaign certification for our Global Anti-harassment Program . 

p. 68

Goal 10: Reduce inequality within and among countries

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee 
Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme . 

US: In 2020, Uber committed $10 million over the following 2 years to support Black-owned businesses through programs with Black-owned businesses directly and through 
partnerships with Black-owned restaurants on Uber Eats .

Global: Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and countries they serve . They include professional drivers, veterans, students, parents returning to work, people 
supplementing a primary income, and everything in between .

US and Brazil: Uber rolled out anti-racism and unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US . Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to 
develop training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform . 

US: During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique role and responsibility to help fight racism and, particularly, its disparate impact on the Black community . The commitments are 
organized under 4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting racism with technology, driving equity in the community, and sustaining equity and belonging for all . 

p. 14

p. 15

p. 17

p. 15

p. 34

95

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIndices

Topic

Priority SDGs

Goal 11: Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, 
resilient and sustainable

Introduction

People

Example activities

Location

US: Uber Transit supplements fixed-route service and improves paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the US and beyond . 

US: We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s ability to maintain service across its 700-mile service area through a partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to 
transit hubs through their app . 

US: Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial employment center outside Chicago, to provide first-/last-mile connections to transit and late-night service across multiple 
transit agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program .

US: We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across 
North America .

Global: Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services can now be 
accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities worldwide . 

Global: In response to the quick return to pre-pandemic traffic levels in cities around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion . In it, we explored the role that Uber 
and road users play, introduced principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely single-occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part to help 
reduce congestion . Uber actively partners with companies and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single-occupant vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to 
support choosing green . 

United Kingdom: Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 
10% of the vehicle kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio across major European cities on the platform . 

Global: Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities . We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up 
of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation . 

Global: We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety organizations, and crime-prevention organizations to 
ensure that we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices . We are proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs and initiatives . 

Global: Uber is the first and only global mobility tech company to commit $800 million in total resources to help hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to EVs . To date, we 
have provided $245 million through a combination of direct incentives, savings from partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, designed to support vehicle acquisition . 

UK: We’re spending £5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% . 

Global: In 2021, we published an Environmental Policy, which covers our oversight around core areas such as emissions, energy, water, materials, chemicals and waste, products, 
suppliers and contractors, engagements, and mergers and acquisitions . 

p. 10

p. 10

p. 10

p. 10

p. 10

p. 11

p. 11

p. 28

p. 29

p. 47

p. 48

p. 46

96

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG ReportIndices

Topic

Priority SDGs

Example activities

Location

Introduction

People

Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its 
impacts

US: Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services in response to disasters and to help 
with recovery . Uber continued to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, feeding first 
responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber Freight . In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, and other essential supplies to communities in distress . 

Goal 16: Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable 
development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, 
accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels

Global: We’re aiming to be net zero by 2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions . As part of getting there we have set an ambitious goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger 
mobility platform to be completed in zero-emission vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and by 2040 in every market we 
operate in globally .

Global: To help reduce the higher total cost of ownership (TCO) and accelerate an equitable transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: 
education, incentives, savings, and advocacy . Our December 2021 update and concurrently released Climate Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an in-depth review of the 
initial actions we’re taking, investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

US & United Kingdom: Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario-specific data with Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities across Uber in 
specific geographies . 

EMEA: Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with $1 million to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary housing, and other immediate needs upon 
arrival in the US .

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee 
Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme . 

Global: We’ve doubled down on programs that enable groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on behalf of their communities so 
that we can make meaningful changes . After a successful launch in Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program through 
which drivers and couriers elect other drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) to all 50 states . We meet regularly with driver and courier associations in many countries and 
regions, including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington State (US) . We also engage with unions in several places, including France and the UK . 

Goal 17: Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize 
the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work . We believe 
that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility—The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work; Earnings—Fair and transparent earning 
opportunities; Benefits and protections—Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work; Voice—Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback; Growth—
Lifelong learning and development opportunities . 

p. 14

p. 46

p. 47

p. 56

p. 14

p. 14

p. 23

p. 21

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and 
protections . We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and innovative 
approaches to dialogue .

pp. 21, 22

Global: In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in EMEA launched an Interaction with Public 
Officials Policy in 2021 by expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions with government officials . Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC launched a similar 
policy in Q1 2022 . These efforts included in-person training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the 
landscape of regulations .

US and Canada: Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed in scope to address the 
important need and disclose only what is necessary in response to the applicable legal process . Every year, we produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of 
government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how we responded to them in certain markets . 

p. 69

p. 73

97

PerformanceClimateTrust2022 ESG Report2022 ESG Report 

98

Last year, my letter in Uber’s annual ESG Report reflected on the global impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic and our efforts to address the unique and unprecedented challenges the world faced .

As a society, we continue to face challenges, including the health, social, and economic implications from COVID humanitarian crises leaving millions in need and severe weather events that damage the places we call home .

These challenges endanger society and threaten the resources available on our planet .

Everyone needs to be able to move freely, and safely, and in a way that preserves the planet, its people, and its resources .

At Uber, we don’t just power movement our mission is to reimagine the way the world moves for the better .

We want to help people go anywhere and get anything .

We want you to move and earn freely, make the most of your time, and be connected to the people and places that matter most to you .

We’re committed to safety and developing technology that aims to reduce incidents .

We’re committed to sustaining equity and belonging for all .

We’re committed to reducing the impact our operations have on the environment .

We’re committed to you, and to the cities in which we serve because we believe that when you thrive, when people connecting on our platform thrive, and when cities thrive, Uber thrives .

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report reflects how we’ve embraced our values and our commitment to those who earn on, move on, or invest in our platform .

We prioritize transparency and recognize its mandate in our journey to deliver value for you .

Continued to advocate for the right to flexibility, fair benefits, and support for people who make money on the Uber platform.

Analyzed and quantified our risks and opportunities in key markets in support of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures.

On the pages that follow, you’ll see details about our progress on these initiatives, our mission and values, and other actions we’ve taken that are integral to our environmental, social, and governance goals .

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues .

For more information surrounding our material ESG issues, please view page 76 of this report .

Working toward 100% rides in zero emission vehicles, on micromobility, or through public transit by 2040 globally.

As of Q2, 2022, there are 26,000 average monthly active zero emission vehicle drivers across the Uber platform in Canada, Europe, and the US, serving 13 .3 million trips.

Report global Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which have received limited assurance from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance.

Joined the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the Climate Pledge, and have submitted our science based target in 2022 for validation.

Achieved LEED Gold and WELL Platinum at our headquarters.

Social Driver and courier well being: Surveyed drivers and couriers through various sessions globally, asked employees (including executives) to drive and deliver in order to understand the experience better, and published transparent papers about opportunities to improve independent work.

People and culture: Published our 5th report covering human capital management, DEI issues, and more.

Local impact: Published dozens of posts, papers, and impact reports on critical ESG and stakeholder issues.

Urban use: Published analysis of the study we commissioned in 8 cities around the world on trends in urban development, transportation, and ridesharing.

Data security: Obtained important certifications and reports for core business lines (ISO 27001, SOC 2, SOC 2 Type 2).

Political activities: In 2022, we released Uber’s US Political Engagement report, which includes a summary of our US Corporate Political Activity Policy, board level oversight, and direct lobbying activities.

The kind of people who are relentless about our mission to help people go anywhere, get anything, and earn in the way that works best for them .

It pushes us to constantly reimagine how we can connect movement .

Our new company values provide the clear guidance we need to successfully achieve our mission .

We are a values led company, which means that everything we do to drive business impact is rooted in our values .

These values describe not only how we act but also what we do, the decisions we make, and where we spend our time .

Our values are uniquely Uber, and they define our culture, who we are as a company, and who we want to join us in the future .

Our goal with our culture activation work is to increase pride and connection to Uber, become a more aligned and effective organization, and ultimately achieve our mission .

We know this is a multi year goal and that it will require all of us existing employees and new team members we bring in to participate .

We want people who are inspired by our mission and values to stay and contribute to our culture over time as we continue to refine and improve what it means to be a values led organization .

Extending our values through our ESG vision A critical component of being values led is extending our values beyond our walls, into our products, our partnerships, and our interactions globally .

Our ESG vision and strategy is a key way we’re bringing our values to life across the impacts of our business, internally and externally .

ESG vision Seamless integration of ESG principles into business decision making to promote long term stockholder value and a better quality of life for our stakeholders.

Across the globe, Uber has been part of building back better amid a new normal.

We’re working with cities and NGOs, partnering with health and mobility companies, and introducing new users to Uber through a variety of new products and offerings to keep people and cities moving.

Showing up for cities in these challenging, fast changing times is how we strive to always Do the right thing.

One significant focus is on improving public health outcomes through transportation access .

Every year, an estimated 3 .6 million Americans miss healthcare appointments due to a lack of reliable transportation .

Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy .

In Washington, DC, for instance, Uber Health and Surgo Ventures partnered with 2 federally qualified health centers (Community of Hope and Mary’s Center) to launch Rides for Moms, which provides free transportation for prenatal and postnatal care appointments for up to 1,000 pregnant people .

Participants may schedule their rides either through Uber Health or using vouchers, while receiving support from transportation coordinators .

Similarly, CVS Health provided Uber Health rides to local community organizations for high need individuals who need transportation to healthcare, work, or education in Atlanta, Columbus, and Hartford .

This effort, part of CVS Health’s Health Zones initiative, meets an important need in social determinants of health by treating access as part of any individual’s overall well being .

Access to transportation and food Working to avoid missed appointments isn’t the only way Uber improves public health .

A recent Brookings Institution report found that third party delivery apps like Uber Eats help expand food access in low income neighborhoods .

Our Uber Transit partnership with Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, and medical appointments for addiction program participants .

Participants found jobs within 9 days, on average, compared with 31 days before the transit program started, while missed health appointments decreased from 75% to 19% .

Increasing access also means developing new mobility options that reflect local needs .

By building technology to make rides available with the tap of a button, Uber has helped revolutionize access to transportation .

We have continued to diversify and expand the suite of offerings available through our platform, making on demand transportation accessible to a wider cross section of urban populations while expanding the footprint of public transit and micromobility networks .

This past year has seen a rapid increase of motorcycle taxis, yellow taxis, and auto rickshaw taxis on the Uber platform .

Our Uber Moto ride option provides access to low cost motorcycle taxi rides while creating earning opportunities for drivers and couriers with a lower barrier to entry than car based options .

It’s also a popular way to fill the first last mile gap with public transit in Indian cities, a major finding of our Future of Cities India report .

This year, we launched Uber Moto in dozens of new cities, with more than 30 in Brazil alone, drawing a new rider base and increasing access to mobility for highly price sensitive users .

Across the globe, we’ve been growing our Uber Taxi ride option by launching in new cities and expanding existing operations .

Over the past year, and through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in New York, San Francisco, and Italy have set a global precedent for Uber and taxis working together .

We believe these partnerships are a win win for cities, taxi drivers and companies, and Uber by better balancing demand for rides with supply of vehicles for cities .

In addition, Uber Transit supplements fixed route service and improves paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the US and beyond .

We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s ability to maintain service across its 700 mile service area through a partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to transit hubs through their app .

Meanwhile, Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial employment center outside Chicago, to provide first last mile connections to transit and late night service across multiple transit agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program .

We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across North America .

On our quest to reduce car ownership, we provide access to a diversity of transportation options that fulfill different types of trips .

For example, micromobility including bikes and scooters is particularly suited for short trips within dense environments .

Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services can now be accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities worldwide .

Shifting to micromobility for deliveries will be one of the most meaningful ways we can keep cities moving while mitigating impacts on congestion and emissions, according to a study we commissioned from WSP .

Car Next Door, which we recently acquired, offers peer to peer car sharing in Australia for longer trips .

And we relaunched a newly designed shared rides product that’s affordable and convenient for riders and drivers .

Both services increase utilization of vehicles, either by finding uses for when the owner isn’t driving or by increasing the number of people in the vehicle when it’s in motion .

In response to the quick return to pre pandemic traffic levels in cities around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion .

In it, we explored the role that Uber and road users play, introduced principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely single occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part to help reduce congestion .

Uber actively partners with companies and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single occupant vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to support choosing green .

Working in tandem with public policies is often the most effective way of achieving shared goals .

Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 10% of the vehicle kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio across major European cities on the platform .

But this would not have been possible without the reinforcing city policies of the CC and ULEZ, which were in place before our program launched .

In regards to delivery, about 95% of merchants report that working with Uber Eats has had a positive impact on their business during the pandemic .

We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, providing 20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat Local campaign, which included 4 .5 million in small business relief grants administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which were minority owned .

When indoor dining was shut down during the pandemic, we helped reimagine parking spots and other underutilized spaces as dining destinations .

We tested some of these ideas in Harlem and Washington, DC .

One of the most compelling aspects of Uber that became evident over the last year is how we can pivot in response to changing environments .

From creating new taxi partnerships and supporting refugees fleeing conflict to navigating fluctuating public health guidelines and the resulting changes to city dining and streetscapes, Uber continues to help people get where and what they need in every community we serve .

As a company that reimagines the way the world moves for the better, creating social impact in the communities Uber serves is at the heart of our mission.

Uber embraces the use of our mobility and delivery technologies to make movement accessible to all and to increase equity.

Over the past year, Uber has helped decrease transportation barriers to COVID 19 vaccinations .

We also donated access to rides for those seeking refuge, offered meal delivery to frontline responders with Uber Eats, and transported essential goods in times of crisis with Uber Freight, among other purpose driven efforts .

Committed 10 million free rides In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world so they could travel to get vaccinated .

In the US, we partnered with organizations such as the League of United Latin American Citizens, Morehouse School of Medicine, National Action Network, and Partners in Health organizations with ties to communities of color that were disproportionately impacted by the pandemic .

Internationally, major partners included the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), and UNESCO .

Uber worked with over 280 partners who were on the front lines of vaccinating our communities in 44 countries to provide these rides .

Created the Vaccine Access Fund In addition to Uber’s original commitment of 10 million rides for vaccines, we teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access Fund in the US .

This 11 million initiative lets us fund even more rides for communities in need .

Specifically, it addresses health inequities by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where people from underserved parts of the country can learn about the vaccine from trusted contacts .

We also launched an in app feature that allows users to donate to the fund .

Through that fund, we engaged 65 active community partners in 57 cities across 21 states to provide vaccine education and rides .

Looking ahead, we’ll use remaining funds to address systemic barriers to access to health services beyond vaccines .

Partnered with the White House Uber worked with the White House to make it as easy as possible for everyone in the US to get vaccinated .

We built an easy to use in app experience, integrating vaccines .gov data directly into the Uber app, where users could find nearby available vaccination appointments from tens of thousands of local providers .

From May 24 to July 4, 2021, we offered free rides (up to 25 each) for every leg of the trip to help people get to and from their first 2 vaccinations .

Through transportation accessed through Uber Health, unemployed young adults in the Bridges to Employing Youth Program were able to receive a COVID 19 vaccination, a new requirement for many available employment positions.

This service has opened many doors to the unemployed youth who have been financially impacted by the pandemic.

Helped recovery from natural disasters Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services in response to disasters and to help with recovery .

Uber continued to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, feeding first responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber Freight .

In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, and other essential supplies to communities in distress .

Supported Afghan refugees Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with 1 million to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary housing, and other immediate needs upon arrival in the US .

We worked with key organizations such as FWD .us, the International Rescue Committee (IRC), Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, No One Left Behind, Team Rubicon, Women for Afghan Women, and other frontline organizations supporting Afghan families .

Uber also bolstered resources needed for these efforts by raising 1 .1 million through our in app donation button for IRC’s resettlement programs .

Uber matched up to 1 million of the funds raised .

Provided humanitarian assistance for Ukrainians Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

Uber donated to humanitarian agencies to feed Ukrainians and provide critical relief .

Uber also helped riders donate directly to Ukraine relief at the tap of a button in the app .

We helped power 3 .5 million in donations, including a 1 million match by Uber .

To give riders more ways to help, we also launched Uber for Ukraine, a ride product in key European markets with an added surcharge that was given to the IRC for refugee relief .

We gave over 60,000 free rides to help people fleeing the crisis move to safety within Ukraine and across the border, and to help governments and NGOs with humanitarian relief .

Anti racism education for riders and drivers In 2021, Uber made progress on our commitment to build racial equity internally and externally in our products, services, and advocacy and in communities where our riders and drivers come from .

With the goal of ridding our platform of racism, Uber rolled out anti racism and unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US .

Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to develop training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform .

Supporting Black owned businesses In 2020, Uber committed 10 million over the following 2 years to support Black owned businesses through programs with Black owned businesses directly and through partnerships with Black owned restaurants on Uber Eats .

Our main partner and advisor across our commitment to Black businesses has been EatOkra, a small Black owned business themselves, and a directory app that promotes and supports Black owned businesses .

Additionally, as part of Uber’s pledge, Uber Eats hosted a few events in Atlanta to support Black owned restaurants, including sponsoring the Taste 404 Summit in Atlanta in April 2022, which brought together owners and staff from 29 Black owned restaurants to share and learn about how to grow their businesses on and off platform .

Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want .

Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest open platforms for work, offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 10,000 cities .

Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people used Uber’s platform to earn .

In total, they generated over US 150 billion in earnings, excluding tips .

Who’s earning with Uber Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and countries they serve .

They include professional drivers, veterans, students, parents returning to work, people supplementing a primary income, and everything in between .

Share of drivers who also deliver who are female .

Open access Individuals who earn money using platforms like Uber’s do not need to wait for a job opening or even interview for a role .

While regulatory requirements vary across countries and cities, in many of Uber’s markets individuals who have documentation and licenses required by local laws and a vehicle meeting Uber’s requirements can sign up and start earning within a few days after passing a background screening .

Low barriers to entry ensure that workers from all backgrounds, regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, education, or other characteristics, have equal access to work .

This also means that platform work attracts diverse groups of workers who may have been historically marginalized from the labor market .

Control and autonomy Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real time control over their working hours, times, and locations .

There are no negotiations or minimum hours, only reasonable constraints on maximum hours to promote safety and comply with local regulations .

Working with multiple platforms Drivers and couriers working with Uber can work across multiple apps, with no restriction on how they spend their time outside of the Uber app.

The ability to work with multiple apps not only offers workers more choice, but it also fosters healthy competition among platforms.

For key examples of Board and committee oversight of ESG issues, and specifically driver and courier well being, please view page 64 of this report.

Research has shown that the majority of platform workers in the US choose to work with more than one platform .

A 2021 survey of drivers and couriers working with Uber in the US found that nearly 75% reported having worked with at least one platform other than Uber .

Delivering food or groceries (78% and 48%, compared with 62% and 10% of single appers).

Driving and or delivering full time (39%, compared with 21% of single appers).

The COVID 19 pandemic has created lasting disruption to the labor market .

According to the International Labour Organization, global working hours in 2021 were estimated at 4 .3% below pre pandemic levels, the equivalent of 125 million full time jobs lost .

Research has long suggested that platform work could help people meet their financial needs in a crisis, but COVID 19 stress tested that claim .

In early 2021, Accenture surveyed nearly 5,000 new platform workers and analyzed Uber’s data covering 7 million platform workers across 6 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, the UK, and the US) .

Accenture’s research suggests that platform work provided workers with a financial safety net, an ongoing connection to the labor market, and satisfying work that was more than a means to an end .

Platform work was an essential or important source of income They would not be able to meet financial needs without income from platform work.

Platform work acted as a secondary source of financial security.

Workers surveyed for the report who lost a job during the pandemic before starting platform work indicated that a connection to the labor market helped them maintain skills, motivation, and work habits .

Platform work can also help improve employability: 65% of people who started platform work during the pandemic agreed that they gained valuable skills that could help their future employment prospects .

In some countries where Uber operates, workers can switch between rideshare and delivery at the touch of a button .

Accenture observed use of this flexibility in response to shifts in consumer demand: in Australia, Canada, and the US, the proportion of rideshare workers completing delivery trips doubled between December 2019 and December 2020 .

In the US, 22% of drivers taking UberX trips also delivered in the last 4 weeks of 2021 .

Women and flexible work Research has shown that: Women benefit more from flexible work arrangements than their male counterparts .

Women favor jobs with more independence, shorter workweeks, less structure, and increased decision making, and they place greater importance on interpersonal relationships .

The COVID 19 pandemic affected women more than men .

The employment level for women in the US fell 18 percentage points between February and April 2020, dropping 3 .7 percentage points more than the employment level of their male counterparts .

Research has attributed the gap to child care responsibilities among women with school age children and female overrepresentation in the sectors most adversely affected .

As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women were able to rely on app based work for flexible earning opportunities especially food and grocery delivery .

During 2021, the number of women working on the Uber platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre pandemic levels .

The number of women who signed up to earn with Uber in 2021 exceeded the 2019 amount by more than 50% .

And on Uber’s growing delivery platform, the share of women among couriers also increased .

While digital apps and platforms like ours have been and continue to be powerful forces for creating economic opportunity, it’s clear that more can be done to improve the quality and security of platform work .

We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

Flexibility: The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work .

Earnings: Fair and transparent earning opportunities .

Chile: The legislature passed a law that incorporates platform workers into the government’s healthcare and pensions scheme and introduces new requirements for platform companies to guarantee earnings at 120% of the minimum wage for time spent actively working, maintain on app insurance coverage, provide couriers with safety equipment, and reconsider disputed decisions .

The bill also provides a pathway to unionization for independent contractor workers .

Benefits and protections: Access to social protections and benefits.

Washington State (US): Governor Jay Inslee signed into law a.

In November 2020, Proposition 22 passed with support from over 58% of California voters .

Prop 22 ensures that drivers and couriers working with platforms like Uber get a number of benefits, including an earnings guarantee, healthcare stipends, injury protection insurance, and safety training .

A September 2021 survey of drivers and couriers working with Uber, DoorDash, Instacart, and Lyft in California found that: that fit the work .

Voice: Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback .

Growth: Lifelong learning and development opportunities . bill drafted in collaboration with Teamsters 117 and their affiliated Drivers Union that preserves rideshare driver independence and confers new benefits such as a minimum earnings guarantee, injury protection and paid sick leave, and a process to appeal deactivations . 89% believe Prop 22 protects their freedom and flexibility.

While changes to the law may be required in many countries to ensure that platform workers are protected across apps, we’re working with our peers in the business community, wherever possible, to improve working conditions today .

Australia: We led the development of the National Safety Principles for Food Delivery Platforms and signed onto it with other food delivery platforms .

We’re committed to improving safety in the sector and upholding the principles by maintaining policies and processes in respect of training and information sharing, delivery equipment and personal protective equipment, support, consultation with workers and other stakeholders, and incident reporting and investigation, among other matters .

Japan: As a leader in the delivery industry, we partnered with the.

Japan Food Delivery Service Association and its major food delivery platform members .

In 2022, the association released Guidelines for Improving the Working Environment for Food Delivery Service Couriers, building on its Road Safety Guidelines released in 2021 .

Global: Uber signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF), a democratic, affiliate led federation of nearly 700 transport workers’ unions from 147 countries, representing 20 million workers .

The agreement allows Uber and ITF to collaborate on measures to benefit drivers and couriers, including dialogue on a variety of topics such as trade union representation, freedom of association and bargaining, working conditions, health and safety, social protections, and dispute resolution .

Canada: Uber Canada signed an agreement with Canada’s largest private sector union in the food, retail, and service sectors, United Food and Commercial Workers Canada (UFCW Canada) .

Through this agreement, UFCW Canada can provide representation if requested by drivers and couriers facing an account deactivation or other account dispute issues .

UFCW Canada and Uber will jointly advocate that provincial governments enact industry wide legislative reforms, such as a minimum earnings standard, a benefits fund, and worker rights .

Australia: Uber Australia signed a Statement of Principles with the country’s largest union in the transport sector, the Transport Workers Union (TWU) .

Our agreement expresses the fact that Uber and TWU support industry wide standards that ensure minimum and transparent enforceable earnings and benefits for platform workers, dispute resolution mechanisms, and the rights of platform workers to have an effective collective voice .

In addition to listening, Uber executives, product managers, engineers, and our CEO hit the road to understand what drivers and couriers experience daily .

They discovered pain points big and small, from in app design choices to the need for significant navigation improvements .

The feedback from these lived experiences resulted in more than 300 fixes that meaningfully improved the driver and courier experience .

We remain open and committed to working with peers, users, and industry associations to build the right representation models for platform work and to ensure accountability for delivering on commitments .

We’re committed to capturing the diverse perspectives of people who earn on our platform, listening to their opinions, and addressing and supporting their needs .

During 2021, we held over 300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers and couriers around the world and conducted more than 50 surveys to gather feedback .

We’ve doubled down on programs that enable groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on behalf of their communities so that we can make meaningful changes .

After a successful launch in Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program through which drivers and couriers elect other drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) to all 50 states .

We meet regularly with driver and courier associations in many countries and regions, including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington State (US) .

We also engage with unions in several places, including France and the UK .

Refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom Drivers and couriers need to be able to refuel, regroup, and find a bathroom when they choose to stop for a rest .

In 2021, starting in the US, we rolled out an in app feature that enables drivers and couriers to pause incoming trip requests without having to log off, to find a restroom, and to save on gas through our partnership with Upside .

Using data from GasBuddy, drivers and couriers can now use the Uber app to navigate directly to nearby gas stations and restrooms, and they can save money per gallon through cash back with Upside .

Navigate your way Drivers, including Uber Crew Members in the US, have told us that one of their biggest pain points when driving or delivering is navigation .

To help make pickups smoother, we’re now showing drivers what side of the street their pickup will be on and providing a more precise description of where to meet up .

Drivers can choose from up to 2 alternate routes and change their navigation provider within the Uber app .

We’re also working on traffic based rerouting to help make sure drivers can be confident they’re taking the least congested route .

More live support We expanded our phone support for all drivers and couriers in the US and Canada from 5 days to 7 days a week .

For Uber Pro Gold, Platinum, or Diamond drivers and couriers, live phone support is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week .

Modular onboarding When a new driver wants to both drive and deliver, we’ve made it possible for them to start delivering as soon as they meet the necessary requirements for delivery, rather than having to wait for their mobility onboarding process to complete .

Where it’s possible for us to do so, we partner locally to provide and facilitate a wide range of perks and protections for drivers and couriers, including through our Uber Pro loyalty program .

Insurance products: We partner with leading insurance companies to offer a range of protection solutions, including on app coverage for accidents and injuries while working and in some markets, income protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness .

Allianz in the UK and Europe and AXA in France, where Uber fully funds on trip and off app benefits for eligible drivers and couriers, including injury, sickness, maternity, and paternity payments .

Chubb in Australia, where Uber fully funds on app accident protection, including payments for certain common injuries, permanent disability and accidental death compensation, and reimbursement or lump sum benefits in certain events such as hospitalization or assault .

Learning and growth: We partner with academic and learning institutions to make opportunities available to eligible drivers and their family members through bachelor’s degree programs and courses on entrepreneurship, skills development, and language learning .

Rosetta Stone to provide eligible drivers and couriers around the world the opportunity to learn a new language for free .

Arizona State University (ASU) in the US has enrolled nearly 4,000 drivers, couriers, and their family members in online undergraduate degree programs through a partnership that provides 100% tuition coverage .

As of Spring 2022, more than 300 participants have graduated with a bachelor’s degree .

In addition, more than 10,000 have participated in our Upskilling program with ASU, which includes English language and entrepreneurship courses .

Endeavor and Sebrae Latin America with technical assistance from the International Finance Corporation to provide drivers and couriers with access to online micro courses in entrepreneurship, including financial education, future of work, personal marketing, time management, and customer service .

African Management Institute to offer a free learning program focused on skills development and entrepreneurship for drivers and couriers in sub Saharan Africa .

Open University in the UK to offer eligible drivers and couriers or a family member to take a fully funded undergraduate degree level course, or other short courses .

In 2021, we made it possible for drivers and couriers in many of Uber’s markets to request an achievement summary letter that details the date of their first trip or delivery, number of trips and deliveries, average customer rating, and top feedback .

Drivers and couriers can use these letters as evidence of their experience using the Uber app in job and other applications .

To date, 32,000 achievement summary letters have been downloaded since launch in mid 2021 .

Drivers’ and couriers’ experience with Uber affects their decision to go online and offer their services in Uber’s marketplaces .

Uber will continue to work tirelessly to earn the trust and business of the drivers and couriers who use our platform for work .

In 2021, we made changes to the survey methodology (including sampling design and questionnaire design), so these results cannot be compared with 2020 results .

At Uber, we embed safety into everything that we do .

We’re committed to making Uber safer for everyone using the platform .

Since 2017, we’ve doubled the size of our Safety team, made safety a core company value, and continued our investment in new safety technologies and features .

We’ve consistently raised the bar on safety for the industry by embracing an expert driven, action oriented, and transparent approach while holding ourselves accountable to the commitments we’ve made .

We are continuously investing and innovating to enhance the safety of the platform for all users .

Ensure that Uber’s safety with clear platform protocols, incidents by building new with empathy and care in approach is guided by expert strong governance, and robust technology solutions as a core times of need . screening technology . part of the app . and advocate advice as part of our commitment to building trust with the people and communities we serve .

We believe everyone has the right to a safe experience while using Uber .

Everyone who uses the app must commit to adhering to Uber’s Community Guidelines, which are centered on 3 key principles: treating everyone with respect, helping to keep one another safe, and following the law .

Uber continues to prioritize robust screening processes and technology for drivers and couriers to help strengthen the safety of our platform, and we’re proud to have applied innovative technology to enhance our overall screening initiatives .

Uber’s driver screening process consists of several identity safeguards, including a review of identity information such as a driver’s license, Social Security number, proof of insurance, and vehicle registration .

In the US, we also collect and examine a driver’s background history through a third party vendor accredited by the Professional Background Screening Association .

We have long set the standard for platform safety technology .

The Safety Toolkit, a single spot in the app where riders, drivers and couriers can access safety features during their trip .

In app Emergency Button, which connects riders, drivers and couriers directly to 911 with the push of a button and, where available, allows users to text 911 .

Phone number and address anonymization,15 which hides the personal details of riders, drivers and couriers .

Share My Trip Follow My Ride, which allow riders, drivers and couriers to share their trip with designated loved ones who can follow their trip in real time .

Verify My Ride: Riders can opt in to receiving a unique 4 digit PIN before each trip, which they provide verbally to their driver, who needs to enter it into their app to start the trip .

Speed limit alerts and driving hours tool, which help reduce speeding and fatigued driving .

RideCheck16 can detect rare events such as long stops, unexpected routes, or possible vehicle crashes and send a notification to riders and drivers to see if all is well .

Then, if needed, the app provides tools that they can use to get help .

Rider Seat Belt Alerts: To improve adoption of rear seat belt use, we began rolling out Rider Seat Belt Alerts to prompt riders to take this lifesaving step .

After a driver starts the trip, an audio tone will be emitted from the driver’s phone and riders will receive a push notification reminding them to buckle up .

Audio Recording feature in the US that allows drivers and riders to record audio during a trip .

Any recorded content is encrypted on the phone so that no one can access it without permission .

Uber can only access it if the user reports a safety incident and includes the audio file .

The feature is already available in more than dozen countries around the world .

Rider Verification: Riders who try to set up a new account with an anonymous form of payment, such as a prepaid gift card, are required to upload an ID, which undergoes a series of validity checks .

These additional verification requirements can act as a deterrent to those who are trying to use the app for theft or to harm drivers .

At Uber, we’re committed to supporting all users with empathy and care in times of need .

Reporting channels and response teams Uber receives and proactively gathers safety incident reports from more than 10 different channels, including the app, our critical safety line, social media, and law enforcement .

We encourage feedback and reporting, even though this increases the total number of safety reports we receive and need to manage, because it shows us the reality of our users’ experiences and helps us improve our safety processes and policies .

All potential safety related reports are manually reviewed by teams of specialized customer support agents for proper adjudication .

When our support teams receive safety related reports, they are triaged and classified by agents based on the description given by the reporting party, and appropriate action is then taken in each and every case .

Working with law enforcement Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

If anything happens, 24 7 support is available in the app from a specialized team of Uber agents who are trained to handle sensitive reports.

Sexual misconduct education In partnership with RAINN (Rape, Abuse Incest National Network), a national anti sexual violence organization, we developed and launched comprehensive sexual misconduct education for drivers in the US, led by real drivers .

These video modules cover a wide range of topics, including respecting privacy and personal space, conversational boundaries, and sexual assault awareness and bystander intervention they also offer resources and strategies for promoting safety on the Uber app .

Driving Change Since 2017, Uber’s Driving Change initiative has provided funding to organizations working to prevent, address, and respond to gender based violence .

This funding has supported the critical work of these organizations, including those that are survivor led and that provide culturally specific resources and support to communities .

This work includes initiatives like NO MORE’s DontStandBy bystander awareness campaign and Rise’s Survivor Safe Haven project .

Industry Sharing Safety Program When we published our first US Safety Report, we committed to finding a way to share deactivation17 data with other rideshare companies .

In 2021, we made good on that promise, launching the Industry Sharing Safety Program .

This initiative enables companies to exchange basic information about drivers who have been deactivated for serious sexual assault or physical assault fatalities to help prevent these individuals from operating on another platform .

For example, if a driver is flagged by Uber’s system and subsequently deactivated for unsafe driving, they may still be allowed to ride with Uber using the rider app .

We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety organizations, and crime prevention organizations to ensure that we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices .

We are proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs and initiatives, including those highlighted below .

Impaired driving prevention Since 2012, we have partnered with Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) to reduce drunk driving throughout the country .

Last year we launched a first of its kind coalition with MADD and Anheuser Busch to raise awareness and ultimately shift behavior when it comes to drinking and driving .

Together we reached tens of millions of people with our Decide to Ride campaign and provided discounted rides .

In addition, we partnered with the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) to support impaired driving prevention efforts in states across the country .

Bicycle delivery safety We partnered with the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) on a campaign to provide important road safety guidance to bicycle couriers using Uber Eats .

Using feedback from bicycle couriers, GHSA developed a series of safe riding tips .

The tips featured information on safe road positioning and how to safely operate and maintain a bicycle .

In addition, we launched Bicycle Friendly Driver education with the League of American Bicyclists, which is available to all drivers on the platform .

And our Bike Lane Alert feature reminds riders to watch for bicyclists before exiting the vehicle .

US Safety Reports Uber’s US Safety Reports are part of our ongoing commitment to continually improve the safety of our platform for all who use it .

These reports detail our safety policies and processes and share data on the most serious incidents that occur on our rideshare platform in the US: motor vehicle fatalities, physical assault fatalities, and sexual assaults .

As outlined in both reports (2017 2018 and 2019 2020), our data continues to show that the vast majority of trips on Uber (99.9%) are completed without any reported safety incident at all .

And yet, we recognize that even one critical incident is one too many, as it reflects the devastating personal experience of an individual using Uber .

These reports bring hard data to bear in order to drive transparency and accountability and improve safety for Uber and the entire industry .

We know that secrecy doesn’t make anyone safer, and we are committed to consistently raising the bar on safety .

Our hope is that more companies will follow Uber’s lead, commit to being transparent about critical safety incidents, and publish their own safety reports .

For a detailed review of safety policies, processes, and data, please view Uber’s US Safety Report.

We are a tech company that connects the physical and digital worlds to help make movement happen at the tap of a button .

We’ve gone from connecting rides on 4 wheels to rides on 2 wheels to freight deliveries on 18 wheels from facilitating the delivery of takeout meals to the delivery of daily essentials, groceries, and just about anything else you need when you need it .

We move quickly responding to day to day changes on the ground in 72 countries and more than 10,000 cities globally .18 We face difficult challenges and continue to reimagine the way the world moves for the better .

To work at this speed, scale, and complexity, it’s essential that we attract and retain a diverse mix of people people who are motivated and energized by our mission .

We need go getters who are looking to improve the way things work for everyone on our platform around the world .

We know we won’t be the right fit for everyone, which is why we’re committed to being clear about who we are and what it’s like to work at Uber .

We’re collecting data from employees to understand what matters to them most and why they stay and build a career here .

We are using this insight to clarify our priorities and approach, and, as a result, we’re focused on 6 differentiated employee needs: pride, belonging and equity, growth, compensation, well being, and trust .

This human capital strategy ensures that we consider the needs of our diverse workforce and continue to create an engaging, equitable, and inclusive experience in each of these critical areas .

You can see a full breakdown of our talent approach and what we’re doing to improve the employee experience in our 2022 People and Culture Report.

Hear more about what our employees have to say about working at Uber.

Our mission and values drive us as an organization, including who we attract and retain.

We want people who are inspired by our mission and share our values to join us, so they can do the best work of their career and truly have an impact on the world.

But it’s not enough to have a compelling mission and strong values on a page those have to come to life in our employees’ day to day experience.

We’re working across our organization to make sure that employees experience our values at every step of their journey, effectively meeting their needs as an individual and as part of our community.

We are hyperfocused on designing an ecosystem that enables our people and our business to thrive.

Insurance, Uber for Business previously also included New Mobility and Product Ops) . of Community Specialists at our Centers of Excellence and Greenlight Hubs .

Employees who say they are passionate about Uber’s mission.

When it comes to belonging at Uber, we strive to be the undisputed global leader in connecting diverse people and resources on the most equitable, inclusive, and safe technology enabled platform .

This is driven by our commitment to build the highest performing diverse workforce working in the most inclusive, equitable, and engaging workplace .

The philosophy starts fundamentally by attracting a diverse workforce, fostering a sense of belonging and community, driving accountability through enhanced data strategy and transparency, and amplifying that across Uber’s ecosystem .

Our original anti racist commitments During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique role and responsibility to help fight racism and, particularly, its disparate impact on the Black community .

At that time, Uber announced our commitments to become a more anti racist company .

The commitments are organized under 4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting racism with technology, driving equity in the community, and sustaining equity and belonging for all .

Through 2021, Uber has made significant strides in all 4 pillars .

The overall health of our racial equity commitments is strong, and we’re continuing to make meaningful progress .

See our 2022 People and Culture Report for more detail on our progress and accomplishments .

Continuing commitments While we have accomplished key goals, we’ll continue to maintain our focus on improving product equity and marketplace fairness with formalized teams committed to these areas .

We also will be focused on continuing progress on the remaining 12 commitments .

Uber’s Racial Equity Leadership Council (RELC), comprising 60 plus senior leaders and stakeholders across multiple functions, has designated subcommittees for each of our commitments .

Through these commitments and their governance, we’re focused on developing sustainable solutions to integrate equity into everyday business practices .

There is still a lot of work to be done, and we remain committed to the path of moving equity forward .

While we track and set targets related to specific populations and levels, we monitor our progress in hiring and retaining diverse talent across the board .

Since our last report, which included data as of March 31, 2021, we’ve seen some mixed progress in overall representation and representation in leadership .

Overall, the number of employees identifying as women globally increased 0 .3 percentage points from 2021 to 2022 .

In the US, the number of employees identifying as underrepresented people (URP) rose by 0 .6 percentage points .

The number of employees in the US identifying as Black or African American decreased 1 .0 percentage point overall from 2021 to 2022 .

In the US, Asian and Hispanic Latino populations rose by 1 .3 percentage points and 1 .9 percentage points, respectively .

We continue to focus on hiring Black or African American talent and are building more strategic partnerships for sourcing this talent as well as enforcing the Mansfield Rule .

We also know that retention is likely the greatest lever we can pull .

In addition to the sponsorship program mentioned later in this report, in 2021 we launched URP visibility forums talent reviews across many organizations where we review top Black or African American and Hispanic Latino talent to make sure they are getting the support and development they need and or are not being held back due to bias .

Additional information pertaining to workforce representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports .

Data callouts on trending progress illustrate both the net percentage point increase (calculated based on the net difference between 2019 and 2022) and the population growth (calculated based on 2022 representation percentages divided by 2019 representation percentages) .

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self report race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total employees in selected org .

Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races .

From a leadership perspective, the percentage of women in leadership overall increased 3 .8 percentage points globally .

In the US, the percentage of Black or African American leaders decreased by 0 .4 percentage points, Asian leaders by 2 .2 percentage points, and Hispanic Latino leaders by 0 .6 percentage points since 2021 .

Additional information pertaining to workforce representation data for previous years can be found in the respective reports .

We are diligent about tracking our demographic data and holding ourselves accountable for improving representation of women globally and underrepresented people (URP) in the US year over year .36 That said, incremental gains are not always linear, but in conjunction with our Board of Directors we continue to monitor the indicators and associated progress .

We have implemented different programming as noted in this report and expect over the long term to enhance our representation .

To support our commitments, in 2021 we launched a target setting pilot to identify representation targets for Senior Directors and above with teams of 100 people or more .

To address historical disparities at the company, these targets focus on increasing the representation of women globally and URP in the US, in total and at more senior levels .

Goals were initially established based on Uber’s 2020 data and the relevant labor pool .

A dashboard allows leaders to monitor algorithmic projections and variables, including hiring, attrition, and promotion, to determine DEI priorities and strategies aligned with their goals .

Relatedly, Uber launched a formal DEI strategic planning process to create a more consistent approach for keeping leadership accountable and aligning relevant teams .

Each leader now has a specific DEI strategic plan that includes factors like how to build an inclusive working environment and hire and retain women and URP .

These plans work in concert with these targets, giving leaders a more comprehensive approach to advancing DEI .

They share their progress and setbacks in group meetings 2 times per year where they can learn from one another .

Progress against these targets and DEI plans are reviewed quarterly by the CEO and his senior leadership team .

Plus, in 2021 the Board of Directors Compensation Committee amended its charter to explicitly oversee employee engagement and employee diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts .

While business leaders and managers own their own DEI strategic plans, there is overarching accountability across the organization, signaling a company wide commitment to these issues .

The inaugural year showed improvement in every category, with an increase of 1 4 percentage points in representation for women overall, women at Manager level and above, URP overall, and URP at Senior Analyst level and above, in comparison with year end 2020 .37 In order to keep our leadership teams committed to meeting our goals, we tied the compensation for our most senior executives to company wide diversity goals .

The DEI key performance indicators we established consisted of growing the percentage of women at Uber’s Manager level and above to 35% and growing the percentage of US URP at the Senior Analyst level and above to 14% by the end of 2022 .

Data is reflective of populations at year end 2020 and 2021, respectively, inclusive of annual promotions.

Annually, Uber administers a Global Self ID survey to help us get up to date data on our workforce .

This is a leading practice that helps employees continue to reflect their multiple identities, from education level and caregiver status to race ethnicity and military veteran status (where applicable) .

Each year, we refresh the questions and response options to reflect a changing world, and we endeavor to create an inclusive environment where employees feel safe to update or change their status .

The more data we have, the more we work to enhance policies and programs to meet the unique needs of various groups .

You can see more detailed data in our People and Culture Report.

In June 2021, Uber launched our version of the Mansfield Rule, a holistic recruiting strategy that measures whether we have affirmatively interviewed women, people with disabilities, military veterans, and underrepresented racial ethnic groups, with a commitment to interviewing a candidate pool that matches or exceeds market supply for diversity .

We kicked off our Mansfield Rule efforts by working to understand what the available talent market looked like for each of the countries, functions, and levels for which we hire, and we used this information to set appropriate aspirational ranges .

When we started measuring our progress in early 2021, we only met our aspirational goals for 25% of our open positions .

However, as we continue to bring better visibility, insights, and training to our Talent Acquisition teams and hold business leaders accountable for meeting their Mansfield goals, we have seen consistent progress, quarter over quarter, and are now meeting our Mansfield Rule goals 83% of the time .

Learn more about our Mansfield Rule in our white paper.

Our Drive your growth philosophy At Uber, our growth philosophy puts our employees in the driver’s seat of their growth and career development journey .

This Drive your growth philosophy is Uber’s unique approach to development and exemplifies what it means to help individuals and teams live our Go get it value .

We provide and empower employees with resources that help them drive their own growth in multiple ways and across several paths at Uber and beyond .

Explore learning opportunities relevant to them and choose where to focus, when to learn, and how to grow their skills .

Grow through on the job experience, stretch assignments, and gigs and learn in the flow of work .

Growth doesn’t always equal promotion it also happens through new opportunities, new paths, and doing different things .

Employees aren’t alone on their learning journeys, and we encourage them to leverage their teams and the broader Uber network to help guide them .

We’ve created strong mentoring and coaching programs for employees to use to their advantage .

Focus on leveraging strengths to create better opportunities .

Timely feedback is the key to achieving their goals and helping others achieve theirs .

Continuous feedback and Impact Check Ins Performance at Uber is designed to be employee centric and flexible for individual needs .

We believe feedback is key to driving growth at Uber and that understanding where you are is critical to knowing where you are going .

To support this vision, in 2021, we shifted from biannual performance feedback conversations to encouraging regular Impact Check Ins supported by ongoing timely feedback .

This shift enables us to capture feedback inputs throughout the year, allowing us to better support the needs of a constantly changing workforce .

The goal is to help employees understand their impact in real time so they know where they stand and can adapt as needed .

It also helps managers minimize recency bias so they can continue to make fair and equitable promotion and compensation decisions .

Leadership accountability We continue to evolve our approach to performance management to ensure that our outcomes are equitable, fair, and transparent .

We provide senior level leaders with visibility into aggregated demographic data and pair it with performance, promotion, and reward inputs, helping to drive greater accountability for objective decision making and equitable outcomes .

We also continue to improve alignment on performance and development by using feedback and check ins to help employees drive their growth and amplify their impact .

After surveying a representative sample of employees, we heard that 80% of employees found the program useful and 82% were satisfied overall .

Uber is a school of experience, and we’re committed to developing and growing our employees .

Our Talent Mobility team helps achieve this through our programs designed to provide new perspectives, new skills, and new experiences .

We want to create the ultimate career development experience through partnership, development, and innovation .

We aren’t just hiring for the roles that exist at Uber today we’re also looking for talent who can learn and grow with us as we anticipate the needs of tomorrow and shape the future of our company .

Internal transfers (permanent moves) is our biggest program .

We’ve democratized the process and enable employees to search and subscribe to roles managers locations for new jobs when they’re posted .

We enable transfers from L1 (entry level) through L8 (executive Senior Director) and provide relocation support .

We have room to grow and improve this program, but we’re especially proud of our consistency in filling open requisitions with internals in the 30% range over the last 3 years .

Last year, we launched an internal Talent Marketplace that connects employees directly to hiring managers for short term, gig opportunities .

We define gigs as high impact projects, 5% 15% of an employee’s time, up to 3 months in duration .

By making it easy for employees to find and take on short term, experiential project assignments, we believe we’ll increase opportunities for employees to explore career options and grow their skills, improving employee perception of growth opportunities and improving retention .

In addition, managers gain access to a larger, more diverse talent pool and leverage unique skills not traditionally seen by or accessible to their teams .

Participating in gigs gives employees the opportunity to learn by doing, to develop skills while working on projects they wouldn’t normally be exposed to, and to build a network across the company (many gigs are cross team and cross border) .

It’s one of many ways to pursue career development at Uber with a low barrier to entry .

We’re creating pathways for Uber customer support staff, many of whom identify as underrepresented people, to advance their careers within Uber .

The Community Specialist Team (CST) in Motion program focuses on bringing our frontline customer support agents, known as Community Specialists, into corporate roles .

Community Specialists interact daily with people who use our platform, so they get to know the business from within, making them excellent potential talent for many other roles at Uber .

We run interview preparation sessions, organize career fairs, and set up short term assignment opportunities so that Community Specialists have the support they need to make a career transition at Uber .

We have an annual commitment that 10% of our non tech openings should be filled with customer support employees .

In 2021, our first full year after making this commitment, we reached 9 .5% globally .

Our work philosophy The world of work has changed significantly in the last 2 years, and in response we’ve evolved our work philosophy to reflect all that we’ve learned and what we believe will produce the best results for our employees and our business going forward .

Our work philosophy is centered around employee choice .

We trust employees and managers to do the right thing, and we give them the freedom to choose to work where they are most productive, in alignment with the demands of their job and the practices of their individual team .

As we transition to this new way of working together, we’ll monitor work applications and approval ratings to ensure fairness by gender, race ethnicity, and location .

Fully remote Does not visit the office except for occasional summits, client meetings, etc.

Global employee benefits The best teams are built with diverse ideas, identities, ethnicities, experiences, and education .

As our value of Great minds don’t think alike expresses, when we reflect the incredible diversity of the people who connect on our platform, we make better decisions that benefit the world .

This is why our benefits programs are built with diversity as a guiding principle .

We know that everyone has different needs at different times in life, and our programs support our employees wherever they are and whatever they need .

Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s culture .

Our benefits offering provides market specific choice, gives access to robust mental health and family building programs, and encourages overall employee well being, all with the employee experience at the core .

Our Employee Relations team supports our most valuable resource: Uber’s people .

With a global team of ER partners, we enable a safe and productive work environment so everyone can live Uber’s core values .

We do this by resolving workplace challenges and improving the employment practices that affect our people .

We’ve established a comprehensive investigations program to address potential violations of Uber’s employment policies .

Employees have a variety of reporting channels available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with the option to be anonymous .

The ER team promptly reviews all concerns and takes appropriate steps to address them .

Uber aims to have a safe, healthy, sustainable work environment for all employees, contractors, and guests that will empower them to do their best work while reimagining the way the world moves for the better .

Stand for safety is a core company value that extends beyond our platform and to our employees .

Uber commits to always upkeep our health and safety standards to help prevent injuries and illnesses at the workplace or while performing work related activities .

Through our relentless pursuit of sustainability, we strive for the rational use of natural resources, avoiding harm to the environment and, as is practicably reasonable, reducing the environmental impact of our operations .

As a standard, our management systems adhere to all legal requirements at federal, state, and local levels as well as to any international or internal Uber requirements .

In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes across race and gender demographics .

For the last 2 years (2020 and 2021), women at Uber globally earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions .

In that same time period in the US, in aggregate, employees from underrepresented racial backgrounds earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by non underrepresented peers at the same job level .

We will continue to focus on maintaining this important measure of pay equity going forward .

Read more about how our executives are held accountable for pay equity in our 2022 Proxy Statement.

As part of our commitment to transparency and our aim to reach for the highest standards on climate emissions accounting, planning, and disclosure, we conducted an analysis aligned to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) .

A breakdown of this analysis can be found later in this section and is referenced throughout .

In addition, we have joined the Science Based Targets initiative and the Climate Pledge, committing to net zero emissions by 2040 .

In 2021, we published an Environmental Policy, which covers our oversight around core areas such as emissions, energy, water, materials, chemicals and waste, products, suppliers and contractors, engagements, and mergers and acquisitions .

Because it’s the right thing to do for our business and for all those who rely on our platform .

We believe that getting there benefits our investors, our employees, our users, the cities we serve, and the planet as a whole .

We started this journey in 2020 with a set of core commitments .

We’re aiming to be net zero by 2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions .

As part of getting there we have set an ambitious goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger mobility platform to be completed in zero emission vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and by 2040 in every market we operate in globally .

Research shows that ZEV drivers using our app deliver outsized community benefits, because when rideshare drivers switch to ZEVs, they can deliver 3 to 4 times greater emissions savings than average car owners .

However, most drivers still face significant financial barriers to going electric .

Our SPARK Report, released in 2020, details the total cost of ownership (TCO) challenges most drivers in Europe face that can prevent a rapid transition to ZEVs .

To begin chipping away at these barriers, Uber is the first and only global mobility tech company to commit 800 million in total resources to help hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to EVs .

To date, we have provided 245 million through a combination of direct incentives, savings from partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, designed to support vehicle acquisition .

To help reduce the higher TCO and accelerate an equitable transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: education, incentives, savings, and advocacy .

Our December 2021 update and concurrently released Climate Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an in depth review of the initial actions we’re taking, investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

As a tech platform with minimal direct asset ownership, we’re counting on governments and other industry players to take actions that dovetail with our own to support drivers’ fair transition to ZEVs .

More ambitious GHG abatement and ZEV policies established by governments and new ZEV technologies introduced by industry, especially when combined with our mobility marketplace interventions, can make a large impact on reducing transportation sector emissions .

ClimatePerformanceTrust2022 ESG Report Our TCFD analysis of driver economics in London, alongside a number of external studies, shows that economics can be favorable for ZEVs in a number of future scenarios where government policy and industry progress combine to create wins for drivers .

Today, ZEVs remain out of reach for drivers who lack off street parking or at near home charging options (which is the vast majority of London drivers who use our app, according to surveys) .

Hybrid internal combustion engine (ICE) cars, especially used hybrids, make the most economic sense for the majority of drivers today .

Future scenarios show that EV drivers who rely more on rapid charging can realize cost competitive economics sometime between 2025 and 2030 .

All scenarios show that London’s world class Congestion Charge policy, which currently exempts EVs, goes a long way to helping more drivers realize the lowest costs in ZEVs compared to traditional ICE cars and hybrids .

Our Clean Air Plan focuses on helping drivers overcome higher acquisition costs so they can make the switch to electric sooner and realize higher net earnings than were possible in an ICE vehicle .

As of Q1 2022, 11 .9% of the miles driven on our platform in London are completed in ZEVs, up from 5 .5% in Q1 2021 .

Furthermore, in the long term, electricity prices and availability of EV infrastructure play a large role in EV adoption .

This is why we’re working with industry partners and governments to improve both the coverage of and access to reliable, affordable charging .

As part of this effort, we’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

Our TCFD analysis shows that aggressive decarbonization across society can open opportunities such as a lower total cost of ownership for drivers and an increased corporate customer preference for zero emission transport options.

It results in warming of 1 .8 degrees above pre industrial levels by 2100 .

Uber is empowering consumers to choose green and car free products .

We offer more green and car free ride options than any other global mobility platform, providing no and low emission rides today in 100 metropolitan markets .

Uber Green, our EV and hybrid rides option, is the most widely available on demand mobility solution in the world for no or low emission rides .

It’s currently offered across 3 continents, 18 countries, and 120 cities .

So far in 2022, we’ve launched Uber Green in Spain, Jordan, and Poland, and we’ve expanded the availability of this ride option in many of our biggest markets such as London .

We’ve also committed to ensuring that Uber Green is available at the same price as our core Uber ride options everywhere our platform is available .

Finally, we’ve launched a new EV only option for riders called Uber Comfort Electric .

This option allows riders to request a trip in a premium EV such as a Tesla or Polestar .

As of June 2022, Uber Comfort Electric is available in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, and Dubai, and we plan to expand to other cities over the course of 2022 .

In Europe specifically, we have some standout cities.

In London, we have doubled the number of fully electric vehicles since the launch of Uber Green in March 2021, with 90% of all new drivers who join our platform doing so with a fully electric car.

In Paris, where we have focused on progressively removing diesel vehicles, 45% of all kilometers on the platform are covered in EVs or petrol hybrids, up from 15% just 2 years ago.

In Lisbon, fully electric kilometers make up over 12% of kilometers traveled on the platform.

Electrifying cars is not the only way to enable a sustainable mobility future, and that’s why we’re also expanding options for our users to go car free via micromobility and connecting to public transport .

Micromobility including bikes and scooters is particularly well suited for short trips within dense environments .

Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded the availability of bikes and scooters to more than 170 cities in 11 countries .

We offer transit agencies many ways to complement their public transit routes, including first and last mile solutions and paratransit options .

We’ve increased our transit partnerships by 88% since 2020, and are now working with 40 major agencies .

We expanded our Journey Planning to 43 cities globally, including Barcelona, Brussels, and London .

Transit is now available in 6 European cities (Barcelona, Brussels, Lisbon, London, Paris, and Rome) with in app ticketing in London (Uber Boat by Thames Clippers) .

For more on all the ways you can leave your car at home and use Uber, whether that means accessing a bus, a bike, or even a taxi, please visit the Impact section of this report .

Uber aims to lead our industry on transparent reporting and other environmental, social, and governance (ESG) corporate best practices .

As part of working toward this goal, we’re now reporting emissions across Scopes 1, 2, and 3 covering all lines of business globally .

Tank to wheel emissions in Scope 3 are assigned to Category 11: Use of sold products .

These emissions form the majority of our total footprint .

The bulk of these emissions are coming from Uber’s mobility business .

This aligns with our hypothesis around emissions categorization, and it’s why it is critical that we focus on reducing the emissions intensity of trips happening on the platform .

In fact, and according to our TCFD analysis, both Uber’s biggest climate related risk and its greatest opportunity center on our ability to meet our electrification goals .

Source: Uber Sustainability, DEFRA emissions factors for advanced users 2021 .

In 2021, we released our second Climate Assessment and Performance Report .

The use of zero emission vehicles (ZEVs) on Uber more than doubled in the first year after making our commitment in Fall 2020.

Drivers are shifting to ZEVs fastest in Europe, at over 4 .5x the rate of the general public.

The carbon intensity of trips on Uber in the US and Canada is 34% lower than the carbon intensity of traditional taxis that do not use e hail technology.

Since we released this second report, we have continued to make rapid progress .

In Q2 2022, 13 .3 million ZEV trips were completed on the Uber platform .

Furthermore, as of Q2 2022, we had 26,000 monthly average active ZEV drivers on the Uber platform .

This figure represents a 3 .0 percentage point increase of on trip miles completed in ZEVs across our 7 focus European countries, and a 2 .2 percentage point increase in the US and Canada vs . Q2 2021 .

Data was derived from analysis of internal Uber administrative data and external data from DataOne and DAT Group .

Germany, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States .

ZEV drivers on the Uber platform refers to the number of drivers completing at least one trip using our app in a given month, averaged over all the months in the reporting period .

We’re taking a lot of what we have learned from our mobility business and applying it to our delivery business while recognizing that the delivery of food, groceries, and other products presents its own challenges .

Couriers Thanks to our experience on the mobility side of the business, we have a headstart on vehicle emissions reduction and recognize that there are further opportunities for Uber’s delivery platform .

We will support couriers in transitioning to greener vehicles, whether they’re switching within their current mode (moving from motorbikes to electric scooters, for example) or switching from cars to 2 wheel vehicles (mode switching) .

Mode switching is a key lever for Uber to reach our emissions intensity reduction goals, as 2 wheel vehicles can be up to 40% less carbon intensive than 4 wheel vehicles .41 We also achieve greater efficiency through product features such as order batching, which reduces total journey time .

In order to demonstrate economic benefits for couriers transitioning to 2 wheel vehicles, we are partnering with cities and policymakers to remove infrastructure, policy, and cultural barriers to adoption .

We have a number of local partnerships in place to help reduce the cost and encourage the adoption of e mopeds and bikes .

This includes Zoomo in the US and UK, Gogoro in Taiwan, and Adie and Decathlon in France .

These partnerships are aimed at providing discounts on the purchase or rental of e bikes, helping couriers access government subsidies for electric vehicles, and assisting with financing e bike purchases .

Merchants We aim to help our merchant partners reduce packaging waste associated with delivery .

In 2019, we were one of the first companies to offer a global default opt out for utensils and cutlery within the app.

This initiative has enabled the Uber Eats business to support merchant partners in substantially reducing utensils waste.

In many of the countries we operate in, we offer access to sustainable packaging options .

In the United Kingdom, we partnered with Enviropack to support restaurants and stores in delivering in a sustainable way .

We’re trialing reusable packaging in other countries, including Chile, Germany, and Switzerland, and aim to broaden our approach as the program expands .

Uber Eats users We aim to be a platform that champions green choices by giving users the option to choose more sustainable options .

For example, in France, we created an in app Sustainable Packaging search category, added a label on sustainable restaurants’ menus, and ran marketing campaigns to surface these restaurants and provide a discount for ordering from them .

We’re also expanding partnerships that allow customers to opt for reusable packaging with their order, resulting in fewer single use items .

And to reduce delivery emissions, we offer Uber Eats users the option to pick up their food directly from the merchant by walking or biking .

We help communities and the planet thrive by simplifying the movement of goods while accelerating to a zero emission platform.

Considering the dynamics of the freight industry and technology constraints at this stage, we closely monitor policies and signposts for technology adoption while we develop our long term freight strategy .

We simplify the movement of goods to help communities thrive .

However, the environmental impact of freight is undeniable .

We estimate that our freight business is 10x more emissions intensive than our mobility or delivery businesses .

Trucking is the most energy intensive mode of ground transportation, accounting for 9% of CO2 emissions in the United States alone .

Heavy duty trucks primarily use diesel engines and move very heavy loads .

Moreover, carriers typically accrue a lot of deadhead miles .

Research shows that for about 15 30% of the miles carriers drive, their trucks are empty .

This is why it's important for us to help communities and the planet thrive by becoming a zero emission platform .

Our TCFD analysis of freight in the US found that levers such as occupancy and load improvement, as well as deadhead and idling reduction can decrease emissions by increasing efficiency .

These can be implemented along with fuel train switch and modal shifts (e .g ., from road to rail) to reduce transition risk from carbon pricing in the short term .

In fact, our own analyses have shown that Uber Freight load bundles reduce deadhead by almost 23% .

In 2021, Uber completed the acquisition of Tupelo Parent, Inc (Transplace) .

Transplace already offers less emission intensive options such as Optipro, which focuses on coloading, and Lanehub, which focuses on reducing deadhead miles through their logistics engineering and network services solutions .

As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces are matched with 100% renewable electricity .

We accomplished this with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in Texas, which Uber helped finance through a 12 year virtual power purchase agreement .

LEED and WELL certified buildings At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, resulting in spaces that support the health of both people and planet .

These efforts highlight improved air and water quality, acoustic and thermal comfort, energy efficiency, daylighting and dynamic lighting, sustainable building materials, waste reduction, and physical and mental wellness support .

Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL certifications across numerous locations.

Uber Mission Bay 1 2: LEED Gold BD C, WELL Gold, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Uber Mission Bay 3 4: LEED Gold v4 ID C, WELL Platinum, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Sunnyvale: LEED Gold v4 ID C, WELL Platinum, WELL Health Safety Rating.

Engaging employees around sustainability Based on our employee experience survey, over 50% of employees are aware and supportive of Uber’s environmental sustainability commitments .

Alongside our consumer facing initiatives, we also hosted a series of climate themed events in a dedicated week long engagement centered on Earth Day .

This spanned our entire global employee base and featured guest speakers, leadership panels, and line of business specific presentations .

During the course of the week, we engaged several hundred employees from across the globe .

We also hosted a 5 week global hackathon focused on climate innovation, called Go Get Green, which attracted over 80 team submissions and involved over 300 participants from across the company .

Sustainability in our workplaces Uber is committed to sustainability within our global workplaces .

With nearly 5 .8 million square feet of office space housing 21,000 employees globally, Uber prioritizes sustainable, healthy, and inclusive workplaces for our employees and the communities we serve .

Emissions and renewable energy Uber is investing in a carbon free future and carbon neutrality for our global workplaces and has committed to net zero emissions from corporate operations by 2030 .

We are actively reducing emissions from Uber offices and data center operations as we make progress on this 2030 goal .

Uber committed to offsetting 100% of energy use in our US offices with renewable energy by 2025 and expanding to match the energy use in our global corporate operations with renewable energy by 2030 .

Currently, close to 50% of our data center electricity consumption is matched with renewable energy, and going further, environmental considerations are included in our data center Includes physical data centers, excludes cloud providers .

We recognize the importance of our supply chain, and in holding those accountable to the standard needed for the world to see true sustainable partnerships .

Our Supplier Code of Conduct provides our suppliers with guidance around operating ethically .

In 2022, Uber is seeking to launch a supply chain sustainability program to measure the sustainability performance of our key technology suppliers .

We aim to expand this program across our non technology suppliers in 2023 .

Corporate clients are increasingly expressing interest in various ESG related issues .

Globally, 60% of our strategic partners have subscribed to the Science Based Targets initiative .

At Uber, our enterprise clients ask us to disclose our ESG performance through CDP, EcoVadis, and other rating platforms .

Uber is proud to serve as a sustainability partner for our clients worldwide .

We’re building a dashboard that will let our clients track the CO2 emissions from Uber trips that their employees take .

Among the other ways we’re helping our Uber for Business clients lower their footprint, we highlight our Uber Green ride option as a cleaner business travel alternative in our business mobility programs .

Related to meal programs, Uber for Business offers teams the ability to create group orders on Uber Eats, which cuts down on travel and improves delivery efficiency .

All our initiatives help support our clients’ environmental journeys and play an important role in engaging their employees by reaffirming their corporate commitment to a more sustainable future .

When you sign a contract with Uber, you’re aligning your organization with a company that is working around the clock to partner with cities, tackle climate change, and lead the industry to zero emissions.

Good governance is key to achieving our climate change goals .

The governance section of this ESG report highlights how our Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and senior management have overseen and managed our climate change strategy and risk management .

See our 2022 Proxy Statement and page 64 of this ESG report for additional detail on the governance of sustainability matters .

The Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) oversees environmental sustainability, including climate change strategies .

The NGC periodically receives updates on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning climate and emissions related developments and receives reports on Uber’s climate change commitments and reporting .

Uber’s SVP of Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of Marketing and Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change related issues and policies within the company .

Our Chief Legal Officer oversees the company’s ESG strategy and engagement efforts, in addition to reporting that is responsive to the recommendations of SASB and the TCFD .

In 2022, our CEO’s compensation is tied to the achievement of climate related objectives .

Uber’s global Sustainability Team, led by our Global Head of Sustainability, brings together leaders from operations, product and engineering, policy, communications, marketing, business development, legal, workplace, and data science functions .

This cross functional group is responsible for charting our path to net zero by 2040 and operationalizing this road map across all lines of business and functions .

Our ESG Working Group brings together employees across the Mobility, Delivery, Freight, Policy, Workplace, People, Finance, Data Science, and Legal teams that work together to guide our sustainability strategy, reporting, and other aspects of our sustainability and ESG efforts .

TCFD is a risk reporting framework for businesses to use when disclosing the impact of climate change and climate transitions on their operations .

Best practice TCFD reports use climate scenario analysis to quantify, where possible, a business’s risks and opportunities in different possible futures, under different possible levels of climate warming .

Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario specific data with Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities across Uber in specific geographies .

This exercise is not a forecast of the future, a financial planning exercise, or a portfolio capital allocation recommendation .

In line with TCFD recommendations, analysis focuses on breadth over precision in quantifying any given risk or opportunity .

Given the wide range of outcomes, subsequent decarbonization planning should be approached as a future under uncertainty problem .

We recognize that while our analysis is thorough in comparison to those of our peers, there are limitations that we look to enhance in future disclosure .

Forecast Policy Scenario (FPS) in which we achieve warming of 1 .8 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 based on a high conviction policy based forecast of announced responses to climate change and related implications for energy, vehicles and carbon prices .

Required Policy Scenario (RPS) in which we cap warming to 1 .5 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 .

It augments FPS announced policies to ensure achievement of Paris Alignment warming goals, quantifying strong impacts from transitional risks (e .g ., carbon prices) and innovation .

It is included to reflect the net zero pathway many governments and companies have publicly committed to .

These low carbon transition scenarios are produced by the Principles for Responsible Investment’s Inevitable Policy Response initiative (IPR) and offer a deep analysis on specific climate related policies .

Scenarios account for institutional and technology readiness and are benchmarked and updated on a regular basis to reflect new developments .

Key outputs from IPR used in this TCFD analysis include carbon prices, ICE vehicle sales bans, and vehicle stock projections.

The analysis also included a business as usual (BAU) scenario, in which we see warming of 3 4 degrees over pre industrial levels by 2100 .

It assumes the world fails to introduce more stringent climate policies beyond what is already legislated, and is included due to the higher impact of physical risks .

In this scenario, the current trajectory of zero emission vehicle cost decline continues, but currently active policies remain insufficient to achieve net zero .

Key outputs from the BAU model used in the TCFD analysis include vehicle CAPEX and OPEX components, vehicle efficiency, and vehicle stock projections .

The scenarios vary on key dimensions relevant to Uber, including level of carbon price (higher in decarbonization scenarios) and date of ICE vehicle sales bans (sooner in decarbonization scenarios) .

Price of oil is lower in decarbonization scenarios, reflecting a drop in demand as the economy shifts away from fossil fuels .

Amount of capital investment in the electricity grid also varies, with higher amounts of investment needed to incorporate more renewable generation sources in decarbonization scenarios .

Climate related risks and decarbonization opportunities are informed by those described in Uber’s 2021 ESG report, supplemented by stakeholder interviews.

Internal experts, including leaders across the company, were consulted to select the risks and opportunities prioritized in this year’s TCFD reporting .

Risks include transition risk from direct and indirect climate regulation such as carbon pricing, factors that influence the economic parity of zero emission vehicles, and physical impacts from extreme weather events .

Opportunities build on Uber’s sustainability commitments, focusing on customer willingness to pay, better access to financing for decarbonizing companies, and offering green transportation options to position Uber as a climate leader .

Scenario analysis is used to quantify key risks and opportunities, building upon Uber’s previous qualitative analysis .

For example, analysis on the total cost of ownership (TCO) of a vehicle uses Uber specific assumptions around driver earnings and total kilometers driven, which are combined with scenario specific assumptions around carbon price, oil price, and electricity price .

Along with vehicle capital expenditure costs, these operational expenditure inputs are used to estimate the per kilometer cost of owning and operating a vehicle in different possible futures .

Case studies for mobility and delivery are built around the UK because of its leading climate policy and importance as an Uber market.

Freight centers around the US, which is Uber’s largest freight market.

Uber believes it is largely insulated from the most severe physical and transitional risks related to climate change because it has minimal physical assets and manages a very responsive marketplace across all its lines of business.

Uber’s most significant transition related risk and opportunity is its ability to meet its goals of achieving 100% electrification in mobility by 2030 and being net zero company wide by 2040.

As a tech platform with minimal direct asset ownership, Uber is very dependent on economy wide GHG abatement policy and technology to accelerate decarbonization.

Aggressive decarbonization across society would open opportunities by increasing corporate customers’ willingness to pay for zero emission transport across all business lines as corporations strive to meet their own decarbonization targets and offset carbon costs.

At the same time, Uber may face some short term acute physical impacts from events such as flooding and high winds, although, historically, the impacts from such events have been short lived.

For more information on our environmental sustainability and climate change efforts at Uber, visit https: www.uber.com about sustainability.

Below are brief definitions of climate related transition risks, physical risks, and opportunities that may affect Uber’s business or operations over the short, medium, or long term.

Many risks and opportunities are interrelated and may overlap.

Carrier barriers: Battery EV and greener vehicle supply markets, supportive charging and green refueling infrastructure, government regulations and incentives, and other factors will contribute to the economic and perceptual switching costs carrier fleets face for switching to lower emission vehicles .

Direct climate regulation: Direct climate related policy and regulation on Uber, such as California’s Clean Miles Standard, which regulates transport network companies (TNCs), including Uber, on emissions resulting from and electric vehicles used to serve rides booked on TNC passenger mobility apps .

Driver courier barriers: Battery EV and greener vehicle supply markets, supportive charging and green refueling infrastructure, government regulations and incentives, urban land use policies, consumer preferences, and other factors will contribute to the economic and perceptual switching costs drivers and couriers face for switching to lower emission vehicles .

Human capital: Challenges to employee acquisition, retention, and productivity if Uber does not meet expectations for climate change impacts .

Indirect climate and vehicle emissions related regulation: Policies including fees, taxes, fuel or engine type urban access restrictions, and other regulations that impact drivers’ , couriers’, and carriers’ total cost of vehicle ownership or acquisition and, by extension, likelihood of using Uber’s app to offer mobility services .

Loss of B2B customers: Loss of B2B customers (e .g ., Uber for Business clients, shippers) who have made low carbon commitments and or net zero pledges that Uber does not meet .

Loss of riders and Uber Eats users: Consumer preferences including increased demand for sustainable goods and services additionally, lower demand, higher acquisition costs and lower retention due to increased prices resulting from increased supply chain, compliance, and driver acquisition costs due to climate related impact .

Platform adaptability: High cost to adapt platform for EV transition and to meet expectations and requirements of stakeholders .

Reporting requirements: Greater reporting requirements and associated costs .

Reputation impacts: Losing business to competing forms of transportation reputational risks based on stakeholder perceptions, and performance relative to competitors .

Supply chain impacts: Higher costs as a result of indirect supply chain impacts (e .g ., IT infrastructure, vendors) and direct supply chain impacts (e .g ., shortage of raw materials) .

Corporate operations: Uber’s offices and infrastructure may face operational disruptions and rising costs due to extreme weather events .

Human capital: Uber’s employees may face health and safety risks, and cost of health and other insurance may rise due to extreme weather, both chronic and acute .

Service impacts: Uber’s service may face disruption due to extreme weather events, including infrastructure impacts (roads, bridges, electricity) .

This may negatively impact Uber’s revenue and users’ access to earning on the platform .

Chronic weather changes may also affect the density of city centers .

Access to capital: Debt becomes more affordable as climate related factors are factored into pricing .

Climate advocacy: Build partnerships with policymakers to support EV and low carbon transition .

Community resilience: Assess likelihood of and plan ahead for climate disasters in communities, and provide support during extreme weather events, including public transit agencies, logistics and movement of people and things .

Multi modal transit: Further integrate with multi modal transit .

Recruitment and retention: Improve ability to more effectively recruit and retain high quality talent looking for a climate conscious company .

Reputation building: Be the rideshare and delivery option of choice for green transport, and develop reputation as a climate leader .

Shareholder value: Some investors will prefer Uber as a result of positive climate performance .

Strategy and planning: Further integrate climate risks and opportunities into business strategy and planning decisions .

Our Board of Directors is committed to best in class corporate governance and firmly believes that we must be transparent with, and accountable to, our stockholders with respect to our culture, governance, and corporate responsibility .

In our journey to build out a world class public company governance structure, we have strengthened and developed a Board of Directors with a diverse set of backgrounds, skills, and experiences .

Our Board recognizes the importance of a comprehensive self assessment framework for maintaining optimal Board effectiveness and to ensure each individual director is able to effectively discharge his and her duties in supporting the company and its objectives .

Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees ongoing review of the performance of our Board, committees, and each individual director, including oversight of the annual self evaluation process and the implementation and review of our corporate governance guidelines .

Annual evaluations: Every year, each director participates in evaluations of the Board, each standing committee, and each individual director that allow for individual director feedback, and promote collective discussion on a number of important topics relating to the Board and the company, including the effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and each individual director .

The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this annual self evaluation process, which is led by our Independent Chairperson and provides the Board and each director with valuable and diverse insights into the performance of the Board, including opportunities for improvement .

The components of the self evaluation process are outlined in the box to the right .

Preparation and questionnaires Written questionnaires evaluating the Board, each committee, and each individual director are prepared, finalized, and reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee .

The questionnaires are then distributed to each director and cover a range of topics, including the Board’s role, composition, and committee structure its focus on the company’s leadership and succession planning, operations and strategy, and risk management and the Board’s and each committee’s meetings and materials .

A separate questionnaire is also included so each director can offer feedback on every other director’s strengths and opportunities for improvement, and evaluate whether such director is effective in serving on the Board .

Summary of the written evaluations Each director returns the completed questionnaires confidentially to the company’s outside counsel, which aggregates the individual responses and provides a written summary of the evaluation results to the Independent Chairperson and the Chief Executive Officer .

One on one discussions The Independent Chairperson discusses the aggregated feedback on the Board, each committee, and each individual director with each director via individual one on one meetings encouraging candid discussion about the performance of the Board, each committee, and each director .

Summary review and feedback The Independent Chairperson reviews the summary and results of the evaluation process with the Nominating and Governance Committee at its next regular meeting .

The Nominating and Governance Committee reports to and leads a discussion with the Board in executive session regarding the performance and effectiveness of the Board, each committee, and each director .

Using the summary and evaluation results as a guide, the Independent Chairperson leads a discussion with the Board about possible focus areas and proposed actions, which are then communicated to the company’s senior management, as appropriate .

Ongoing efforts The Board implements and monitors any agreed upon next steps and is encouraged to provide real time feedback throughout the year outside of the formal evaluation process .

Board and committee executive sessions are held at every regular meeting to identify any related issues and review the status of proposed actions .

The Board assesses the progress made in areas targeted for improvement from the prior year’s evaluation as part of its annual self assessment process .

The ESG issues identified in our assessment are important to the long term success of our business and our business strategy .

As such, and as appropriate, they are overseen by Uber’s Board of Directors and the Board’s independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees .

Below is a high level summary of how the Board and its committees have overseen these key issues in 2021 and early 2022 .

Audit Committee: Audit Committee reporting and or sessions about a variety of ethics and compliance matters, including integrity helpline metrics and a review of our risk profile including, without limitation, with respect to cybersecurity and privacy matters conducting threat environment and vulnerability assessments, managing cyber incidents, pursuing projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, and working closely with our privacy and cybersecurity legal team .

Compensation Committee: Amended our Compensation Committee charter to clarify that DEI is under the purview of the Compensation Committee .

Nominating and Governance Committee: Amended our corporate governance guidelines to explicitly incorporate Nominating and Governance Committee oversight of directors’ external Board commitments, including Board chair and lead director roles on public company boards, and an annual review of such commitments to ensure such commitments do not impair directors’ ability to serve on our Board .

Climate change: Uber’s Board of Directors and Nominating and Governance Committee periodically receive updates on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning climate and emissions related developments, and they receive reports on Uber’s climate change commitments .

Uber’s SVP of Mobility and Business Operations and the SVP of Marketing and Public Affairs share responsibility for climate change related issues and policies within the company .

These executives oversee the work of the Global Head of Sustainability, who is responsible for measuring Uber’s emissions footprint, evaluating potential related business and regulatory risks (such as limits on emissions), and assessing options for emissions reduction .

Uber’s Executive Leadership Team reviews Uber’s major climate commitments and endorses emissions reduction programs .

COVID 19 response: Each of our committees continued to provide oversight over their areas of responsibility as it related to the pandemic .

For example, the Compensation Committee, in exercising its oversight of human capital management, provided oversight with respect to, among other things, employee well being and support, workforce reductions and attrition, and the transition to remote and flexible work in the context of the pandemic as well as guidance on return to office policies which continued to evolve through the course of the pandemic .

The Nominating and Governance Committee provided oversight during the pandemic with respect to stockholder feedback on a range of sustainability and related matters including our response to COVID 19, while also overseeing the addition of four new directors since the start of 2020 .

The Audit Committee also continued to provide oversight over the impact of, and our response to, the pandemic as it related to various aspects of overall risk management including impact on our global compliance and enterprise risk management efforts .

The Board and its committees maintained all regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, and held additional special meetings as needed, throughout the pandemic .

Driver and courier well being: Uber’s Board of Directors considers the well being and status of drivers and couriers, in some form, at nearly every Board meeting .

Driver and courier satisfaction, retention, and classification are among the issues considered by the Board when evaluating Uber’s risk management processes and when guiding strategy or reviewing major plans of action .

The Compensation Committee tied executive compensation for our most senior executives to the achievement of driver and courier satisfaction and retention metrics in addition to safety improvement metrics .

Employee diversity, equity, inclusion, and culture: The Board receives quarterly reports from the Office of Diversity and Inclusion regarding Uber’s progress toward its diversity goals .

There is also an annual organizational review that includes succession planning and a talent review .

The Compensation Committee considers diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) metrics when developing compensation plans and includes DEI and cultural goals as metrics in the compensation for Uber’s most senior executives .

The Compensation Committee also receives summaries of employee engagement survey results and related matters .

At the management level, our CEO meets with each of his direct reports quarterly to review progress against DEI operating targets and plans .

The CEO also meets with our employee resource group (ERG) leaders regularly, including once a year with all ERG leads together to review plans and budget requests .

Ethics and compliance: The Board and its committees play a critical role in overseeing how we develop and maintain the workplace culture that we want .

Uber’s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO) and our Global Head of Internal Audit meet with the Audit Committee quarterly regarding the state of compliance and ethics, internal investigations, and the operation of the company’s Integrity Helpline .

Aspects of the compliance and ethics program are incorporated into the performance evaluations of executive officers, while company culture is overseen by the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee .

The CECO and the Global Head of Internal Audit report to the CLO and CFO, respectively, and work with the company’s executive leadership team (ELT) as part of our enterprise risk management program .

Working with the ELT and the Audit Committee, the CECO is responsible for implementing an ethical culture throughout the business and ensuring the continuous enhancement of the global compliance program .

Local impact: Uber’s Board of Directors periodically receives updates on emerging policies at the local, state, and national levels .

The Board also receives reports from executive leadership on city specific and regional commitments .

The Board has regular discussions with senior management regarding media coverage and regulatory, legislative, and public sentiment involving Uber .

User safety: Uber’s Board of Directors receives updates on user safety at least twice a year .

The Compensation Committee has tied executive compensation for our most senior executives to the achievement of safety metrics, including reducing safety incidents and increasing transparency and trust .

Privacy and cybersecurity: The Board oversees the senior management team’s efforts to address cybersecurity and data privacy risks .

Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer provides quarterly reports to the Audit Committee and is responsible for a range of cybersecurity activities .

In addition, the Audit Committee annually reviews Uber’s risk profile with respect to cybersecurity matters .

Our Chief Privacy Officer provides reports to the Board annually and as requested from time to time .

Foster and enable a culture of ethical decision making.

Promote compliance with applicable laws, regulations, internal policies, and best practices.

To achieve this mission, the Ethics and Compliance team has built and maintains a comprehensive program of policies, processes, and controls to prevent, detect, and respond to conduct that is unlawful or unethical or violates Uber’s policies, and to monitor company risks so the program can continuously evolve and improve .

The cornerstone of our comprehensive program is our Business Conduct Guide, (BCG), which provides our employees with clear expectations for the proper course of action when faced with ethical decisions .

Within 30 days of hire, every Uber employee is required to complete training on and acknowledge our BCG .

The training and acknowledgment are then repeated every 2 years .

We have a suite of compliance policies and procedures that are specific and address identified risk areas, including the Third Party Anti Corruption Due Diligence Policy, Corporate Policy on Conflicts of Interest, Policy Against Bribery and Corruption, Political Activity Policy, Lobbying Policy, and Competitive Intelligence Policy .

In November 2021, we revised our BCG to include sections on equity and sustainability, highlighting our newly adopted Human Rights and Environmental Policies .

Many of our ethics and compliance policies have their own internal online home, and employees are invited by our Chief Ethics Compliance Officer in company wide communications to access frequently asked questions, one page learning aids, and optional mini training modules .

Additionally, we have built an external facing Integrity Page to ensure that key policies such as the BCG are visible and accessible to the world .

Training: A key element of our comprehensive program is our risk based ethics and compliance training curriculum that assigns training to employees based on the risk level of their role, location, and management responsibility, including live training and customized online training modules beyond the standard curriculum .

All training is translated into languages other than English to maximize comprehension by employees .

Employees are rewarded for completing their compliance acknowledgement and training requirements in a timely manner .

Currently, 15,225 employees have been rewarded with the Ethics Compliance Champion designation after completing a specific suite of ethics and compliance training courses .

In Latin America, almost 60 employees have received training in our Heroes program .

They support the Ethics and Compliance function by conducting training, facilitating related conversations, and acting as program ambassadors .

These individuals facilitate increased compliance and ethics knowledge at all levels of Uber and augment the team’s reach as compliance liaisons in each LatAm business unit or subregion .

Risk assessments: To continually improve our global compliance program and align our program priorities to critical risks facing the company, our Ethics and Compliance team conducts periodic independent external assessments as well as internal risk assessments .

Uber’s compliance risk assessment approach involves surveying employees at all levels across the globe to gauge awareness for compliance topics and perceived risk on 18 risk areas .

In 2021, we expanded this assessment to include operational risks .

The results of the risk assessment informed our 2022 compliance program enhancements, including, for example, employee communications and new intranet assets around confidentiality, privacy, and data security .

Uber encourages our employees to act like owners and take an active role in protecting the company from risks .

Every year during Ethics Compliance Week, we refresh our commitment to supporting a stand up, speak up culture .

We raise awareness for the Integrity Helpline and encourage our employees and third parties to speak up if they have a concern or if they see something they believe is inconsistent with our cultural values or policies .

This awareness effort is coordinated with Ethics Compliance teams across the globe and within newly acquired entities .

In 2021, we featured panel discussions with and for managers globally to reinforce Uber’s commitment to doing the right thing with their teams while protecting from retaliation .

We also hosted firesides to discuss ESG topics and ethics in artificial intelligence and to hear company leadership, including our CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, discuss compliance, ethics, and acting with integrity .

Integrity Helpline: Our Integrity Helpline is run by an independent third party and is accessible in most languages .

Anyone anywhere at any time can access our Integrity Helpline to raise a concern or report a suspected violation of our policies, procedures, or the law .

We publicize the Helpline in our employee facing policies and trainings, and we provide a link to the Helpline on the company’s intranet and internet sites .

When publicizing the Helpline, we reinforce that Uber strictly prohibits retaliation for good faith reporting to the Integrity Helpline or to any resource .

A report can be made anonymously, whether by phone or online .

Reports are investigated, and any necessary disciplinary and or remedial action is taken as appropriate .

We maintain metrics of Integrity Helpline effectiveness, including our intake and responsiveness .

Anti corruption: We oppose corruption in all its forms .

Corruption corrodes the social fabric of society and undermines people’s trust in the political system, in its institutions, and in its leadership .

Corruption affects societies politically, economically, socially, and environmentally .

Our global compliance program is built on the essential elements of an effective compliance program as defined by the US DOJ FCPA Compliance Program hallmarks, the UK Bribery Act 2010 Guidance, and the Good Statistical Practice endorsed by the Organization for Economic Co operation and Development .

Third party risk management: We have designed our mergers and acquisitions due diligence procedures to help ensure a proper focus on pre acquisition due diligence and post acquisition integration of acquired entities to maintain our strong ethics and compliance culture .

We maintain a global Supplier Code of Conduct in the spirit of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work that sets forth the expectation for suppliers working on our behalf to comply with all laws and to act ethically and with integrity at all times .

Additionally, we have a risk based, automated third party due diligence program that assesses all third parties for corruption and bribery risks before they’re onboarded .

This program helps ensure that the organizations we work with engage in ethical business practices .

The years 2020 and 2021 were an unprecedented period, and their impact on our business was significant .

To help support Uber’s COVID 19 pandemic response efforts, our Ethics and Compliance team innovated on compliance protocols and leveraged our due diligence procedures and internal controls to complete diligence on potential recipient organizations, including NGOs and state owned entities at the front lines of the COVID management response .

This was done to identify, detect, and mitigate fraud and reputational risks and ensure that appropriate entities were the recipients of our aid and were accountable for using it responsibly .

Political activities: Uber responsibly participates in federal, state, and local public policy discussions on matters that may affect our business .

We participate in a nonpartisan way to help shape public policy and advocate for government action that is consistent with our ethics and supports our business objectives .

In 2020, Uber formally added oversight of political activities and lobbying to the charter of the Board of Directors’ Nominating and Governance Committee .

In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in EMEA launched an Interaction with Public Officials Policy in 2021 by expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions with government officials .

Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC launched a similar policy in Q1 2022 .

These efforts included in person training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the landscape of regulations .

Integration with underlying systems enabling automated access to data (Oracle, Coupa, etc.).

Application of risk logic and assignment of risk scores.

Risk based workflows, including mandatory review of all high risk transactions.

Implementation of dashboards for effective monitoring and reporting.

Privacy is not limited to notices and policies at Uber .

We are continually investing in our mission to be a trusted steward of our users’ personal data in every market where we operate, and in living up to our Privacy Principles as our products, processes, and businesses evolve .

So while we’ve had privacy settings in our apps for years, in 2022 Uber demonstrated our commitment to, and leadership in, data privacy by releasing a series of privacy and security features to help users understand and control how we use their data .

This in app hub, located on the web and in the Settings menu of the Uber, Uber Driver, and Uber Eats apps, makes it easier than ever for our users to understand how we use their data to enable convenient and safe transportation and deliveries, and how to manage settings in their control .

Within the Privacy Center, users can explore a summary of their use of Uber, request a copy of their data, view the information that drivers can see about riders, manage their advertising preferences, and exercise personal data rights .

All these privacy products and more couldn’t serve our global users without a cross functional and diverse team around the world collaborating on designing and building them .

This team consists of a broad variety of individuals across our Legal, Policy, Design, Data Protection, Applied Science, Product, Security, and Engineering teams who have 2 things in common: they’re passionate about protecting user data, and they’re committed to doing the right thing .

But data privacy is a shared responsibility of all employees Uber builds awareness of and expertise in data privacy and security topics by conducting employee training .

This includes annual general training for all employees and a variety of in depth role based trainings for other employees, including our company wide Privacy Champions, who volunteer to serve as additional privacy resources .

In addition to our Privacy Center, Uber has built and continues to build a variety of features that protect users’ privacy.

In app chat and calls that avoid disclosure of users’ personal phone numbers.

Address anonymization to obscure precise rider pickup and dropoff details from driver receipts post trip.

Profile data expiration to remove drivers’ personal data from rider receipts after a trip ends and the data is no longer needed.

Rider notification preferences so that riders can manage how they receive in app marketing and trip related messages from Uber.

Location preferences to provide greater transparency and control.

Cross street pickup and delivery for users who prefer not to input a specific address.

To protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of user data, we’ve built a robust information security program that is based on the industry recognized ISO 27001 2 framework and includes written policies, processes, and standards designed to protect and secure Uber’s data environment .

Uber has continued to maintain ISO 27001 certification for its enterprise business line (Uber for Business, Central, and Uber Health) since 2019 and its core rides business .

Additionally, Uber maintains an SOC 2 certification and was assessed by an independent assessor against NIST 800 171 for our Uber for Business commercial offerings to become approved as a US government contract service .

We evaluate the health and effectiveness of our information security program through ongoing assessments, monitoring, and testing .

Risk assessments are conducted through external third party engagements (including ISO, SOC 2, pen tests, and security maturity capability assessments), internal audits, and other internal assessment programs .

We monitor risks through regular leadership meetings, where different security teams present key metrics and progress associated with assigned objectives .

Uber’s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Chief Privacy Officer chair the Privacy and Cybersecurity Council, which provides cross functional oversight of the company’s privacy and cybersecurity operations .

Uber’s CISO presents quarterly on cyber risk to the Executive Leadership Team, which includes Uber’s CEO and his direct reports .

The Audit Committee of Uber’s Board of Directors reviews the overall cybersecurity program quarterly .

Uber’s full Board of Directors also receives a cybersecurity update annually .

Engaging with law enforcement: Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team, made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

Uber also has a law enforcement portal, where public safety officials can quickly and securely submit legal process documents to request trip data and other information that may be critical in investigating potential criminal cases .

Uber’s Public Safety Response team handles these data requests and works with investigators to help them get the information they need through valid legal processes .

This team works diligently, 24 7, to handle emergencies and data requests after receiving subpoenas, court orders, or search warrants .

Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed in scope to address the important need and disclose only what is necessary in response to the applicable legal process .

Every year, we produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how we responded to them in certain markets .

Uber’s 2022 ESG Report highlights our perspectives on the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues that matter most to our business and our stakeholders, including investors, employees, and cities, and the drivers, couriers, merchants, and consumers who use our platform to connect with work, food, goods, families, and friends.

These enduring relationships based on integrity, accountability, and respect empower us to reimagine the way the world moves for the better.

The report is intended to provide a high level overview of Uber’s views on, approach to, and performance on key ESG issues.

Data is as of December 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted.

The narratives in the report may cover issues through July 2022.

Our ESG strategy and reporting is built around the company’s material ESG issues .

We performed a materiality assessment to inform our ESG reporting and strategy .

This assessment was originally completed in June 2020 amid the active COVID 19 pandemic, a divisive political environment, civil unrest regarding systemic racism and inequality, and a deeply recessed global economy .

The assessment captured the ESG issues deemed to be of greatest relative importance to Uber as of that time, and the results continue to form the basis of our ESG reporting .

The ESG materiality assessment was designed to identify the most relevant, or material, issues from an ESG perspective, which is a broader standard than that used in our financial disclosures .

The use of material when referring to ESG topics throughout our reporting is intended to flag the most important issues from our ESG assessment .

It does not speak to the materiality of those issues to Uber as a whole .

Our ESG reporting is informed by the standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) .

We also describe ways in which our core operations and social impact activities contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) .

As part of our corporate commitment to continual improvement, we will build on ESG content and analysis in future iterations of our ESG reporting .

This report may contain forward looking statements regarding our future business expectations, which involve risks and uncertainties .

Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance .

Forward looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, hope, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms .

Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements .

These risks, uncertainties, and other factors relate to, among others: the outcome of a tax case before the UK tax authority related to classification as a transportation provider developments in the COVID 19 pandemic and the impact on our business and operations competition managing our growth and corporate culture financial performance investments in new products or offerings our ability to attract drivers, consumers, and partners to our platform our brand and reputation and other legal and regulatory developments and proceedings, particularly with respect to our relationships with drivers and couriers .

In addition, other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted include, among others, those risks and uncertainties included under the captions Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and subsequent Form 10 Qs and Form 8 Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .

Information in this report is based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of publication .

We undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law .

Greenhouse gas emissions data in this report has been verified by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance.

In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) makes annual traffic fatality information available to the public through the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) .

The motor vehicle fatality data in Uber’s US Safety Report is built off the data standards established by FARS .

Each fatal crash in the Uber dataset was reconciled to a fatal crash in the FARS database .

For a fatal motor vehicle crash to be included in the Safety Report, the crash must have involved the vehicle of at least one driver using the Uber platform and the death of at least one person within 30 days of the crash .

Fatal crashes are included in the US Safety Report regardless of whether the deceased party was an Uber user or whether a driver using the Uber platform or their vehicle was the cause of the crash or was carrying the deceased parties .

Please view the Methodology’ chapter of Uber’s US Safety Report for more information on these metrics .

For a detailed review of safety policies, processes, and data, please view Uber’s US Safety Report.

Non consensual kissing of a non sexual body part Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed, licked, or bit, or forced a kiss, lick, or bite on any non sexual body part (e .g ., hand, leg, thigh) of the user .

Non consensual touching of a sexual body part Defined as: Without explicit consent from the user, someone touched or forced a touch on any sexual body part (breast, genitalia, mouth, buttocks) of the user .

Attempted non consensual penetration Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone attempted to penetrate the vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object .

Includes removal of and attempted removal of another person’s clothing to attempt to access a sexual body part will be classified as attempted non consensual penetration .’ This also includes attempted penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part however, it excludes kissing with tongue or attempts to kiss with tongue .

Non consensual kissing of a sexual body part Defined as: Without consent from the user, someone kissed or forced a kiss on either the breast or buttocks of the user .

This would include kissing on the lips or kissing while using tongue .

Non consensual sexual penetration Defined as: Without explicit consent from a user, someone penetrated, no matter how slight, the vagina or anus of a user with any body part or object .

This includes penetration of the user’s mouth with a sexual organ or sexual body part .

For more information, please view Uber's US Safety Report.

Our team may work with the requesting report were the WRI WBCSD Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol .

This includes the following material GHGs: CO2 (carbon dioxide), N2O (nitrous oxide), and CH4 (methane) .

The following emission conversion factor sources are used in calculations: Natural gas combustion emission factors: EPA Center employees and interns .

Previously also included NeMo and employee engagement survey sent to all full time employees .

The survey is used to gauge employee sentiment and enable organization wide planning .

Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008 (compiled 1 July 2021) .

Factor NGA workbook (where applicable), published Aug 2021 .

Purchased electricity UK: 2021 UK Government conversion factors for Company reporting .

Health Authorities . these results cannot be compared with 2020 results .

International Energy Agency Emission Factors 2020 .

Scope 2 emissions are calculated from electricity consumption data .

Where data were not available, assumptions race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total men and women in were applied .

The greenhouse gas emissions data disclosed in this report have selected org .

This is extremely rare for fatalities, automated decision making .

The data presented in this report includes incident reports reported on or before April 15, 2022 . received limited assurance from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance .

Representation percentage excludes employees who did not self report race ethnicity .

Denominator for these figures is total employees in selected org .

This is extremely rare for fatalities, but this means that the data could change over time .

December 31, 2021, for external hires only (internal transfers excluded) .

The number represented here is an aggregate of records and estimates from these companies.

Accessed January 4th, 2022 . aid or loss of consciousness .

To learn more about our process and requirements for responding to law enforcement requests in the US, see Uber’s Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities .

Uber gives an extensive overview of information provided to federal and state regulators and law enforcement agencies in the US and Canada here .

It is distinct from the number of users whose information was requested .

We use disclosed to reflect that requests are not necessarily or consistently account based .

ESG Section from 2021, ESG Section from 2021, Draft.

This report includes metrics responsive to the recommendations of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) .

Because no one set of industry reporting standards encompasses the full scope of Uber’s business model, we have included applicable reporting standards from both the SASB Internet Media and Services and SASB Road Transportation standards .

In some cases we have made modifications or omissions to these reporting standards to better reflect Uber’s actual operations and the data that is available for consistent, quality measurement and reporting .

We have also provided information responsive to aspects of the all sector recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures on governance, strategy, risk management, metrics, and targets .

We expect to continue building on this work in future versions of the report .

Discussion of long term and short term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets .

Governance Disclose the organization’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities .

Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material .

Risk management Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate related risks .

Metrics and targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material .

Uber proudly contributes to many of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) .

Due to the nature of our business and operations, we primarily contribute to 9: Good Health and Well Being Gender Equality Affordable and Clean Energy Decent Work and Economic Growth Reduced Inequalities Sustainable Cities and Communities Climate Action Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions and Partnerships for the Goals .

The following pages include a few examples of Uber’s contributions to the goals, with an emphasis on our contributions in 2021 and the early part of 2022 .

US: Uber Health connects drivers with riders in need to make sure lack of transportation is never a barrier to staying healthy .

US: Uber teamed up with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, PayPal, and Walgreens to create the Vaccine Access Fund in the US .

This 11 million initiative lets us fund even more rides for communities in need .

Specifically, it addresses health inequities by facilitating rides to vaccination sites and other places where people from underserved parts of the country can learn about the vaccine from trusted contacts .

Global: In 2021, Uber committed to giving 10 million free or discounted rides to healthcare workers, seniors, and other people around the world so they could travel to get vaccinated .

Global: We partner with leading insurance companies to offer a range of protection solutions, including on app coverage for accidents and injuries while working and in some markets, income protection when drivers or couriers can’t work due to injury or sickness .

Internal: At Uber, we continue to evolve sustainable and healthy building standards across our design, construction, policies, and operations, resulting in spaces that support the health of both people and planet .

Over the past year, Uber has achieved LEED and WELL certifications across numerous locations .

Internal: Uber’s benefits philosophy strives to provide a comprehensive suite of programs that align to and drive Uber’s culture .

Our benefits offering provides market specific choice, gives access to robust mental health and family building programs, and encourages overall employee well being, all with the employee experience at the core .

US: As economies recovered from the COVID crisis, women were able to rely on app based work for flexible earning opportunities especially food and grocery delivery .

During 2021, the number of women working on the Uber platform in the US nearly doubled and surpassed pre pandemic levels .

Global: We are diligent about tracking our demographic data and holding ourselves accountable for improving representation of women globally and underrepresented people (URP) in the US year over year .

Global: In 2017, we began monitoring employee compensation data and made adjustments to achieve fair and consistent pay outcomes across race and gender demographics .

For the last 2 years (2020 and 2021), women at Uber globally earned 1 .00 for every 1 .00 (total cash) earned by men performing similar job functions .

United Kingdom: We’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

US: As of Q2 2022, Uber’s US and Canada workplaces are matched with 100% renewable electricity .

We accomplished this with our investment in the Azure Sky wind farm in Texas, which Uber helped finance through a 12 year virtual power purchase agreement .

Global: Through Autocab, we expanded taxi partnerships to more than 20 cities across the UK, while our partnerships with taxi tech providers in New York, San Francisco, and Italy have set a global precedent for Uber and taxis working together .

US: Our Uber Transit partnership with Cecil Transit in Maryland provides rides to job interviews, workplaces, and medical appointments for addiction program participants .

US: We’ve remained committed to supporting merchants, providing 20 million in support efforts throughout 2021 to help local restaurants in the US and Canada as part of our Eat Local campaign, which included 4 .5 million in small business relief grants administered by LISC for local restaurants, the majority of which were minority owned .

Global: Since Uber began in 2010, our technology has allowed millions of people around the world to earn when, where, and how they want .

Today, Uber is one of the world’s largest open platforms for work, offering opportunities to earn money in 72 countries and over 10,000 cities .

Between 2016 and 2021, more than 31 million people used Uber’s platform to earn .

In total, they generated over US 150 billion in earnings, excluding tips .

Global: Drivers and couriers who earn with Uber have real time control over their working hours, times, and locations .

There are no negotiations or minimum hours, only reasonable constraints on maximum hours to promote safety and comply with local regulations .

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

We believe that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work Earnings Fair and transparent earning opportunities Benefits and protections Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work Voice Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback Growth Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections .

We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and innovative approaches to dialogue .

Global: We’re committed to capturing the diverse perspectives of people who earn on our platform, listening to their opinions, and addressing and supporting their needs .

During 2021, we held over 300 engagement and listening sessions with drivers and couriers around the world and conducted more than 50 surveys to gather feedback .

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

US: In 2020, Uber committed 10 million over the following 2 years to support Black owned businesses through programs with Black owned businesses directly and through partnerships with Black owned restaurants on Uber Eats .

Global: Drivers and couriers using Uber are as diverse as the cities and countries they serve .

They include professional drivers, veterans, students, parents returning to work, people supplementing a primary income, and everything in between .

US and Brazil: Uber rolled out anti racism and unconscious bias training for riders and drivers in Brazil and the US . Uber partnered with diversity, equity, and inclusion experts to develop training based on Uber incident reports to help address racism and create more positive, inclusive experiences every day on the platform .

US: During 2020, Uber acknowledged our unique role and responsibility to help fight racism and, particularly, its disparate impact on the Black community .

The commitments are organized under 4 pillars: ridding our platform of racism, fighting racism with technology, driving equity in the community, and sustaining equity and belonging for all .

US: Uber Transit supplements fixed route service and improves paratransit reliability for transit riders in communities across the US and beyond .

US: We continued to expand Dallas Area Rapid Transit’s ability to maintain service across its 700 mile service area through a partnership that lets its transit riders book rides to transit hubs through their app .

US: Uber partnered with Bedford Park, an industrial employment center outside Chicago, to provide first last mile connections to transit and late night service across multiple transit agencies as part of the town’s Connect2Work transportation program .

US: We’ve also expanded riders’ ability to find transit access through a strategic partnership with Trapeze, whose technology powers paratransit for dozens of transit agencies across North America .

Global: Through our partnership with Lime, we’ve expanded our micromobility coverage by more than 2 dozen cities in 11 countries, meaning micromobility services can now be accessed through the Uber app in over 170 cities worldwide .

Global: In response to the quick return to pre pandemic traffic levels in cities around the world, Uber produced a position paper on congestion .

In it, we explored the role that Uber and road users play, introduced principles for meaningfully reducing congestion’s root cause (namely single occupant vehicle trips), and committed to doing our part to help reduce congestion .

Uber actively partners with companies and regional authorities to help reduce reliance on single occupant vehicles, offering an entire suite of mobility options to support choosing green .

United Kingdom: Uber’s Clean Air Plan in London, a response to the city of London’s Congestion Charge (CC) and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), has so far resulted in more than 10% of the vehicle kilometers traveled on our platform being electric, the highest ratio across major European cities on the platform .

Global: Uber is committed to working closely with law enforcement officials to promote safety within our communities .

We have a dedicated global Public Safety Liaison team made up of former law enforcement professionals who work to proactively partner with law enforcement and educate them about how Uber can assist during an emergency or investigation .

Global: We have engaged with hundreds of advocacy organizations worldwide, including women’s safety groups, road safety organizations, and crime prevention organizations to ensure that we incorporate their perspectives and follow best practices .

We are proud to have worked with partners to develop impactful programs and initiatives .

Global: Uber is the first and only global mobility tech company to commit 800 million in total resources to help hundreds of thousands of drivers start to switch to EVs .

To date, we have provided 245 million through a combination of direct incentives, savings from partners, and schemes such as our Clean Air Plan, designed to support vehicle acquisition .

UK: We’re spending 5 million to build 700 fast chargers in 3 London boroughs that are home to many drivers who use Uber, expanding London’s overall charging network by 7% .

US: Across our mobility, delivery, and freight platforms, we have the ability to move people to safety or get them essential supplies and services in response to disasters and to help with recovery .

Uber continued to show up in communities devastated by natural disasters such as hurricanes and wildfires by giving people access to rides to shelters, feeding first responders, and moving essential supplies via Uber Freight .

In 2021, Uber moved 4 million pounds of food, water, PPE, and other essential supplies to communities in distress .

Global: We’re aiming to be net zero by 2040 across all Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions .

As part of getting there we have set an ambitious goal of enabling 100% of rides on our passenger mobility platform to be completed in zero emission vehicles (ZEVs), on micromobility, or on public transit by 2030 in the US, Canada, and Europe, and by 2040 in every market we operate in globally .

Global: To help reduce the higher total cost of ownership (TCO) and accelerate an equitable transition to EVs, we are supporting drivers through a comprehensive strategy with 4 pillars: education, incentives, savings, and advocacy .

Our December 2021 update and concurrently released Climate Assessment and Performance Report 2021 give an in depth review of the initial actions we’re taking, investments we’re making, and results we’re seeing .

US United Kingdom: Uber’s 2022 TCFD analysis combines scenario specific data with Uber’s internal data to quantify a wide range of risks and opportunities across Uber in specific geographies .

EMEA: Uber supported refugee resettlement organizations with 1 million to help Afghan refugees with rides (more than 14,000), temporary housing, and other immediate needs upon arrival in the US .

EMEA: Uber responded to the war in Ukraine and partnered with the IFRC and its Red Cross chapters, IRC, and United Nations organizations including the UNHCR (the UN Refugee Agency), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), and the World Food Programme .

Global: We’ve doubled down on programs that enable groups of drivers and couriers to share feedback with Uber’s Operations and Product teams on behalf of their communities so that we can make meaningful changes .

After a successful launch in Australia, for example, we brought Advisory Councils to India in 2022 and expanded Uber Crew (a program through which drivers and couriers elect other drivers and couriers to bring their feedback to Uber) to all 50 states .

We meet regularly with driver and courier associations in many countries and regions, including Brazil, France, New York, and Washington State (US) .

We also engage with unions in several places, including France and the UK .

Global: We’re committed to partnering with workers and their advocates, governments, and other platform companies to improve the quality of independent platform work .

We believe that platform work should provide independent platform workers with: Flexibility The freedom to choose if, when, where, and how to work Earnings Fair and transparent earning opportunities Benefits and protections Access to social protections and benefits that fit the work Voice Meaningful representation, with demonstrable action on feedback Growth Lifelong learning and development opportunities .

Global: Since our last report, we have advocated on behalf of drivers and couriers in markets around the world to preserve the flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections .

We also have been calling on policymakers, worker representatives, and other platforms to work together to take new steps toward meaningful participation and innovative approaches to dialogue .

Global: In addition to Uber’s Policy on Interactions with Public Officials governing our activity in the US, our Ethics and Compliance team in EMEA launched an Interaction with Public Officials Policy in 2021 by expanding the scope and compliance processes for our interactions with government officials .

Our Ethics and Compliance team in APAC launched a similar policy in Q1 2022 .

These efforts included in person training and external partner acknowledgements to guide people interacting with any government on behalf of Uber through the landscape of regulations .

US and Canada: Our team of highly trained public safety response professionals works with government officials to ensure that all requests are narrowed in scope to address the important need and disclose only what is necessary in response to the applicable legal process .

Every year, we produce a Government Transparency Report outlining the number of government requests we’ve received in the US and Canada and how we responded to them in certain markets .