UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

 2022 Building America Report

A report to stakeholders on our social, environmental and economic sustainability progress.

 Table of Contents  

Letter to Stakeholders  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 3

 Human & Labor Rights  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 19

 Infrastructure Investment & Protection .   .   .   . 27

Building a Sustainable Future 2030   .   .   .   .4

 Employment Practices and Development   .   .  21

 Stakeholder Engagement   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 29

Increasing Transparency .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 6

 Diversity, Equity & Inclusion   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  21

 Community Engagement  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 33

Materiality Assessment   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 7

 Emissions & Energy Use  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 22

 Land Rights & Management .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 38

 Health, Safety & Well-Being  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 8

 Climate Change  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 22

Looking Forward .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 39

 Business Ethics and Conduct  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 13

 Waste Management & Recycling  .   .   .   .   .   .   . 23

Data  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 40

 Cybersecurity   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 15

 Responsible Sourcing .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 24

 Risk Management  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 18

 Socio-Economic Impact   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   . 26

2

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT Letter to Stakeholders

At Union Pacific, our strategy is based on delivering safe, consistent and reliable service day in and day out . Safety and service 
are the foundation of our ‘Serve, Grow, Win – Together’ strategy . We Serve with customer-centered operational excellence; Grow 
carloads, products and services that meet the customer’s needs, and Win by providing value across our enterprise . We accomplish 
all of this Together – one railroad, one team – as we create value for all stakeholders .

That means employees must be fulfilled in their work and feel valued; customers must experience Union Pacific helping them win 
in their markets; communities must see that we are supporting them in improving citizens’ lives; and our shareholders must be 
rewarded with returns that encourage further investment .

That path toward success includes our commitment to sustainability initiatives outlined in our comprehensive strategy, Building a 
Sustainable Future 2030 . This report – along with our 2022 Climate Action Plan, 2022 We Are One Report, 2023 Proxy Statement 
and other communications – keeps you apprised of our progress toward our sustainability goals and where we’re headed in the 
future . These reports are updated annually as we discover new ways to achieve our goals and follow through on our commitment 
to transparent communication of our sustainability efforts .

Our Materiality Assessment in 2021 involved engaging internal and external stakeholders to identify and prioritize our company’s 
most important sustainability focus areas . Among our top issues were health, safety and well-being, business ethics and conduct 
and cybersecurity .

Health and Safety: Our commitment to safety remains unrelenting and ever-present, reflected in our low employee personal injury rate, which has seen improvement year 
over year . We know from recent events in the industry that this is more important than ever before . In this report we outline our processes and ongoing efforts to reduce 
derailments and how we respond if a hazardous materials incident were to occur .

Business Ethics: Union Pacific’s reputation and success are determined by the decisions we make as employees, as a company and by the people with whom we choose to 
do business . Providing the training and tools needed to help employees make the right decisions is a priority . Last year, 99% of employees completed The How Matters training, 
which outlines our policy on ethics and business conduct .

Cybersecurity: Union Pacific has implemented an industry-leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to protect its operations from cyber events . We have 
several processes and redundancies in place so that we operate as safely as possible and work to prevent any potential cyberattack . We also perform regular vulnerability 
scanning and system penetration testing to validate our security controls and assess our infrastructure and software applications . We block hundreds of millions of unwanted 
emails each year, and regularly monitor such attacks and coach our employees on how to respond .

The world is more dynamic and expects more from us . Placing our stakeholders at the center of our decision making helps us find the best solutions . Helping our customers 
get their jobs done, supporting and connecting our communities and building on our growth track record – while every employee goes home safely – are what define Union 
Pacific and why I know our future is bright .

Lance Fritz
Chairman, President and CEO

3

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT Building a Sustainable Future 2030

Union Pacific operates across 23 states in the western two-thirds of the nation, touching everything from bustling 
metropolitan cities to rural farming communities, to remote wilderness . Our wide reach means it’s important we act 
as stewards of the communities and terrain we operate through . It is our responsibility to emphasize the impor-
tance of diversity and inclusivity within our workforce, pursue innovative technologies, protect clean air and water, 
and set targets to reduce our carbon footprint so we can achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 .

Last year tested the mettle of Team UP through supply chain challenges, economic uncertainty and labor negotiations . 
Through the highs and lows, employees overcame countless barriers with grit, ingenuity and hard work, guided by 
our five-pillar Building a Sustainable 2030 Strategy:

Building Responsible 
Foundations

Investing in Our 
Workforce

Driving Sustainable 
Solutions

Championing 
Environmental 
Stewardship

Strengthening Our 
Communities

This approach addresses the evolving interests of our stakeholder groups and is more inclusive of our overall impact . 
Most importantly, it builds on our foundation of safety – our highest priority . It also addresses our most material 
sustainability risks, while aligning our commitment with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) . 
Each pillar is described on the next page .

Fast Facts

32,534 ROUTE MILES 
IN 23 STATES WITH 7 BORDER 
CROSSINGS

8.2 MILLION** 
ANNUAL CARLOADS

7,338 LOCOMOTIVES

33,179 EMPLOYEES

30,000**
RAILROAD CROSSINGS

16,700** BRIDGES

*As of December 31, 2022.   **Figures are rounded.

4

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
  
Building Responsible Foundations

This pillar encompasses the importance of: Health, Safety and Well-being, Business Ethics and Conduct, Cybersecurity and Risk 
Management & Internal Control . These areas are described in detail later in this report and in our 2023 Proxy Statement . The 
health and safety of employees is at the foundation of everything we do . We are committed to engaging with employees to discuss 
and understand the risks they may encounter in their daily work so that we can address them . We continuously monitor our 
dynamic risk management process to identify and address potential concerns, including those arising in the ever-changing 
economic, political, legal and technological environments in which Union Pacific operates .

Fast Facts

ONE TRAIN CAN CARRY THE 
FREIGHT OF HUNDREDS OF 
TRUCKS, WHICH REDUCES 
HIGHWAY CONGESTION

Investing in Our Workforce

At Union Pacific, our goal is to help employees develop skill sets, which enable them to grow, develop in new positions across the 
company and become experts in their roles . To do that, we must be committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment 
that reflects the varied markets and communities we serve . Recognizing we still have work to do, we continue to focus on building 
an inclusive culture, and a talented workforce, with a goal to reach 40% people of color and 11% female representation by 2030 . 
Read more about our workforce initiatives in our 2022 We Are One Report .

Driving Sustainable Solutions

We strive to become the transportation solutions provider of choice for an increasing number of customers via a safe, reliable and 
customer-centric service product . Capitalizing on the many advantages rail transportation and our network franchise offer, we can 
grow our volumes over less-efficient forms of transportation . As the most fuel-efficient way to move freight over land, rail is a key 
decarbonization enabler for our economy . Our value proposition creates economic strength and supports profitable and responsible 
growth, allowing us to invest more in our future . We are positioned to support a transition to a low-carbon economy through the 
shipment of sustainable recyclable goods as those markets grow .

FREIGHT RAILROADS ARE 3 TO 
4 TIMES MORE FUEL EFFICIENT 
THAN TRUCKS, ON AVERAGE . 

MOVING FREIGHT BY TRAIN 
INSTEAD OF TRUCK REDUCES 
GHG EMISSIONS BY UP TO 75% .

RAILROADS ACCOUNT FOR 
AROUND 40% OF LONG-DISTANCE 
FREIGHT VOLUME BUT ONLY 
2% OF U.S. TRANSPORT- 
RELATED GHG EMISSIONS .

AAR Freight Railroads and Climate 
Change, pg 2

Championing Environmental Stewardship

Railroads are the most fuel-efficient means of transporting freight by land . However, we know that there are more actions railroads must take to reduce their carbon footprint . 
In early 2021, the Science Based Targets Initiative approved our targets to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 and locomotive well-to-wheel GHG emissions from our operations 
26% by 2030 against a 2018 baseline . In 2022, we formally committed with SBTi to revise our near-term emissions reduction target to support a 1 .5ºC climate ambition, as 
well as set and validate a net-zero emissions target . We are continuing to develop our decarbonization and residual emissions strategies in conjunction with this commitment . 
Read more about our environmental strategy in our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

Strengthening Our Communities

Union Pacific is dedicated to investing in communities and improving the quality of life where our employees live and work . Union Pacific’s capital investments create economic 
opportunity through employment and supply chain activity, building a rail network that supports sustainable economic growth for generations to come . The more we invest in 
building a safe and efficient railroad today, the better our infrastructure can support communities in the future . Additionally, we pride ourselves on being a good corporate citizen 
in the communities in which we operate and a champion for diverse suppliers .

5

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTWe Are Committed to Transparency

The Building America Report provides a top-level look at our progress toward achieving the goals surrounding our sustainability approach: Building a Sustainable Future 2030 . 
Its focus is derived from our 2021 Materiality Assessment, which reflected the progress of our sustainability program . Compared to our 2019 assessment, we saw a rise in 
importance in our talent management practices, environmental actions and the broadening of our diversity and inclusion initiatives to include equity issues .

To guide our sustainability disclosures we rely on several reporting standards and frameworks, including the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting standards, the UN’s 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) . Environmental disclosures will incorporate the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and CDP (formerly the Climate Disclosure Project) frameworks .

We are committed to improving the relevance and transparency of our disclosures in all of our sustainability reporting, including:

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

 2022 Climate Action Plan

UNION PACIFIC’S

 2022 We Are One Report

Climate Action Plan

The 2022 Climate Action Plan (CAP), published in 
November 2022, outlines efforts to reduce our envi- 
ronmental impact, to achieve our science-based target 
of reducing absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
from our operations by 2030 against a 2018 baseline, 
and ultimately pursue net zero emissions by 2050 .

We Are One Report

The 2022 We Are One Report was published in March 
2023 . It outlines our strategy to deliver a world-class 
employee experience and build a more diverse and 
inclusive culture that better reflects the communities 
we serve . That commitment is underscored by our 
2030 diversity goals to reach 11% women and 40% 
people of color representation in our workforce .

Sustainability Metrics & Frameworks

Providing detailed, transparent and accessible informa-
tion on sustainability topics is an important compo-
nent of our sustainability strategy . Our Sustainability 
Metrics and Frameworks webpage combines data 
reported in our sustainability reports into one combined 
data table to make information more accessible to  
our stakeholders . All data are reviewed and/or updated 
at least annually .

 2023 Proxy Statement

& NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION

Green Financing 
Framework

1

6

Proxy Statement

The 2023 Proxy Statement outlines Union Pacific’s 
commitment to strong corporate governance, effective 
risk management and strong independent oversight of 
management by the Board, which is reflected in our 
sound governance practices and policies . 

Green Financing Framework

Union Pacific is committed to being part of the climate 
solution by proactively seizing opportunities to invest in 
initiatives to meet, and exceed, our sustainability goals . 
Through our Green Financing Framework, Union Pacific 
may from time-to-time issue green bonds to support 
projects with environmental benefits . As part of this effort, 
Union Pacific Corporation issued a $600 million green 
bond tranche on Sept . 9, 2022 . UP’s Framework addresses 
the four core components and key recommendations  
of the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles 2021 .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
 
 
 
 Materiality Assessment Defines Key Stakeholder Topics

M ATE R I ALIT Y  M ATR IX  ALI G N E D  W ITH  U N ITE D  N ATI O N S  S US TA IN A B LE D E V E LO PM E NT GOAL S

We’ve organized this report around the material topics identified through our 2021 Materiality Assessment, which depicts the most material sustainability topics for our stakeholders . 
We also highlight which United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Union Pacific contributes to most significantly . Each report section focuses on one material 
topic, the aligned SDG (if any), and updates our progress over the past year . Topics aligned with SDG goals are identified throughout the report . This streamlined organization 
makes it easier to follow our goals and efforts as we strive to meet our sustainability objectives .

Building Responsible Foundations

 A    Health, Safety & Well-being
 B    Business Ethics & Conduct
 C   Cybersecurity
 D    Risk Management & Internal Control

Investing in Our Workforce

 A   Human & Labor Rights
 B    Employment Practices & Development
 C   Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Championing Environmental Stewardship

 A   Emissions & Energy Use
 B    Waste Management & Recycling
 C   Climate Change

Driving Sustainable Solutions

 A   Responsible Sourcing
 B   Socio-economic Impact
 C    Infrastructure Investment & Protection

Strengthening Our Communities

 A   Stakeholder Engagement
 B    Community Engagement & Giving
 C    Land Rights & Management

S
R
E
D
L
O
H
E
K
A
T
S

O
T

E
C
N
A
T
R
O
P
M

I

H
G
H

I

Y
R
E
V

H
G
H

I

E
T
A
R
E
D
O
M

 C

 B

 C

 A

 C

 A

 A

 C

 D

 B

 A

 B

 B

 C

 B

 A

United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals

  1 .  No Poverty

  2 .  Zero Hunger

  3.  Good Health and Well-Being

  4.  Quality Education

  5.  Gender Equality

  6 .  Clean Water and Sanitation

  7 .  Affordable and Clean Energy

  8.   Decent Work and  
Economic Growth

  9.   Industry, Innovation and 

Infrastructure

 10 .  Reduced Inequalities

 11.   Sustainable Cities and 

Communities

 12.   Responsible Consumption  

and Production

 13.  Climate Action

 14 .  Life Below Water

 15.  Life On Land

MODER ATE

HIGH
I M P A C T   T O   B U S I N E S S

VERY HIGH

 16 .   Peace, Justice and Strong 

Institutions

 17 .  Partnerships for the Goals

7

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
 
 
 
1. Health, Safety and Well-Being

Putting safety first across all elements of our activities to protect our workforce, our culture and our communities.

N ATIO N AL IN C I D E NTS   PL AC E  R A IL  SA FE T Y  IN  TH E  S P OTLI G HT

The health, safety and well-being of our employees have always been a priority at Union Pacific . Therefore, it was 
no surprise that both internal and external stakeholders identified this topic as our most important sustainability 
topic . World-class personal injury safety is not embodied in a number but rather in the goal that every Union Pacific 
team member goes home safely to their loved ones at the end of each day .

PRO G R E S S IN G  OU R  E M PLOY E E S A FE T Y C U LTU R E   
AN D IN ITI ATI V E S  TO  WO R LD  C L A S S

As detailed in our 2022 We Are One Report, Union Pacific is committed to a safety-focused culture that engages and 
empowers employees to recognize potential safety risks and speak up and take action to mitigate those risks . We 
utilize a multilayered approach with both system wide and local engagement activities to help drive our safety culture .

While we have consistently maintained an ultimate goal of zero incidents and zero injuries, from 2018-2022 our 
safety performance struggled to make the next significant step change improvement toward our goal of world-class 
safety performance . To reach our goals, safety must be embraced as a core value of each employee and our 
company as a whole . We must not treat safety as a race to a number . Rather, we work relentlessly to drive activities 
and encourage peer-to-peer and manager-employee interactions that reinforce safety as our number one priority .

With the help of our internal Safety team, external safety experts and field employees at all levels of our organiza-
tion, we continue to refresh our approach and evolve our safety practices and tools . We are driving to reduce not 
just reportable injuries, but also control overall employee exposure to safety risks . 

8

Peer-to-Peer Safety Approach 
Reaches World Class

Southern Region Track Program employees are 
living their values with a comprehensive, team-first 
safety strategy taught by craft professionals and 
supported by local leadership .

As of Jan . 10, 2023, the team of 1,183 people from 
Rail South, Tie South, Southern Region Track 
Construction and Southern Region Work Equipment 
has worked more than 2 .4 million employee-hours, 
or 417 days reportable injury-free .

This win in peer-to-peer safety, the next progression 
of the deeply rooted Total Safety Culture approach, 
encourages teams to look out for each other with a 
high level of engagement, commitment and atten-
tion . Safety data is incorporated into team safety 
engagement plans and used in daily job briefings .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTWorld-Class Safety Pillars

Organizational Culture. Managers and peers treat safety interactions as coaching opportunities to encourage and sustain 
safe behavior and practices

Operational and Workplace. Anticipate, identify and evaluate hazardous conditions and practices . Design, implement and 
optimize behavior-based safety processes that control risk exposure

Tech & Advanced Analytics. Support field operations with real time train handling observation and monitoring, data analytics 
and coordination of field safety efforts between operating crafts

Consistent & Reliable Operations. Attack & reduce network variability to reduce risk exposure

Compliance & Regulatory. Compliance with regulatory requirements, training, reporting and program submissions

While we have consistently maintained an ultimate goal of zero incidents and zero injuries, from 

2018-2022 our safety performance struggled to make the next significant step change improvement 

toward our goal of world-class safety performance. To reach our goals, safety must be embraced as  

a core value of each employee and our company as a whole.  

9

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
Safe Rail Transport of Chemicals Requires Preparedness

The rail accident that occurred Feb . 3, 2023, in East Palestine, Ohio, has generated significant interest, curiosity and concern 
about hazardous materials being transported by rail . Union Pacific and all carriers and producers of hazardous materials are 
reflecting on how well they’re prepared to respond if a similar situation occurs .

Hazardous materials play a part in our everyday life . They are used to produce a variety of necessities we take for granted, 
including fuels, cleaners, plastics, medications, and pesticides . They are even necessary to ensure we have access to safe 
drinking water . Federal law requires common carriers, like Union Pacific, to transport hazardous materials . Railroads haul about 
40% of the hazmat used in the United States . From 2018-2022, railroads had 50 times fewer incidents involving hazardous 
materials and 10 times fewer injuries from hazmat-related incidents .*

Hazardous materials are generally hauled in tank cars . Our regionally based hazardous materials teams perform about 5,000 
tank car inspections annually, auditing everything from tank car fittings and car markings to safety appliances . They also work 
alongside our contractors, our customers, and government regulators to inspect, report and remedy findings .

INCIDENTS INVOLVING 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS*
ANNUAL AVERAGE BY MODE, 2018-2022

20,863

Our vigilance goes well beyond our hazmat team . All Union Pacific employees are trained regarding hazardous materials safety . 
Our train crews know, understand and carry proper instructions when operating a train carrying hazardous materials . If our 
inspections identify a shipper with recurring issues, one of our hazmat team members provides on-site training so the shipper 
knows and understands the importance of best practices for handling hazardous materials shipments .

1,376

AIR

411

RAIL

TRUCK

We take our hazmat responsibilities seriously and work with communities who are impacted when accidents occur . We are  
transparent with our efforts and coordinate with key parties to remediate environmental impacts as required .

Derailment Prevention Key to Keeping Trains on Track

Derailment prevention initiatives are fundamental to safe train operations at Union Pacific . There are several approaches to accomplishing this work . Union Pacific utilizes 
technology, optimal response and maintenance methodologies, and an aggressive capital renewal strategy to help keep trains on the tracks . And it’s working . Comparing last 
year to 2019, total derailments on Union Pacific have declined by 21% .

Union Pacific’s robust network of more than 7,000 wayside detection devices monitors the condition of freight cars and locomotives in real time . These wayside detectors are 
electronic sensors installed along the tracks used to measure strain, temperature, acoustic signature and dimensions of various components such as bearings, wheels, trucks and 
braking systems . These alerts are used to drive UP responses to determine safe handling and repair of rolling stock . Robust use of wayside detectors vastly improves proactive risk 
identification and enhances repair capabilities .

Track-related derailment prevention is at the forefront of what Union Pacific’s Engineering Department does every day, and in the last 10 years track-caused derailments have 
seen a 55% reduction . While that is an accomplishment to be proud of, it has not stopped us from continuing to use training and technology to drive that number to zero . 
Derailment prevention occurs many ways, but when it comes to track, it boils down to inspection, assessment, and capital renewal .

 *  US Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Table 2-6: Hazardous Materials Fatalities, Injuries, Accidents, and Property Damage Data; US DOT Federal Railroad Administration, “Hazardous Materials 

Transportation,” Last updated March 8, 2023.

10

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTComprehensive Training at the Heart of Rail Safety

Union Pacific’s 33,000 employees are responsible for the safe movement of freight that powers our lives, keeps 
our store shelves stocked and builds our homes and communities . To do this requires an array of skills that spans 
every craft, along with a commitment to comprehensive, state-of-the-art training . In 2022, we provided more than 
1 .5 million hours of best-in-class training to our workforce, including craft professionals who work to enable safe 
train operations .

From day one, we make sure our team has the tools and skills needed to keep the nation’s supply chain moving . 
Newly hired train crew employees spend up to 14 weeks learning railroad safety and operating basics – including 
the cycle of a car, from origin to final destination, as well as how to effectively manage critical resources and safely 
apply rules . To check for understanding, exams are given during the training .

Focus Includes Contractor Safety

The safety of everyone supporting our company’s mission is critical . All parties – employees, contractors and 
others – must do their part collaboratively to help our operations run safely .

All contractors are required to register with eRailSafe prior to coming on Union Pacific property . eRailSafe is the 
Class I and shortline industry standard for contractor safety and security management for railroads and the vendors 
that serve them . We require our contractors to follow all applicable safety regulations, including Union Pacific 
standards as well as OSHA, FRA and FMCSA requirements . Contractors must report all cases of personal injury 
and occupational illness that occur while on duty or on company property to the appropriate manager .

We have begun working with a third-party solution provider with expertise in contractor safety data collection, trend 
analysis, compliance and benchmarking . During 2023 we plan to implement processes and systems that will improve 
contractor safety data transparency, help us identify and mitigate contractor safety incident trends, and enhance 
contractors’ training and qualification compliance in accordance with UP’s requirements .

For more information on our contractor safety measures, please see our contractor safety website .

Command Center Provides Around-the-Clock Derailment Prevention

Union Pacific’s Operating Practices Command Center (OPCC) was created in November 2019 as a 24/7 
resource for enabling safety protocol compliance with local, federal and companywide standards across all our 
service units . Craft and management personnel receive accurate, consistent information about current rules and 
regulations, along with instant support from a team of 21 experts on safe train operations .

In addition to being an information resource, the OPCC takes a proactive stance by using state-of-the-art technology to 
analyze unintended train stops across the network as well as perform recertifications and other annual requirements 
for all employees .

11

Training Compliance is Essential

All Union Pacific employees are trained to perform 
their jobs safely and efficiently . Our training 
compliance system assigns each team member a 
mandatory training plan consistent with his or her 
job duties . Supervisors track progress via an online 
website that generates training notifications and 
compliance reports . Our Training Department 
constantly reviews training needs across our system 
and coordinates with supervisors to provide needed 
training classes .

With a variety of technology at his fingertips, Steve Terrell, 
manager-Operating Practices, assists a train crew from inside 
the Operating Practices Command Center (OPCC) located at 
Union Pacific’s Harriman Dispatching Center.

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTCommitted to a Safe Chemical Supply Chain:  
UP Maintains Industry-Best Certification

Union Pacific received recertification as a member of the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC) Responsible Care 
Management System (RCMS) in February 2023 – reaffirming its commitment to the safe transportation of customers’ 
chemical commodities leveraging industry-best safety practices .

Union Paciﬁc Is Proud to Be Recertiﬁed for
the American Chemistry Council’s 
Responsible Care Management System®

We’re committed to safely transporting chemical commodities in the communities where we live and work . As a 
Responsible Care Partner, UP adheres to the same standards as our ACC customers . This partnership allows us 
to work closely with chemical customers to develop safe and efficient supply chain solutions .

RCMS certification signals UP values safety in all of its endeavors, beyond regulatory compliance – from employee 
training to the processes in place to consistently deliver customer shipments incident-free .

Leveraging Technology for Safe, Reliable Operations

Here are some examples of technology Union Pacific is either developing or using every day to maintain a safe, 
efficient rail infrastructure .

Autonomous Geometry Systems – Union Pacific is utilizing autonomous geometry systems to greatly increase 
its track inspection footprint . Two different platforms currently are being leveraged – one located on a locomotive,  
the other a custom-developed boxcar . The fleet currently consists of seven locomotive systems with plans to increase 
to ten by the end of 2023 . It also includes three boxcar-based systems . By utilizing these different systems, we were 
able to increase our track miles inspected by a geometry system to over 300,000 miles annually .

Automated Tie Rating – Union Pacific is utilizing automated tie rating . The rating process was previously done by 
human inspectors on track . By using an autonomous system, we are able to greatly increase the speed and consis-
tency of inspections while reducing manual inspection of ties . We plan to inspect just over 5,000 miles of the UP 
network using these trucks in 2023 .

Rail Replacement Algorithms – Union Pacific uses complex algorithms to identify locations requiring rail replace-
ment or maintenance . By leveraging data from the rail inspection fleet, geometry fleet and human inspections, a 
risk-based model has been developed that helps identify locations showing signs of degradation . This process allows 
UP to intervene and replace the rail proactively .

New On/Off Track Crane-Bridge Construction – Engineering is developing a new “On/Off” crane, which can 
be used either on or off the track, depending on terrain . It is self-erecting and can be transported via truck to the 
work site . The new crane reduces the need for an on-track footprint and will improve the productivity of our bridge 
construction team .

12

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT2. Business Ethics & Conduct

Upholding the highest standards of legal and ethical conduct through good governance, effective policies, processes and strong values.

TH E H OW M AT TE R S  TO  ALL  U P   E M PLOY E E S

Union Pacific’s reputation and success are determined by the decisions we make as 
employees, as a company and by the people with whom we choose to do business . 
Employees are our first line of defense against enterprise risks such as regulatory 
compliance, environmental, hazardous materials and cybersecurity . Ongoing training 
and education are critical . Providing the training and tools needed to help employees 
make the right decisions is a priority . We have an internal Guidelines on Ethics and 
Business Conduct for employees webpage with links to our policies, Q&A, reporting 
information and more .

Our employees are encouraged to speak openly and honestly about business ethics 
and compliance concerns with their supervisors or Workforce Resources business 
partners . Union Pacific recognizes there may be times when employees would like 
to discuss issues, voice concerns, or report violations in a confidential or anonymous 
manner . In these instances, employees are encouraged to call the Values Line or the 
EEO Hotline . When an employee calls the UP Values Line or EEO Hotline, an intake 
specialist from the third-party vendor, Navex, creates a report and sends it to UP’s 
Compliance Team where the report is assigned for investigation .

The How Matters, our policy on Ethics and Business Conduct, explains our expecta-
tion of ethical conduct . All Union Pacific employees are required to complete annual 
training on The How Matters . Separate training modules are provided to manage-
ment employees versus craft professionals, highlighting the areas most relevant to 
their daily work . In 2022, 99% of employees completed that training . In certain instances, 
employees are required to take additional training on specific ethics issues, such as 
sexual harassment and anti-bribery and anti-corruption .

Union Pacific employees operate under the following high ethical standards:

 •   Honesty – Being truthful when dealing with customers, suppliers, shareholders 

and fellow employees .

 •   Fairness – Treating everyone fairly .

We review our ethics programs, including The How Matters, annually, utilizing  
the guidelines for effective ethics and compliance programs detailed in the U .S . 
Sentencing Commission Guidelines Manual . Policy and content owners for The How 
Matters review and update their sections, and any policy changes are subsequently 
reviewed by senior staff and the CEO and approved by the Audit Committee and 
Board of Directors, before being formally updated and communicated to all employees .

Union Pacific does not tolerate inappropriate behavior involving Equal 

Employment Opportunity (EEO) and retaliation and encourages 

employees who witness behavior they believe violates EEO policy 

 •   Integrity – Voicing concerns when we believe our company or colleagues are 

to report the incident to the company’s confidential Values Line. 

not acting ethically or complying with the law .

 •   Respect – Maintaining a foundation of trust and respect with colleagues, 

customers, regulators, suppliers and other stakeholders .

 •   Loyalty – Ensuring no employee is, or appears to be, subject to influences, 
interests or relationships that conflict with the company’s best interests .

 •   Accountability – Holding ourselves, peers and customers to the company’s 

high ethical standards .

 •   Adherence to the law – Complying with all laws .

 •   Compliance with policies – Complying with the letter and spirit of  

company policies .

13

To reinforce our annual ethics training, our Compliance Department periodically 
publishes Compliance Connections online internally and via email for employee 
viewing . These Compliance Connections communications may cover a broad range 
of risks, ethics, compliance and policy issues . The topics are selected based on an 
analysis of trending issues at our company . We also publicly disclose core ethics 
data, such as the total number of Values Line cases and the percentage of those 
cases that were substantiated .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
Ethics and Compliance – By the Numbers

% of Employees Completing The How Matters Ethics Training

% of Required Employees Reporting Whether or not They Had a  
Conflict of Interest*

2021

98%

100%

2022

99%

100%

% of Required Employees Reporting Whether or not They Made Gifts or 
Payments to Public Officials Disclosure*

100%

100%

% of Required Employees Completing Sexual Harassment Training**

% of Required Employees Completing Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act 
Training (FCPA)***

% of Required Employees Completing Anti-Trust Training***

Number of Internally Published Compliance Connections

Number of Confirmed Corruption Incidents

99%

88%

96%

3

0

99%

84%

98%

12

0

  *   Required for management and American Railway and Airway Supervisors Association 

(ARASA) employees.

  **  Required for specific locations, not entire employee population (CA, NY, IL). 
 ***  Required for certain management employees only.

For more information on our ethics standards, please see the following policies  
and reports:

 •  The How Matters

 •  Union Pacific’s Policy on Human Rights

 •  Sustainable Procurement Statement

 •  Supplier Code of Conduct

 •  2022 We Are One Report

14

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT3. Cybersecurity

Protecting and preserving information by embedding effective data privacy and information security practices and complying with relevant legislation 
and standards.

V I G IL A N C E A N D   IN G E N U IT Y  K E Y TO CY B E R S E C U R IT Y E FFO R TS

Now more than ever, Union Pacific’s success is powered by innovations and technology used every day in the 
office and in the field by our employees, suppliers and customers . As a result, cybersecurity is taken very seriously . 
On our most recent materiality assessment, respondents ranked cybersecurity as one of the top-three issues of 
concern to stakeholders .

Cybersecurity matters for all facets of our value chain: our customers should feel safe when using our online tools, 
our suppliers must know they have a partner that will protect their data, and our employees need to know that their 
personal information is secure .

As technology has become a more central part of our operations, so has our focus on maintaining the security of 
our systems and protecting the data that we collect and generate from our business .

Our staff of information security professionals continually assesses cybersecurity risks and implements mitigation 
programs that evolve with the changing technology threat environment .

To date, we have not experienced any material disruption of our operations due to a cyber threat or attack .

We work closely on physical and cybersecurity initiatives with government agencies, including the U .S . Department 
of Transportation (DOT); the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security 
Agency (CISA) and Transportation Security Administration (TSA); as well as local police departments, fire departments, 
and other first responders . In connection with new guidance from the TSA, effective January 1, 2022, we were 
required to report cyber incidents to CISA, perform a cyber vulnerability self-assessment and submit results to the TSA 
by March 31, 2022, assemble and adopt a cyber incident response plan by June 29, 2022, and appoint cybersecurity 
coordinators . We have fully met the requirements of the first directive and have submitted our cybersecurity plan 
for approval by TSA . We anticipate a few rounds of refinement over the next few months .

We have significantly increased investment in technologies to support our cybersecurity efforts . Union Pacific has 
implemented an industry-leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to ensure its operations are 
appropriately protected from cyber events . We have several processes and redundancies in place so UP is as safe 
as possible from any potential cyberattack .

We understand we may not be able to prevent all cyber incidents from occurring . As a result, detective controls and 
robust incident response programs are in place to enable us to detect, delay and quickly respond to an intrusion .

15

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTIN FO R M ATIO N  PR I VACY

Union Pacific is committed to maintaining web users’ confidence and trust when on our website . In general, anyone 
can visit our website without telling us who they are or revealing personal information; however, customers and 
other users can choose to participate in additional secured applications . At times, additional information collection 
is necessary to complete business transactions, enhance our services, better meet the needs and preferences of 
our customers and other visitors, and enhance the security of our online and digital properties . In 2022, there  
were zero substantiated complaints concerning breaches of our customers’ privacy . For more details, see our 
Website Privacy Policy .

DATA S E C U R IT Y

Our Information Assurance team, led by our Chief Security Officer, is responsible for the confidentiality, integrity 
and availability of Union Pacific’s infrastructure and assets . The team has a robust strategy in place to prevent, 
detect and respond to potential threats . We also perform regular vulnerability scanning and system penetration 
testing to validate our security controls and assess our infrastructure and software applications . Like many organiza-
tions our size, we are continuously probed by cyberattacks from around the world . In 2021 alone, the Union Pacific 
network was probed 714 billion times, and one breach occurred . However, to date we have not experienced any 
material disruption of our operations due to these probes or any other attacks directed at us . Extensive incident 
response, disaster recovery and business resumption plans are in place and tested annually, ensuring the computing 
environment can withstand a wide range of scenarios .

The Railway Alert Network is the industry’s intelligence and security information center . Each day, its staff reviews 
intelligence and related security information to produce analyses of terrorist tactics, malicious cyber activity, rail 
related threats and incidents, and suspicious activity . Union Pacific uses these materials for threat hunting and in 
our security awareness communications .

E M PLOY E E  PA R TI C IPATIO N

Union Pacific employees know the importance of robust cybersecurity measures . We require annual training that 
includes information on data security policies and procedures . All employees must also work to protect the company’s 
business information and computer systems against unauthorized use, including unauthorized personal use .

Union Pacific blocks hundreds of millions unwanted emails each year, of which some attempt to gain access to 
company or private information . Employees are regularly coached on how to identify phishing attacks, and how to 
avoid being victimized . They are also required to report suspicious activity through our Response Management 
Communication Center .

16

CISA Appoints Rahul Jalali to 
Cybersecurity Advisory Committee

Union Pacific’s Rahul Jalali, senior vice president- 
Tech and chief information officer, has been 
appointed by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure 
Security Agency (CISA) to its Cybersecurity 
Advisory Committee (CSAC) . CISA recently 
brought onboard additional experts from the public 
and private sectors to advise on policies and 
initiatives enhancing the nation’s cyber defense .

Established in June 2021, the CSAC is comprised 
of experts on cybersecurity, technology, risk 
management, privacy and resilience, who advise 
the director on policies and programs related to 
CISA’s mission .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTCybersecurity Requires Leveraging New Technologies and Processes

We have implemented an industry-leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to ensure UP’s operations are appropriately protected from cyber events . 
Some highlights of enabling secure tech include:

 •   Enabling our mobile workforce throughout all our facilities by providing secure, easy-to-use handheld devices, such as Zebra devices, to help perform their work 

efficiently and safely .

 •   UP’s cloud journey is progressing with a secure-build mindset thanks to a cross-functional team from Security and other Tech groups . We are engaged with third-party 

cloud security firms to help assess and implement secure hosting solutions to provide new opportunities for our business partners .

 •   The Security and other Tech teams, including infrastructure and applications development, have partnered to create the Security Champions program . Security 

Champions are provided opportunities to upskill in the area of application security, which they use to drive the secure design, creation, and implementation of applications 
within their teams . This focus on secure design throughout the lifecycle of an application drives a more seamless, secure development lifecycle .

 •   We have removed the most common tool of a hacker by providing our management employees with security keys to help ensure they do not fall victim to a cybercriminal . 

The final phase of this will be to require usage of the tokens by craft employees later this year .

17

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT4. Risk Management & Internal Controls

Embedding a strong risk management and internal control process to protect from risks or effectively mitigate if they do occur.

S TRO N G R IS K  M AN AG E M E NT   PRO C E S S E S  C O R E  TO  S TRO N G  BUS IN E S S

The Corporate Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee monitors the 
allocation of risk and sustainability oversight among the Board and its Committees . 
It also annually reviews the company’s political activities and political activity reporting .

The Compensation and Benefits Committee is responsible for assessing risks 
arising from the company’s compensation policies and programs and oversees 
human capital-related risks, including with respect to the recruitment, development 
and retention of company personnel and employee engagement and effectiveness .

For more information, see our 2023 Proxy Statement .

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the assessment and management 
of the critical enterprise risks affecting the company . Management identifies and 
prioritizes enterprise risks and reviews them with the Board at least once a year to 
answer any questions and obtain input related to mitigation strategies and categories 
of risk . The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee primary responsibility for 
oversight of risks related to financial and operational controls of the company, as well 
as compliance, regulatory, safety, sustainability, climate and cyber risks .

To address and mitigate cybersecurity risks, our Senior Vice President-Information 
Technologies and Chief Information Officer and our Assistant Vice President and 
Chief Security Officer lead a team responsible for establishing enterprise-wide 
security strategy, standards, architecture, policies and processes, and report to the 
Board or Audit Committee at each of its regularly scheduled meetings .

To address climate risk, our enterprise risk management program provides for the 
review, monitoring and mitigation of climate change risks and how these risks may 
affect the company’s ability to participate in emerging commodity or financial markets 
or impact rail’s environmental advantage over other modes of transportation . The 
Audit Committee and our Board receive updates on company activities and mitigation 
strategies related to climate risk .

The company’s enterprise risk management process is dynamic and continually 
monitored so that the company can timely identify and address any potential risks 
that arise in the ever-changing economic, political, legal and technology threat 
environment in which the company operates .

The Chief Accounting, Risk and Compliance Officer, who reports to the Chief Financial 
Officer and is responsible for the company’s enterprise risk management program, 
meets with the Audit Committee at each of its scheduled meetings . The Audit 
Committee regularly receives reports throughout the year from the Chief Accounting, 
Risk and Compliance Officer and the senior executives responsible for financial 
reporting processes, safety and compliance, cybersecurity, and environmental and 
litigation matters . Additionally, the senior executives responsible for implementation of 
appropriate mitigation strategies for the company’s top enterprise risks provide reports 
and updates directly to the Audit Committee and/or the Board throughout the year .

18

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT5. Human & Labor Rights

Respecting human and labor rights to protect those around us from harm and to provide decent jobs to our workforce.

H U M AN R I G HTS  E FFO R TS   ALI G N W ITH  U N ITE D  N ATI O NS  S TAN DA R DS

Union Pacific exists to build America . How we accomplish that is as important as what we do – connecting businesses and communities to the world . We are committed to 
respecting the human rights of our workforce by fostering a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace for each of our employees . We’re also working to ensure that our value 
chain partners have a commitment to universal human rights that mirrors our own .

Union Pacific’s Human Rights Policy aligns with the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other internationally accepted standards and outlines our 
expectations for our supply chain partners . Every employee is expected to understand and comply with this policy . Through our annual The How Matters training, all employees 
are trained on our Human Rights policy .

OU R H U M A N  R I G HTS   M ITI G ATIO N M E A S U R E S

Union Pacific understands the importance of protecting human rights, not just of our own employees, but of all people . Throughout our network, we have taken several actions 
to embed proper management of human rights into our business, including:

Policies and Standards

Union Pacific has multiple policies that touch on the protection of human rights, including our Human Rights Policy, our Supplier Code of Conduct and our Commitment to 
Health & Safety . These policies are reviewed annually and updated when necessary to allow for broad coverage and appropriate standards . Employees are expected to 
understand and comply with all Union Pacific policies . All employees are required to participate in annual training that covers human rights issues .

Supplier Assessments and Audits

In 2022, a sustainability questionnaire was sent to our top suppliers assessing several topics including human rights, safety and ethics . Throughout 2023, the results of the 
questionnaire have been incorporated into supplier scorecard review meetings . Starting in 2023, Union Pacific anticipates incorporating human rights issues into our category 
supplier risk assessments .

Indigenous Communities and People

 Many of the lands we operate on are, and always have been, held in reverence by several First Nations . Working alongside Indigenous communities across our network,  
we aim to strengthen our ties to build strong and mutually beneficial relationships that support economic opportunities .

 •   The Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation (CTUIR) and Union Pacific have worked together on a Tribal Employment Rights agreement since 2013 .  

In an effort to create employment opportunities for tribal members, Union Pacific has held several on-reservation recruiting events . In 2022, Union Pacific presented to 
CTUIR’s leadership about processes for tribal contractors to be approved and to compete for contracting work .

19

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT •   The Council of Native American Heritage (CONAH), launched in 2006, was the fifth employee 
resource group at Union Pacific . CONAH’s mission is to assist Union Pacific with the recruitment, 
retention and development of employees with Native American heritage and to build bridges  
to the Native American community . With their mission in mind, CONAH has strengthened the 
relationship between employees and Indigenous communities, including:

   –   Providing necessary supplies to tribal schools

   –   Spreading awareness to employees regarding murdered and missing indigenous women

   –   Creating awareness events and displays that highlight stories of significant indigenous  

people throughout history

Collective Bargaining Agreements and Labor Practices

Union Pacific works with 13 major rail unions, representing approximately 83% of our roughly 
33,300 full-time employees . Those employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements 
that determine certain terms of their employment . Our company has a long history of working 
alongside unions with collective bargaining agreements that ensure fair and respectful work 
conditions and labor practices, and we are committed to continuing to find ways together to 
enhance the quality of life for our employees through improved working conditions . For more 
information, see our 2022 We Are One Report .

Local Partnerships

Union Pacific collaborates with organizations that focus on human rights issues . In 2023, Union 
Pacific launched a partnership with The Set Me Free Project, a nonprofit organization whose 
mission is to bring prevention education to youth and families to stop human trafficking before 
it begins . Some key initiatives expected to grow from this partnership include human trafficking 
awareness training for Omaha-area lodging employees, developing educational materials for 
employees, and offering awareness training to employees .

CONAH Lunch and Learn participants were taught how to make Native 
American beaded bracelets in the colors of the four directions by native artist 
Valery Killscrow Copeland.

20

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT6. Employment Practices and Development

Supporting and helping employees thrive through training and development opportunities, career progression, ongoing engagement, benefits and rewards.

E M PLOY E E S  M US T  F E E L  VA LU E D , E N G AG E D  A N D  IN S PI R E D

Union Pacific is committed to providing our employees with a world-class employment experience . As they help fulfill our vision to build America, we want them to feel valued, 
engaged and inspired . The process begins with recruiting talented and diverse employees to join our team . We then focus on training and development, which includes programs 
designed to recognize potential and help our employees grow so we can retain our talent and prepare them for future roles . The final stage is providing our team members with 
the tools to achieve a successful and fulfilling retirement . For more information, see our 2022 We Are One report .

7. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Promoting a culture of equal opportunity, equitable employment and fairness to all irrespective of gender, race, religion, sexuality or disability.

ALL E M PLOY E E S   E N G AG E D   IN  D E & I  E FFO R TS

OU R FO C US

At Union Pacific, we believe diversity, equity and inclusion is not the job of the DE&I 
department, nor Workforce Resources . It is the responsibility of every Union Pacific 
employee . To further our mission of better reflecting the diverse communities we 
serve, Union Pacific set aggressive diversity goals in 2020: Increase our people 
of color population from 29 .4% to 40% and double our female population to 11% 
by 2030 . We made steady progress in 2022 to increase our people of color 
representation by 1 .5 percentage points . Progress toward our female representa-
tion goal remains more challenging – we gained 0 .2 percentage points, driven 
primarily by increased hiring along with improved retention . For more information, 
see our 2022 We Are One report .

VISION 
We Are One 
Our Diverse Heritage – Compels us to stand for opportunity.  
Our Desired Future – Demands we stand for equity. 
Our Shared Humanity – Implores us to stand for justice.

MISSION 
As America’s railroad, Union Pacific has an innate responsibility  
to speak out against all forms of discrimination while creating  
an environment where all can see themselves belonging and 
succeeding.

STRATEGY 
Permeate Union Pacific’s four pillars – People, Practices, 
Philanthropy, Procurement – with the best Diversity and Inclusion 
thinking of the day. Each day, we start anew to ever-evolve what we 
do and ever-educate why we’re doing it.

21

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT8. Emissions & Energy Use

9. Climate Change

Reducing Union Pacific’s direct environmental footprint through carbon 
reduction initiatives and use of energy-efficient technologies.

Taking a proactive approach toward environmental management,  
considering our climate change impacts and risks, and implementing  
effective solutions.

OU R C LI M ATE   A M B ITI O N:  N E T  Z E RO E M IS S IO NS  BY  2 0 5 0

Today, railroads are the most environmentally responsible way to move freight on land, cutting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by up to 75% compared to commercial trucks . In 
2021, we set our science-based target to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and GHG emissions on a well-to-wheel basis from locomotive 
operations 26% by 2030 from a 2018 base year . In 2022, we formally committed with the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) to revise our near-term emissions reduction 
target to support a 1 .5ºC climate ambition, as well as set and validate a net-zero emissions target .

Locomotive operations represent our greatest source of GHG emissions . Accordingly, our major focus in reducing our carbon footprint is on our locomotive operations .  
We are investing in several avenues to decrease emissions from our locomotive operations including operating efficiencies, biofuels and battery-electric locomotives .

However, looking only at our locomotive operations will not get us to net zero by 2050 . We must also decrease emissions across our value chain . As part of our SBTi revalida-
tion initiative currently underway, we are reassessing our existing Scope 3 value chain emissions data sources and inventory methodologies to reflect our total GHG emissions, 
including those of our extended supply chain . We are also engaging with our upstream suppliers to better understand their emissions reduction activities so that we can better 
measure reductions in our Scope 3 emissions . For more information, see our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

GHG Reduction Goals Get a Lift  
from Hybrid Cranes

Union Pacific finalized contracts to purchase and test 
four hybrid cranes for use in its intermodal yards, with the 
first crane expected to be operational this fall and all four 
cranes in place by the end of 2024 . The cranes will be 
powered by both diesel and batteries . They will operate 
on battery, but when the battery packs are low, the diesel 
generator will kick in to charge the battery and power the 
crane . Three of the cranes will be used at Union Pacific’s 
intermodal terminals in the Chicago area . The cranes 
will arrive in sections and will be assembled on site 
with the first crane operational by late summer or early 
fall . The fourth crane will be used in Los Angeles .

22

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT10. Waste Management & Recycling

Diverting waste from landfills and enhancing recycling and waste 
management initiatives.

R E S P O NS IB LE  WA S TE  M A N AG E M E NT R E QU I R E S 
SO PH IS TI C ATE D  A PPROAC H

Union Pacific moves the goods that families and businesses use every day . As demand 
for products and services continues to grow, responsible waste management and 
material stewardship is becoming increasingly important . Union Pacific implements 
a sophisticated approach for managing waste, which follows three principles:

 1 . minimizing resource requirements;
 2 . diverting waste from landfills;
 3 . managing waste responsibly and in full compliance with regulations .

Union Pacific is partnering with outside companies to implement waste stream 
recovery methods, using sustainable circular measures to reduce landfill impact 
and lower our carbon footprint . Examples include:

 •   We are implementing changes to facility lighting to reduce our electricity usage .

 •   We have worked to reduce paper consumption, watering practices, and the 

consumption of other resources .

 •   At locations where we provide drinking water for employees, we minimize 

resource use where practical and have worked with other water suppliers to 
reduce the volume of plastic used in packaging .

 •   We replace nearly 300,000 tons of railroad ties annually and divert approxi-

mately 93% of the total for energy recovery .

Union Pacific uses relatively little water for its operations . Primary uses are locomo-
tive coolant, washing equipment, vegetation protection to minimize fire risk, and 
drinking water . We conserve water by analyzing accounts, researching irregularities 
and making changes and repairs to eliminate unnecessary use . Our team focuses 
on using data to identify and address consumption changes, which might suggest a 
leak or other issue .

pounds of  
electronic waste

In 2022, Union Pacific recycled:
~161,000
>200,000
>3,400,000

tons of metal

gallons of oil and diesel fuel

pounds of 
batteries

~1,500,000
>56,000

tons of solid waste

Putting “Repair and Re-Use” in Action

For more than 20 years, Union Pacific has identified repairable parts from our 
locomotive, freight car, and maintenance of way equipment, and worked with 
suppliers to repair the parts and return them to service via our repair shops . Many 
parts can be repaired multiple times prior to being replaced . In 2022, we repaired 
over 132,800 individual parts on over 1,500 unique components, avoiding over 
$400 million in purchasing costs for new parts and helping our suppliers to avoid 
the use of over 22,500 tons of new steel .

Advancing Plastics Recycling Makes Impact

Union Pacific joined the Cyclyx consortium in 2022 to lend our expertise in 
developing supply chain solutions for increasing plastic recycling rates . Cyclyx is 
a plastic feedstock management company whose goal is to increase plastic 
recycling rates from 10% to 90% by working with industry partners to source, 
collect and pre-process large volumes of waste and redirect it to be recycled .

Chemical Approval Process Improves

Union Pacific has taken steps to improve its internal chemical approval procure-
ment process to ensure that the chemicals used at UP sites are safe for use by 
employees and that normal use will not cause harm to the environment . Following 
this process also helps us reduce our hazardous waste as we control hazmat at 
the procurement step of the acquisition process .

23

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT11. Responsible Sourcing

Collaborating with partners and vendors to develop mutually beneficial relationships and apply our ethical standards throughout the value-chain, 
including sourcing goods and services responsibly.

E N G AG IN G W ITH  OU R  S U PPLI E R S FO R A S US TA IN A B LE FUTU R E

Each year, Union Pacific spends billions of dollars across its network of nearly 5,000 
suppliers who support the railroad’s operations with fuel, engineering services, 
construction materials and more in the 23 states where it operates . This spending 
represents a significant portion of the economic impact our business generates .

Union Pacific is committed to working with economically, socially and environmentally 
responsible suppliers . In 2022, we published our Sustainable Procurement Statement 
written in accordance with ISO 20400, Sustainable Procurement – Guidance, and 
with the UN Sustainable Development Goals in mind . Through this statement, we 
aim for improving sustainability within our operation through Human Rights & Labor 
Practices, Environmental Stewardship and Business Ethics . Our Supplier Code of 
Conduct, which is reviewed annually, outlines the same expectations for our supply 
chain . We expect all suppliers to abide by our Supplier Code of Conduct, this 
expectation is outlined in our supplier Terms & Conditions .

In 2022, we took supplier engagement a step further by requesting our top Critical 
and Strategic* suppliers to submit responses to a sustainability questionnaire (“the 
questionnaire”) . The questionnaire covered 6 key topics: Safety, Ethics, Cybersecurity, 
Climate Action, Human Rights and Diversity . Once the questionnaire responses were 
received, the data was analyzed and suppliers were placed into one of the following 
tiers based on their responses: Top-Tier, Mid-Tier, Bottom-Tier and Lowest-Tier .

Subsequently, suppliers received notification of their tier placement, as well as action 
items outlining how they might improve their sustainability practices going forward . 
Starting in 2023, our strategic supplier reviews include a review and discussion of 
their responses to the questionnaire . Important action items necessary to improve 
sustainability in the supplier’s operations are explained, resources are provided, and 
an open dialogue with Q&A is encouraged .

Union Pacific performs category risk assessments intended to identify risks attributed 
to specific categories of suppliers across our supply chain . In 2023, the risk assess-
ment process was remodeled to include additional sustainability issues, including 
human rights, and environmental risks . On-site audits are also performed with select 
suppliers to verify the quality of the products we purchase and to better understand 
their safety processes . In 2023, we anticipate adding sustainability metrics to specific 
on-site supplier audits to better understand our supplier’s sustainability initiatives 
and goals .

Supply Chain Due Diligence

Supplier Quality Audits

Strategic Supplier Inspections

Strategic Supplier Reviews

% of Targeted Suppliers who Participated in Supplier Questionnaire

Supply Chain Managers Trained on Sustainability

2022

30

42

17

100%

95%

 *  “Critical Suppliers” provide materials or services that are difficult to obtain from other suppliers and whose failure would impact UP operations. “Strategic Suppliers” provide critical materials or services 
that are difficult to obtain from other suppliers, whose failure would impact UP operations, and have a high capacity to add value through product innovation or Total Cost of Ownership improvement.

24

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTS U PPLI E R D I V E R S IT Y  C AN  D R I V E  P OS ITI V E  BUS IN E S S  R E S U LTS

The benefits that come with having a diverse supplier base are numerous and meaningful .

Supplier diversity programs and activities can introduce new products, services and solutions to our company that 
might otherwise be overlooked . It can be an effective way to promote innovation while also driving price and service 
competition amongst suppliers . In many cases, supplier diversity can bring our investment to the very communities in 
which we operate, promoting job creation at a local level . Supplier diversity can drive positive results for our company 
and our stakeholders .

In many cases, supplier diversity can bring our investment to the very communities in which 

we operate, promoting job creation at a local level. Supplier diversity can drive positive results 

for our company and our stakeholders. 

$813M
spent with 
363
diverse 
suppliers 
across
37
states

$42M
Native American 
suppliers

$589M
Women-owned 
businesses

$85M
African American 
suppliers

In 2022, Union Pacific purchased approximately $813 
million in goods and services from 363 diverse suppliers in 
37 states . Our spending with diverse suppliers grew 56% 
from 2021 to 2022 and has more than tripled since 2017, 
from $239 million . We are working to increase our year-
over-year spend on diverse suppliers by 5% to $850 million 
by the end of 2023 .

Of the $813 million spent in 2022, nearly $589 million (72%) 
was with women-owned businesses and $42 million (5 .2%) 
with Native American suppliers .

Spend with African American suppliers increased more than 
four times to $85 million, thanks to Hightowers Petroleum, a 
Black-owned business based in Ohio that was awarded the 
management of our vehicle fleet fuel purchasing card program .

In 2022 we began capturing, for the first time, our Disability 
Owned Business Enterprises (DOBEs) annual spend accounted 
for $1 .6 million . All our strategic suppliers reported purchasing 
goods and services from diverse suppliers, demonstrating their 
support for our diversity initiative .

25

Union Pacific Celebrates 40 Years 
of Supplier Diversity

In 1982, Union Pacific became the first U .S . 
railroad to establish a formal supplier diversity 
program . That first year, the railroad spent $10 
million with diverse businesses .

To mark the anniversary, Union Pacific hosted its 
first Supplier Diversity Symposium April 26, 2022, 
in Omaha . More than 30 suppliers participated, 
gathering to hear from railroad leadership, network 
with peers and celebrate 40 years of developing, 
cultivating and promoting diverse suppliers .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
12. Socio-Economic Impact

Creating long-term value for customers, shareholders and society through sustainable growth, job creation and economic contribution.

PRO D U C TIV E  E M PLOY M E NT  H E LP S  BO L S TE R  LO C AL  E C O N O M I E S  A N D C O M M U N ITI E S

Throughout our rail network, we reach millions of people living in diverse communi-
ties across North America . We transport millions of goods annually, from consumer 
goods and automobiles to forest products and grain . Creating long-term value for 
customers, shareholders and society is a core part of Union Pacific’s strategy .

We promote sustainable growth through full and productive employment and economic 
contribution . We create economic opportunities for local communities through direct 
employment with us, as well as through spending by local employees . Each American 
freight rail job supports multiple jobs elsewhere in the U .S . economy .

Union Pacific’s capital investments create economic opportunity through supply chain 
activity and represent investments in building a rail network that supports sustain-
able economic growth for generations to come . In 2022, across our 23-state network, 
Union Pacific’s in-state purchasing totaled nearly $8 .7 billion .

26

We are hiring new workers to support our business operations and the growing U .S . 
economy . In 2022, we accelerated our recruitment efforts and exceeded our goal  
of hiring nearly 4,000 employees despite post-pandemic labor market challenges . 
We will continue evolving our recruiting practices, including expanding our industry 
leading Second Chance Hiring Program, award-winning intern programs, and more 
to achieve our hiring and 2030 diversity goals of reaching 11% women and 40% 
people of color representation . For more information on our hiring practices, see our 
2022 We Are One report .

In 2022, we accelerated our recruitment efforts and exceeded our 

goal of hiring nearly 4,000 employees despite post-pandemic labor 

market challenges. 

The Manufacturing Institute

Union Pacific is proud to lead the industry with our inclusionary hiring practices . 
In 2022 we partnered with The Manufacturing Institute to grow our successful 
Second Chance Hiring Program, which provides job opportunities for people who 
were previously incarcerated .

A pilot program began in Houston connecting candidates with community 
support and resources . In its first three months, the program brought in nearly 
100 new applications . By the end of the year, we expanded the program to 16 
locations within Arkansas, California, Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, 
Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Oregon, Texas and Washington – and hired 
nearly 100 Second Chance candidates .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
 
13. Infrastructure Investment and Protection

Investing in and protecting our network infrastructure and working with regulatory officials to align our business with the country’s infrastructure 
requirements and needs.

IN V E S TIN G IN  OU R  N E T WO R K   TO  P OW E R  OU R  FUTU R E

From apps managing train systems to enhanced track inspection systems, we continually invest in new technologies that enhance safety, efficiency and service . We believe the 
more we invest in building a safer and more efficient railroad today, the better our infrastructure can serve communities going forward .

New Ties Installed (thousands)

Track Miles of Rail Replaced

Track Miles Surfaced

Track Miles of Rail Capacity Expansion

2021

2022

4,058

502

10,441

70

3,712

542

9,502

44

Frequency of Internal Integrity Inspections*

5,574

6,027

  *  Weekly inspections multiplied by the miles of track on 
which the inspections took place, divided by total main 
track miles.

Engineering Construction Team 8460 worked injury-free throughout the Oscuro, New Mexico, siding extension project – adding 
to the team’s more than one-and-a-half year injury-free record.

IMPROVING OUR INFRASTRUCTURE’S RESILIENCY TO WEATHER IMPACTS

In 2022, we conducted an extensive climate scenario analysis to better understand the risks to and opportunities 
for our operations, infrastructure and supply chains from specific climate scenarios . The climate scenario analysis 
identified nine climate-related driving forces that impact our business, including physical risks related to chronic 
and acute climate change . The analysis is being used to evaluate and develop strategies to better mitigate acute 
and chronic weather impacts, such as flooding, drought, and wildfire . For a detailed discussion of our climate 
scenario analysis, please see our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

27

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
Innovative Technology Powers Operational Efficiency and Resiliency

We are investing in new technologies our employees can use every day to maintain safe, efficient, and resilient rail operations .

Intelligent Terminal is a suite of Artificial Intelligence (AI) planning tools used by 
yardmasters to optimize decision making, from yarding to departure . It reduces dwell 
and missed connections, and improves fluidity . The suite of tools includes:

 •   Class Planner – An AI optimizer that creates a hump sequence for inbound 

trains and schedules necessary re-humps . Benefits include minimized car dwell, 
minimized missed connections, automation of manual procedures, and enhanced 
communication between yardmasters and switching crews .

Integrated Transportation Planner is a suite of tools used for plan modeling, 
optimization, and monitoring of Union Pacific’s Transportation Plan . It supports 
higher variability in the planning process, ensuring rail assets are used as efficiently 
as possible .

Precision Train Builder (PTB) simulates the physics of a train consist over a given 
geographic route to predict – and therefore prevent – physical forces that might 
cause a safety incident, such as a derailment . New PTB functionality now recommends 
where locomotives should be placed in the train, further increasing operational safety 
and protecting infrastructure .

Mobile Locomotive Shops – We are redesigning locomotive shop applications to 
leverage mobile friendly devices to record work completions, replacing use of central-
ized kiosks and large laptops . This will reduce duplicate entries and allow employees 
to complete reporting tasks more quickly, which will improve the scheduling availability 
of locomotive power . More locomotive availability means that we can respond more 
quickly demand for locomotives, improving our operations’ fluidity .

 •   Terminal Dashboard is integrated into UP Vision and provides real-time terminal 
performance visibility . It conveys leading indicators that allow terminal management 
to identify potential problem areas before they become an issue .

Above: A screen from the Precision Train Builder program. Users can compare theoretical  
train consist designs over actual train routes. Factors like weather, track adhesion and more  
are calculated.

28

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT14. Stakeholder Engagement

Engaging with our stakeholders, which includes employees, customers, investors, suppliers, representatives, and community leaders, to build strong 
relationships and provide excellent customer service to meet and exceed their needs.

C O M M ITM E NT  R E FLE C TE D  IN   RO BUS T  S TA K E H O LD E R  C O M M U N I C ATI O N E FFO R TS

Our four key stakeholders are at the heart of our  
ongoing sustainability efforts .

Employees

Technology and Innovations Positively Impact Employee Work Environment

Union Pacific’s more than 33,000 employees work 
24/7 across our 23-state service area . We support and 
engage employees through the following channels:
 •   Employee clubs and resource groups
 •   Employee Engagement Survey and focus groups to 

gather direct employee feedback that informs 
policy decision-making

 •   Annual ethics training and regular ethics bulletins
 •   A Values Line, allowing employees to anonymously 

report concerns 24/7

 •   Employee electronic newsletters
 •   Portal communications
 •   Social media
 •   DE&I Listening Sessions
 •   Operating Excellence meetings
 •   Senior management town halls with question-and- 

answer sessions

 •   CEO communication, such as online and in-person 
town halls with question-and-answer sessions; 
videos covering key issues, including safety and 
employee engagement; a blog highlighting observa-
tions from field visits and topics impacting the 
company; and monthly employee virtual lunches

 •   Information Television Network
 •   Microsoft Outlook emails and Teams communities
 •   Home mailings, including quarterly newsletters
 •   Annual Leadership Conference

DigiCrew moves TEY crew reporting from a paper-
based, end-of-shift process to a digital, real-time 
process . Employees use a mobile device for real-time 
information and reporting . That means better informed 
decision making, fewer trips to the crew room, and less 
radio chatter for basic information gathering . DigiCrew 
is deployed across 7,300 devices across 7 service 
units . Nearly 14,000 devices have been assembled and 
distributed through 2022 .

Intermodal Vision is a visual management tool that 
provides real-time visibility into the health of Union 
Pacific intermodal terminals . The tool consolidates 
information found in dozens of disparate systems, 
screens, reports, and analytical tools into a seamlessly 
integrated product, custom-tailored to the unique needs of UP’s Intermodal network . Intermodal Vision will 
identify potential operational issues before they arise, enabling quicker response and resolution times . Users 
include ramp contractors, employees and managers .

UP Vision 3.0 is an all-in-one network surveillance tool that identifies issues and provides tools and information 
to handle them . UP Vision tracks active trains anywhere on the UP system and provides train length, equipment 
count, train timeliness, crew availability and cars released from industry .

Terminal Work List Mobile NX leverages UP’s mobile capabilities with the Mobile NX (eNtrance/eXit) 
product, which allows switchmen and mechanical employees to align routes, derails and retarders . The system 
can automate inventory moves, as well as make one-click signal asset maintenance requests . This increases 
productivity, reduces work events, improves safety and replaces obsolete hardware .

29

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTCustomers

Technology Powers Improved Customer Experience

Union Pacific has strong relationships with its customers . 
At the heart of those relationships are multi-faceted 
communication efforts, enabling us to develop solutions 
that meet their changing needs and support growth . 
We engage customers through the following channels:

 •   Email and calls to actively keep customers updated 

and notified

 •   Face-to-face, teleconference and virtual meetings
 •   Webinars
 •   Customer website and secure customer portal, 
including a Virtual Assistant (chat feature) and 
Online Self-Help Library to assist customers with 
doing business with Union Pacific

 •   Shipment Notifications, with more than 40 types 

available to subscribe to, customers customize the 
information they want to see on their shipments
 •   Smartphone apps and mobile-friendly services
 •   API integration
 •   Track Record, our online magazine designed to help 
transportation and logistics professional secure 
accessible, cost-effective and reliable solutions, and 
Track Record eNewsletter

 •   Social media
 •   Shipment notifications
 •   Rail operation announcements and commercial 
updates from the executive vice president –
Marketing and Sales

 •   Customer surveys and forums for evaluations and 

suggestions

 •   Our 24/7 Customer Care and Support team

Here are some examples of the technology Union Pacific is either developing or using every day to improve its 
customers’ overall experience .

APIs for Supply Chain Customer Integration – UP leverages our cutting-edge microservices architecture 
to deliver APIs (application programming interface) for seamless customer and supply chain integration . Our 
daily API volume of 5 .4 billion calls (tasks performed) has increased by 233% in the last 2 years and will grow 
even more as we connect with more customers and partners across our ecosystem . Current customer volumes 
are more than 700,000/day . Additionally, we are expanding to push APIs for more timely data delivery and exploring 
analytics connectivity to enable customers to easily tie UP data into their internal reporting systems . Union 
Pacific’s advanced API ecosystem and capabilities was a key enabler in the successful onboarding of the 
Schneider intermodal business .

Customer Onboarding is becoming digital . We are redesigning the onboarding experience with:
 •   automation to reduce onboarding time,
 •   integration to eliminate duplicate data entry, and
 •   new/improved interfaces and notifications to increase visibility .

For customers, this means less waiting and more visibility to start shipping sooner .

Invoicing enhancements will improve our customers’ visibility to freight and accessorial invoices while simpli-
fying their ability to pay, remit, dispute and manage their account . This also provides the foundation to connect 
invoicing to our customer engagement platform .

Proactive Notifications provide concise, up-front information to customers who may be impacted by mainte-
nance planned by UP . Notifications are sent ahead of time to those affected so customers can move traffic or 
communicate the impacts to their business partners . Customers can sign up to receive broad, monthly messages 
or more concise on-demand messages .

Unit Train Visibility application provides bulk customers enhanced visibility into their shipments, as UP 
continues to streamline its services via longer trains and combination trains . This effort, as a part of the larger 
Unit Train Customer Interface effort, and in tandem with Shipment Management, returns this visibility and 
allows customers to act on trains they care about .

Shipment Management is our one-stop shop for customers to manage their shipments . This application 
serves each business line (Intermodal, Manifest, and Unit Train) and shortline partners in a unique way, 
matching their specific needs .

30

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTCommunities

Shareholders

Clear communication with shareholders is important to Union Pacific . We engage 
them through the following channels:

 •   Proxy statements and other SEC filings
 •   Annual Shareholders meeting
 •   Our Investor Relations site, featuring upcoming events, public filings, weekly 

industry reports, shareholder resources and answers to frequently asked questions

 •   Building America Report
 •   Climate Action Plan
 •   We Are One Report
 •   Materiality Assessment
 •   Fact Book
 •   Participation in voluntary sustainability disclosure, such as CDP, and engaging 
with sustainability ratings firms such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
(DJSI), EcoVadis, MSCI, Sustainalytics, and JUST Capital .

 •   Face-to-face, teleconference and virtual shareholder meetings with management 

and investor conferences

 •   Quarterly earnings reports and conference calls

Union Pacific’s business positively impacts communities, through proactive engage-
ment with community leaders, creating economic growth and development opportu-
nities for local businesses, investing in workforce development, providing career 
opportunities and reducing roadway congestion to improve air quality . We support 
communities through the following channels:

 •   A local public affairs team who regularly engages with elected officials, economic 

development alliances, civic groups and other community leaders to address commu-
nity concerns and identify opportunities to collaborate on issues of mutual interest .

 •   Community event sponsorships and employee volunteer opportunities .
 •   The Community Ties Giving Program, which builds safe, prosperous, vibrant and 
inclusive communities focused on safety, workforce development, enhanced 
community spaces and environmental sustainability projects .

 •   The UP CARES program to promote rail safety education and law enforcement 

partnerships .

 •   Free railroad safety presentations for community members, drivers, students and 

other users of public and private crossings .

 •   Active participation in community forums and advisory groups to provide input on 
public-private infrastructure projects, including grade separations of roads and 
railroad tracks, highway rail crossing evaluations, and rails-to-trails conversions .

 •   Free hazardous materials safety and response training for first responders .
 •   Inside Track, our website dedicated to sharing news, photos and video about 
Union Pacific, our employees and the communities where we live and work .
 •   Social media platforms, including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram and 

YouTube to share company news of interest .

In addition to our local employees and public affairs team members, we provide 
mechanisms for community members to engage directly with Union Pacific . Our 
national 24/7 emergency hotline and online reporting tool allow community leaders 
and members of the public to report emergencies, safety concerns, vehicles 
stopped on railroad tracks, hazardous material releases, criminal activity in progress, 
fires, and other incidents requiring immediate response . Data from these calls is 
logged and distributed within our company for resolution . In addition, our public 
affairs team reviews these reports to identify opportunities to further engage with 
communities, bringing our internal departments together with external stakeholders 
to collaborate on solutions that benefit the communities we operate through .

Union Pacific employees volunteer at a Special Spaces event.

31

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTOTH E R  K E Y  AU D I E N C E S

Policymakers

Suppliers

Union Pacific works closely with federal and state lawmakers as well as regulatory 
officials to align our business investments with the country’s infrastructure require-
ments, shaping a responsible and sustainable operating environment through the 
following channels:

 •   Transparent compliance reports, voluntary agreements and in-person meetings
 •   Ongoing dialogue via staff in Washington, D .C ., and across our network
 •   Participation in the Association of American Railroads (AAR) and U .S . 

Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) SmartWay Transport Partnership

 •   Employee and corporate regulatory and legislative advocacy
 •   Union Pacific Environmental Management team regulatory engagement
 •   Collaboration with the Federal Railroad Administration, Surface Transportation 

Board, U .S . Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and other government agencies

Suppliers are an important part of Union Pacific’s business, helping us serve our 
customers and provide quality materials . We manage suppliers through our Supplier 
Code of Conduct and Quality program, engaging them through the following channels:

 •   Electronic commerce capabilities
 •   Supplier performance tracking system
 •   Supplier diversity program
 •   Face-to-face, teleconference and virtual meetings
 •   Annual Performance Review with Strategic Suppliers
 •   Site visits to ensure quality and performance
 •   Annual Supplier Diversity Symposium

Business and Industry Affiliations

Union Pacific participates in a number of trade associations, industry groups and 
nonprofits across North America . There is a wide array of benefits to being involved 
with these organizations, including the development of policy recommendations and 
rail safety protocols, infrastructure investment, and shared knowledge and research . 
With such a diverse set of members within each organization, it is unlikely that Union 
Pacific will agree with the specifics of every policy position taken . However, we must 
evaluate the nature and extent of our disagreements and weigh that against the 
broader value of our continued participation in each organization .

Union Pacific plays a leadership role in these organizations, where we use our 
influence to advocate for policy positions that align with Union Pacific’s goals, values, 
and policy aims . We are also engaged in the appropriate committees and working 
groups of trade associations to best exercise leadership and influence relevant policy 
positions . Union Pacific reviews its participation in these organizations on an ongoing 
basis, including in the Climate Lobbying Alignment Assessment .

Maqui Parkerson, vice president-Labor Relations, left, was among those who met with 
President Biden at the conclusion of last year’s national labor negotiations. 

32

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT15. Community Engagement

Going beyond Union Pacific’s direct business activities to support communities through charitable giving, event participation and volunteering.

COMMUNIT Y TIE S GIVING 
PROGR AM BUILDS VIBR ANT 
COMMUNITIE S

Union Pacific’s charitable giving programs have 
helped thousands of nonprofit organizations achieve 
their missions since 1959 . Funding allocated by the 
Community Ties Giving Program ranges from $2,500- 
$25,000 for organizations receiving local grants, and 
up to $4 million for multi-year national key partnerships .

The ethical treatment of others is important to Union 
Pacific . Our Anti-Discrimination Policy reflects our 
dedication to work only with nonprofit organizations 
that do not discriminate based on a person’s race, color, 
sex, ethnicity, national origin, age, disability, religion, 
past or present military service, sexual orientation, 
gender identity and or/expression, genetic information, 
pregnancy, political affiliation, marital or familial status, 
or any other status protected by law . Organizations 
must be willing, if asked, to attest that they prohibit 
discrimination on these grounds .

Union Pacific understands each community has 
unique challenges and opportunities . The programs 
we support align with one or more of our social 
impact goals related to safety, workforce development, 
community spaces and the environment . Together,  
our work in these areas builds safe, prosperous and 
vibrant communities – places people want to be .

Community Spaces  
      $5.8M
206 
Community buildings built or enhanced

466 
Parks/greenspaces created or enhanced

$24.1M
Community Investment
2,500 Organizations Reached

526
Public space “clean-ups”

Safety

 $2.7M

244,560
Individuals trained in safety procedures
24,199
Safety-related class/program hours delivered
322
Emergency response equipment procured
10,506
Personal safety equipment distributed to citizens

33

Workforce Development  
         $3.6M 

283,230 
Career-related class/program hours delivered

38,141 
Individuals trained in job skills 

7,319 
Job placements made

Matching Gifts
$2.8M 

Local 
Community Support

$9.2M 

45M
Individuals served

14M
From underserved populations 

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
 
E N V IRO N M E NTAL  S US TA IN A B ILIT Y  B E C O M E S  FOU R TH P ILL A R  O F G I V IN G PRO G R A M

Union Pacific’s Community Ties Giving Program was originally built on three pillars: Safety, Workforce Development and Community Spaces . In November 2022, Union Pacific 
added Environmental Sustainability as its fourth pillar, extending the company’s bold commitment to reduce impacts of climate change, building a more sustainable economy .

Adding Environmental Sustainability as a priority funding area supports our overall Sustainability strategy . Our company is deeply committed to reducing our impact on the 
environment including through several internal and external initiatives outlined in our 2022 Climate Action Plan . Extending this commitment to community investments will 
allow Union Pacific to make an even bigger impact in communities across its 23-state footprint .

Environmental Sustainability

Safety

The future of our business, communities and planet depends on bold action to 
reduce the impacts of climate change while building a more sustainable economy 
for the next generation . We are committed to supporting leading environmental 
non-profits and community-based organizations to advance the health of our 
environment . We prioritize funding for programs that support the following objectives:

Communities thrive when residents feel safe . Union Pacific is committed to 
helping communities prevent and prepare for accidents and emergencies, helping 
everyone go home safely at the end of each day . This reflects our commitment to 
employee safety and the communities we serve . We prioritize funding for programs 
that achieve the following objectives:

 •   Reserve and restore nature, including programs focused on natural habitats, 

ecosystems, and biodiversity .

 •   Protect and enhance water or air quality through innovative and proactive 

solutions that seek to improve clean air and water, including water conserva-
tion and emission reduction programs .

 •   Reduce waste through initiatives focused on promoting recycling and circu-

larity throughout the community, including recycling and composting programs 
and other efforts that reduce waste .

 •   Encourage safe behaviors and prevent accidents through education  
and awareness, particularly projects focused on rail, driver, bike and  
pedestrian safety .

 •   Eliminate risks and improve safe access to community spaces through 

infrastructure improvements . Examples include signage, proper lighting and 
public trail upgrades .

 •   Prepare and equip residents and emergency responders to effectively  

respond to incidents and emergencies, if or when they occur .

 •   Develop environmental stewards through youth programs focused on fostering 

 •   Prevent crime and violent incidents through efforts addressing the root  

environmental appreciation, responsibility, and leadership .

causes and seeking to mitigate their occurrence .

 •   Advance a green economy by helping communities accelerate their transition 
to green jobs and renewable energy, as well as helping nonprofits and small 
businesses build their own capacity to operate more sustainably .

 •   Provide unhoused and at-risk populations access to safe shelter and services 

that ameliorate and prevent homelessness .

34

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTWorkforce Development

Community Spaces

For more than 160 years, Union Pacific has helped stimulate economic growth  
in cities and towns across the nation by training and providing employment to 
thousands of workers . We believe a skilled workforce and access to jobs paying 
good wages are essential elements for a prosperous community . We prioritize 
funding for programs that support the following objectives:

 •   Putting youth on the right track by creating awareness of family-supporting 

jobs, such as those offered by Union Pacific, and building foundational skills, 
specifically in the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics-related 
fields, as well as necessary technical and life skills to begin a trajectory  
toward these careers .

 •   Raising awareness of educating and preparing young adults for middle-skills 
jobs through community colleges, vocational and career training programs, 
workforce readiness initiatives and programs assisting with job placement 
and/or on-the-job experience .

Vibrant communities attract businesses, tourists and skilled workers . We seek  
to ensure residents within our communities have access to special places 
celebrating cultural diversity, artistic expression, our natural environment and  
the social interactions enriching their lives . We believe such community spaces 
contribute to the distinct identity of cities and towns . We prioritize funding for 
programs and projects that meet the following objectives:

 •   Creating, sustaining or expanding upon artistic and cultural experiences 

offered to a broad and diverse audience . For example, museums, theaters, 
libraries, concerts and lectures .

 •   Preserving and sharing a local community’s unique history, including projects 

related to trains and/or Union Pacific history .

 •   Providing clean, safe and positive outdoor recreational and/or educational 

opportunities fostering an appreciation for our natural environment .

 •    “Upskilling” the existing workforce by providing training and resources enabling 

workers to reach the next level in their careers .

 •   Beautifying neighborhoods and main street areas to improve livability, promote 

commerce and, ultimately, attract more residents, businesses and visitors .

 •   Providing training and mentorship for nonprofit professionals, helping them 

grow and advance their organizations .

 •   Planning for, creating or enhancing unique spaces reflecting a community’s 

character, and diverse needs and desires .

35

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTK E Y PA R TN E R S H IP S   PROV I D E M E A S U R A B LE C O M M U N IT Y I M PAC T

From local grants to key partnerships, our philanthropic outreach aligns with Union Pacific’s long-standing commitment to Building America . Key regional and national partner-
ships provide large-scale, targeted grants intended to achieve significant, measurable and sustainable impact in our communities, while supporting Union Pacific’s key areas of 
giving in safety, workforce development, community spaces and environmental sustainability .

National Partners

Union Pacific is proud to partner with these world-class nonprofit organizations, empowering communities to create safer places for children and families, bring economic prosperity 
and well-being to our neighborhoods, preserve and restore nature, and explore boundless opportunities through one of our country’s greatest treasures – national parks .

Safe Kids Worldwide – Union Pacific has partnered with Safe Kids Worldwide to reach a full continuum – from pre-schoolers and K-12 youth to parents – with research-
based education and messaging designed to reduce risky behaviors that lead to rail-related incidents .

The Manufacturing Institute (MI) – Our partnership with The Manufacturing Institute, the workforce development and education partner of the National Association of 
Manufacturers, will help shrink the gender gap in the workforce by inspiring more women and young people to pursue modern industry careers .

National Park Foundation (NPF) – As an early supporter of the National Park System, Union Pacific is proud to join the National Park Foundation as the premier partner 
of NPF’s Youth Engagement and Education mission . The partnership supports the Open OutDoors for Kids program, providing national park experiences for thousands of 
students across UP’s 23-state network . National Park field trips encourage students to develop a sense of adventure while educating youth about science, history, conservation 
and their role in protecting national and local treasures .

The Nature Conservancy (TNC) – A nonprofit dedicated to conserving the lands and water on which life depends, has been selected to help further the mission of the new 
environmental sustainability pillar for the next three years . TNC was selected because its work aligns closely with the railroad’s goals and objectives, which are to: preserve and 
restore nature; protect and enhance water or air quality; reduce waste; develop environmental stewards; and advance a green economy .

Safe Kids Worldwide

Union Pacific and nonprofit Safe Kids Worldwide teamed 
up to drive home an important message for families in a 
new rail safety video: Model rail safety, because ‘Nothing’ is 
worth more than your child’s life . UP is proud to partner 
with Safe Kids Worldwide through a second multiyear 
partnership demonstrating the railroad’s commitment to 
the safety and wellbeing of communities within its oper-
ating footprint . Safe Kids coalitions conduct transportation 
safety education programs nationwide regarding child 
pedestrian, school bus, bike, railroad and passenger safety .

National Park Foundation

A trip to a national park can change the way 
a student views the world for the rest of 
their life, providing Union Pacific wants to 
help foster that admiration and respect . With 
the help of UP’s sponsorship, the National 
Park Foundation called Open Outdoors  
for Kids, expects to reach over a million 
students in the next four years, creating a 
unique opportunity for fourth graders to 
learn about and explore national parks . 

36

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTRegional Partners

Regional partnerships are granted by invitation only, and like our national partnerships, are often multi-year commitments, designed to provide long-term impact in our commu-
nities . We want to work with organizations where we can explore big ideas, build powerful momentum within our communities, and achieve significant, lasting impact across 
Union Pacific’s network . Among them are:

 •  Associated Industries of Arkansas

 •  Boys & Girls Club of Placer County

 •  Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership

 •  City of Villa Grove

 •  Creighton University

 •  Denver Zoo

 •  Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) Chicago

 •  Mosaic Templars Cultural Center – Little Rock

 •  Nebraska Museum of Art

 •  Oregon Museum of Science & Industry

 •  Portland Community College

 •  Pottawattamie Arts, Culture, and Entertainment Center

 •  Destined for Empowerment Community Development Corporation – Houston

 •  Salt & Light Works – Visalia

 •  Doña Ana Community College – Santa Teresa

 •  San Antonio Zoological Society

 •  Golden Spike Foundation

 •  Hemisfair – San Antonio

 •  Jefferson City Parks & Recreation

 •  Junior Achievement of Utah

 •  Twin Cities Public Television

 •  Southwest Texas Junior College -- Eagle Pass

 •  Street Soccer USA – Sacramento

 •  Texas A&M Transportation Technology Institute

D IV E R S IT Y, E QU IT Y  &  IN C LUS I O N  C O M M ITM E NT

Union Pacific is committed to the goal that 100% of Community Ties Program giving will support programs or organizations which demonstrate a commitment to advancing 
diversity, equity and inclusion . DEI-aligned grants are defined as meeting one (or more) of the following:

 •   The purpose of the grant is to advance the interests of an underrepresented or underserved population as they relate to Union Pacific’s priority cause area .

 •   The grant will primarily serve an underrepresented population . 

 •   The organization is taking actions to instill DEI internally and/or within its programs .

Last year, 89% of our local grantees met our DE&I goals .

37

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
16. Land Rights & Management

Working closely with relevant stakeholders to ensure effective management of land and consideration of biodiversity and environmental land management.

BIODIVE RSIT Y S TATE ME NT, NATURE CONSE RVANCY PARTNE RSHIP UNDE RSCORE COMMITME NT

Our wide reach across the United States means it’s important that we act as conscientious stewards to protect the biodiversity we encounter through our operations . In 2022, 
Union Pacific took two major actions to demonstrate the importance of protecting biodiversity . First, we published a Biodiversity Statement outlining our commitment to preserve 
the land our operations touch . Second, we partnered with The Nature Conservancy to support three separate nature-based solutions projects based in Nebraska, California 
and Texas . Project goals include grassland and wetland restoration, groundwater recharge, threatened species habitat conservation, and community education .

We know the importance of protecting and managing biodiversity and lands near our rail network . We implement habitat conservation plans to protect ecosystems and 
endangered species in various locations . When our operations are in close proximity to critical biodiversity, we apply the following mitigation hierarchy: 1) avoid impacting, 
2) minimize impact, 3) rehabilitate / restore impact, 4) offset the impact elsewhere .

Union Pacific also engages with community partners and nonprofit organizations working to protect our natural resources or reinvigorate specific ecosystem needs . We review 
our construction and maintenance projects to understand potential environmental impacts and minimize impacts to the extent possible . We also proactively work to avoid 
and minimize impacts to wetlands and other aquatic resources as part of our capital projects . Where impacts are unavoidable, we fund the replacement of wetland or 
aquatic resources lost due to our impacts, or purchase credits in approved mitigation banks .

In California, a field is monitored to assess the cover crop on 
fallowing farmland.

Near the upper Elkhorn River in Nebraska, teams focus on 
keeping grassland areas intact.

The Nature Conservancy has managed Parkhill Prairie in 
Collin County, Texas, for 25 years.

38

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTLooking Forward

We are proud of our progress on sustainability initiatives . Just as important, we believe we are weaving sustainability into our company processes, goals and culture . We believe 
the actions we are taking now will Build America, and contribute to a sustainable world for our workforce, our customers, and our communities for generations to come .

Throughout the year, we will keep you informed as we continue to take necessary, bold actions to reach our aggressive sustainability goals . We also will keep you updated on 
our progress toward meeting those goals by reporting our outcomes at the Sustainability section of UP .com and through our storytelling efforts at our Inside Track news 
website and in media releases posted on UP .com .

We look forward to keeping you updated on our continued progress .

39

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT 
Key Performance Indicators

NETWORK MAINTENANCE

New Ties Installed (thousands)

Track Miles of Rail Replaced

Miles of Track Surfaced

Track Miles of Rail Capacity Expansion

Frequency of Internal Integrity Inspections  
(weekly inspections multiplied by miles of track on which they 
took place) / (total main track miles)

2019

3,475

534

7,741

55

2020

4,671

468

2021

4,058

502

10,414

10,441

83

70

2022

3,712

542

9,502

44

5,496

5,655

5,574

6,027

FATALITIES

Employee Fatalities

Contractor Fatalities

2019

2020

2021

2022

2

1

1

1

2

4

5

3

Employee Fatality Rate  
(employee work-related fatalities / total number of FTEs)

0.000054

0.000031

0.000062

0.000150

INCIDENTS

2019

2020

Train-Related Incidents & Accidents

Train-Related Accidents Involving the Release of 
Hazardous Materials

Non-Accident Release of Hazardous Materials

Trespassing Accidents

Crossing Accidents (per million train miles)

Reportable Equipment Incident Rate  
(# accidents/million train miles)

632

11

148

319

2.72

4.28

451

15

128

336

3.04

3.54

2021

430

2022

498

7

130

415

3.51

3.80

5

118

434

3.58

4.30

Number of Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) 
Recommended Violation Defects*

1,385

1,335

1,817

1,472

 *   These figures are based on FRA inspectors writing inspection reports with recommended 

violations, Union Pacific did not receive violations on all of these.

40

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTWASTE

2019

2020

2021

2022

WATER

Total Waste Generated (Tons)

1,433,365

2,107,755

1,077,503

1,182,181

Water Withdrawal (megaliters)

Hazardous Waste Generated (Tons)

2,246

1,603

114

2,221

Water Discharge (megaliters)

Non-Hazardous Waste Generated (Tons)

1,431,119

2,106,152

1,077,389

1,179,960

Total Water Consumptions (megaliters)

2019

4,517

2,563

1,954

2020

3,622

1,764

1,858

2021

2022

4,148

1,817

2,331

6,082

4,461

1,621

Total Waste Diverted (Tons)

Hazardous Waste Diverted

Preparation for Reuse (Tons)

Recycled (Tons)

Recovery for Energy (Tons)

977,714

989,339

604,801

627,327

561

401

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Non-Hazardous Waste Diverted (Tons)

977,153

988,938

604,801

627,327

Preparation for Reuse (Tons)

Recycled (Tons)

30,968

45,104

91,998

37,710

0

46,192

25,201

37,024

Total Waste Disposed (Tons)

453,405

1,116,813

472,588

552,633

Hazardous Waste Disposed (Tons)

1,685

1,202

Incinerated (Tons)

Landfilled (Tons)

0

0

0

0

114

0

114

2,221

25

2,097

Non-Hazardous Waste Disposed (Tons)

690,916

1,117,214

764,848

784,462

Incinerated (Tons)

Landfilled (Tons)

235,265

266,282

292,145

231,829

455,651

850,933

472,703

552,633

CYBERSECURIT Y

2019

2020

2021

2022

Number of Information Security Breaches or Incidents*

Total Number of Customers and Employees Affected 
by Data Breach

Total Amount of Fines/Penalties Paid in Relation  
to Information Security Breaches or Other 
Cybersecurity Incidents

Number of Substantiated Complaints – Breaches of 
Customer Privacy

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

 *   Union Pacific defines a breach as a penetration of the system in which the attacker obtains 

confidential information.

41

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTSUPPLIERS

Number of Suppliers

Diverse Suppliers

Diverse Supplier Spend (millions)

Local Supplier Spend (millions)

Strategic Suppliers

Strategic Supplier Audits

2019

5,314

3030

$328

$107.8

21

96%

2020

4,672

286

$423

$88.1

19

41%

In-State Purchasing (millions)

$6,766

$5,427

COMMUNIT Y GIVING

Investment in Capital Expenditures (millions)

Community Ties Giving Program (millions)

Employee Volunteer Hours*

2019

$3,453

$22.2

6,532

2020

$2,927

$26.8

4,028

2021

4,828

287

$522

2022

4,937

363

$813

$103.2

$114.3

16

100%

$6,192

2021

$2,936

$22.5

3,821

17

100%

$8,696

2022

$3,620

$24.1

3,907

 *   Only reflects employee volunteer hours greater than 40 hours per employee.

ETHICS

Total Values Line Reports

Substantiated Values Lines Reports

Number of Confirmed Corruption Incidents

% of Employees Completing The How Matters  
Ethics Training

Number of Internally Published Compliance 
Connections

2019

1,260

29%

0

2020

1,271

26%

0

2021

1,222

27%

0

2022

1,342

27%

0

20%

17%

98%

99%

2

2

3

12

% of Required Employees Reporting Whether or not They Had a Conflict of Interest*

100%

100%

% of Required Employees Reporting Whether or not They Made Gifts or Payments 
to Public Officials Disclosure*

100%

100%

% of Required Employees Completing Sexual Harassment Training**

% of Required Employees Completing Foreign and Corrupt Practices  
Act Training (FCPA)***

% of Required Employees Completing Anti-Trust Training***

99%

88%

96%

99%

84%

98%

  *  Required for management and American Railway and Airway Supervisors Association 

(ARASA) employees.

  ** Required for specific location, not entire employee population (CA, NY, IL). 
 *** Required for certain management employees only.

42

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTC AUTIO N A RY  IN FO R M ATIO N    

Our 2022 Building America Report provides additional explanatory information regarding Union Pacific that may not be available, included or directly derived from information 
in the company’s Annual Report . Information included in this document, and any issues identified as important for the purposes of this document, may not be considered 
material for SEC reporting purposes . Materiality and/or the term “material” in the context of this document is distinct from and should not be confused with, such terms as 
defined for SEC reporting purposes . This report includes statements and information regarding future expectations, outcomes or results of the company that are not historical 
facts . These statements and information are forward looking as defined by federal securities laws . Forward looking statements and information can be identified by use of 
forward-looking terminology (and derivations thereof), such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “strives,” “seeks,” 
“aspires,” “endeavors,” “target,” “projects” and other words or phrases of similar intent .

Forward-looking statements and information generally include the following: the company’s expectations, goals, forecasts, targets, and aspirations with respect to sustain-
ability and corporate responsibility matters, including related risks and opportunities; demand for the company’s rail service; enhancing profitability; volume and revenue growth; 
efficiency improvements and increasing returns; the effectiveness or growth of new and newer services; management of network volumes; increasing shareholder value; total 
amount of capital investments;; returns on capital investments; improvements regarding the sustainability, emissions, and safety of our operations and equipment; preserving 
the environment and communities where the company operates; and effectiveness of plans, programs and initiatives related to our workforce . Forward-looking statements and 
information should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times that, or by which, such perfor-
mance, targets, goals, or results will be achieved . Forward-looking statements and information are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or 
results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements . Forward-looking statements and information reflect the good faith consideration by management of 
currently available information and may be based on underlying assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances . However, such information and assumptions 
(and, therefore, such forward-looking statements and information) are or may be subject to variables or unknown or unforeseeable events or circumstances over which 
management has little or no influence or control and may be derived from internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and standards are measuring progress that 
are still developing . Factors that could cause results or outcomes to differ, including the risk factors in Item 1A of the company’s Annual Form 10-K, filed February 10, 2023, 
also could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements and 
information . This report should be read in consideration of these risk factors . To the extent circumstances require or the company deems it otherwise necessary, the company 
will update or amend these risk factors in subsequent Annual Reports, periodic reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K .

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement was made . We assume no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results, 
changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, regardless of any past practice of doing so . If we do update one or more forward-
looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements . Website 
references and/or hyperlinks have been provided for convenience only, and the contents therein are not incorporated into, nor do they constitute a part of, this document .

43

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORTA report to stakeholders on our social, environmental and economic sustainability progress.

At Union Pacific, our strategy is based on delivering safe, consistent and reliable service day in and day out .

Safety and service are the foundation of our Serve, Grow, Win Together’ strategy .

We Serve with customer centered operational excellence Grow carloads, products and services that meet the customer’s needs, and Win by providing value across our enterprise .

We accomplish all of this Together one railroad, one team as we create value for all stakeholders .

That means employees must be fulfilled in their work and feel valued customers must experience Union Pacific helping them win in their markets communities must see that we are supporting them in improving citizens’ lives and our shareholders must be rewarded with returns that encourage further investment .

That path toward success includes our commitment to sustainability initiatives outlined in our comprehensive strategy, Building a Sustainable Future 2030 .

This report along with our 2022 Climate Action Plan, 2022 We Are One Report, 2023 Proxy Statement and other communications keeps you apprised of our progress toward our sustainability goals and where we’re headed in the future .

These reports are updated annually as we discover new ways to achieve our goals and follow through on our commitment to transparent communication of our sustainability efforts .

Our Materiality Assessment in 2021 involved engaging internal and external stakeholders to identify and prioritize our company’s most important sustainability focus areas .

Among our top issues were health, safety and well being, business ethics and conduct and cybersecurity .

Health and Safety: Our commitment to safety remains unrelenting and ever present, reflected in our low employee personal injury rate, which has seen improvement year over year .

We know from recent events in the industry that this is more important than ever before .

In this report we outline our processes and ongoing efforts to reduce derailments and how we respond if a hazardous materials incident were to occur .

Business Ethics: Union Pacific’s reputation and success are determined by the decisions we make as employees, as a company and by the people with whom we choose to do business .

Providing the training and tools needed to help employees make the right decisions is a priority .

Last year, 99% of employees completed The How Matters training, which outlines our policy on ethics and business conduct .

Cybersecurity: Union Pacific has implemented an industry leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to protect its operations from cyber events .

We have several processes and redundancies in place so that we operate as safely as possible and work to prevent any potential cyberattack .

We also perform regular vulnerability scanning and system penetration testing to validate our security controls and assess our infrastructure and software applications .

We block hundreds of millions of unwanted emails each year, and regularly monitor such attacks and coach our employees on how to respond .

The world is more dynamic and expects more from us .

Placing our stakeholders at the center of our decision making helps us find the best solutions .

Helping our customers get their jobs done, supporting and connecting our communities and building on our growth track record while every employee goes home safely are what define Union Pacific and why I know our future is bright .

Union Pacific operates across 23 states in the western two thirds of the nation, touching everything from bustling metropolitan cities to rural farming communities, to remote wilderness .

Our wide reach means it’s important we act as stewards of the communities and terrain we operate through .

It is our responsibility to emphasize the impor tance of diversity and inclusivity within our workforce, pursue innovative technologies, protect clean air and water, and set targets to reduce our carbon footprint so we can achieve net zero emissions by 2050 .

Last year tested the mettle of Team UP through supply chain challenges, economic uncertainty and labor negotiations .

This approach addresses the evolving interests of our stakeholder groups and is more inclusive of our overall impact .

Most importantly, it builds on our foundation of safety our highest priority .

It also addresses our most material sustainability risks, while aligning our commitment with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) .

This pillar encompasses the importance of: Health, Safety and Well being, Business Ethics and Conduct, Cybersecurity and Risk Management Internal Control .

These areas are described in detail later in this report and in our 2023 Proxy Statement .

The health and safety of employees is at the foundation of everything we do .

We are committed to engaging with employees to discuss and understand the risks they may encounter in their daily work so that we can address them .

We continuously monitor our dynamic risk management process to identify and address potential concerns, including those arising in the ever changing economic, political, legal and technological environments in which Union Pacific operates .

At Union Pacific, our goal is to help employees develop skill sets, which enable them to grow, develop in new positions across the company and become experts in their roles .

To do that, we must be committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment that reflects the varied markets and communities we serve .

Recognizing we still have work to do, we continue to focus on building an inclusive culture, and a talented workforce, with a goal to reach 40% people of color and 11% female representation by 2030 .

Read more about our workforce initiatives in our 2022 We Are One Report .

We strive to become the transportation solutions provider of choice for an increasing number of customers via a safe, reliable and customer centric service product .

Capitalizing on the many advantages rail transportation and our network franchise offer, we can grow our volumes over less efficient forms of transportation .

As the most fuel efficient way to move freight over land, rail is a key decarbonization enabler for our economy .

Our value proposition creates economic strength and supports profitable and responsible growth, allowing us to invest more in our future .

We are positioned to support a transition to a low carbon economy through the shipment of sustainable recyclable goods as those markets grow .

Railroads are the most fuel efficient means of transporting freight by land .

However, we know that there are more actions railroads must take to reduce their carbon footprint .

In early 2021, the Science Based Targets Initiative approved our targets to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 and locomotive well to wheel GHG emissions from our operations 26% by 2030 against a 2018 baseline .

In 2022, we formally committed with SBTi to revise our near term emissions reduction target to support a 1 .5 C climate ambition, as well as set and validate a net zero emissions target .

We are continuing to develop our decarbonization and residual emissions strategies in conjunction with this commitment .

Read more about our environmental strategy in our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

Union Pacific is dedicated to investing in communities and improving the quality of life where our employees live and work .

Union Pacific’s capital investments create economic opportunity through employment and supply chain activity, building a rail network that supports sustainable economic growth for generations to come .

The more we invest in building a safe and efficient railroad today, the better our infrastructure can support communities in the future .

Additionally, we pride ourselves on being a good corporate citizen in the communities in which we operate and a champion for diverse suppliers .

The Building America Report provides a top level look at our progress toward achieving the goals surrounding our sustainability approach: Building a Sustainable Future 2030 .

Its focus is derived from our 2021 Materiality Assessment, which reflected the progress of our sustainability program .

Compared to our 2019 assessment, we saw a rise in importance in our talent management practices, environmental actions and the broadening of our diversity and inclusion initiatives to include equity issues .

To guide our sustainability disclosures we rely on several reporting standards and frameworks, including the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting standards, the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) .

Environmental disclosures will incorporate the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and CDP (formerly the Climate Disclosure Project) frameworks .

The 2022 Climate Action Plan (CAP), published in November 2022, outlines efforts to reduce our envi ronmental impact, to achieve our science based target of reducing absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from our operations by 2030 against a 2018 baseline, and ultimately pursue net zero emissions by 2050 .

The 2022 We Are One Report was published in March 2023 .

It outlines our strategy to deliver a world class employee experience and build a more diverse and inclusive culture that better reflects the communities we serve .

That commitment is underscored by our 2030 diversity goals to reach 11% women and 40% people of color representation in our workforce .

Providing detailed, transparent and accessible informa tion on sustainability topics is an important compo nent of our sustainability strategy .

Our Sustainability Metrics and Frameworks webpage combines data reported in our sustainability reports into one combined data table to make information more accessible to our stakeholders .

All data are reviewed and or updated at least annually .

The 2023 Proxy Statement outlines Union Pacific’s commitment to strong corporate governance, effective risk management and strong independent oversight of management by the Board, which is reflected in our sound governance practices and policies .

Union Pacific is committed to being part of the climate solution by proactively seizing opportunities to invest in initiatives to meet, and exceed, our sustainability goals .

Through our Green Financing Framework, Union Pacific may from time to time issue green bonds to support projects with environmental benefits .

As part of this effort, Union Pacific Corporation issued a 600 million green bond tranche on Sept . 9, 2022 .

UP’s Framework addresses the four core components and key recommendations of the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2021 .

We’ve organized this report around the material topics identified through our 2021 Materiality Assessment, which depicts the most material sustainability topics for our stakeholders .

We also highlight which United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Union Pacific contributes to most significantly .

Each report section focuses on one material topic, the aligned SDG (if any), and updates our progress over the past year .

Topics aligned with SDG goals are identified throughout the report .

This streamlined organization makes it easier to follow our goals and efforts as we strive to meet our sustainability objectives .

Putting safety first across all elements of our activities to protect our workforce, our culture and our communities.

The health, safety and well being of our employees have always been a priority at Union Pacific .

Therefore, it was no surprise that both internal and external stakeholders identified this topic as our most important sustainability topic .

World class personal injury safety is not embodied in a number but rather in the goal that every Union Pacific team member goes home safely to their loved ones at the end of each day .

As detailed in our 2022 We Are One Report, Union Pacific is committed to a safety focused culture that engages and empowers employees to recognize potential safety risks and speak up and take action to mitigate those risks .

We utilize a multilayered approach with both system wide and local engagement activities to help drive our safety culture .

While we have consistently maintained an ultimate goal of zero incidents and zero injuries, from 2018 2022 our safety performance struggled to make the next significant step change improvement toward our goal of world class safety performance .

To reach our goals, safety must be embraced as a core value of each employee and our company as a whole .

Rather, we work relentlessly to drive activities and encourage peer to peer and manager employee interactions that reinforce safety as our number one priority .

With the help of our internal Safety team, external safety experts and field employees at all levels of our organiza tion, we continue to refresh our approach and evolve our safety practices and tools .

We are driving to reduce not just reportable injuries, but also control overall employee exposure to safety risks .

Southern Region Track Program employees are living their values with a comprehensive, team first safety strategy taught by craft professionals and supported by local leadership .

As of Jan . 10, 2023, the team of 1,183 people from Rail South, Tie South, Southern Region Track Construction and Southern Region Work Equipment has worked more than 2 .4 million employee hours, or 417 days reportable injury free .

This win in peer to peer safety, the next progression of the deeply rooted Total Safety Culture approach, encourages teams to look out for each other with a high level of engagement, commitment and atten tion .

Safety data is incorporated into team safety engagement plans and used in daily job briefings .

Anticipate, identify and evaluate hazardous conditions and practices .

To reach our goals, safety must be embraced as a core value of each employee and our company as a whole.

The rail accident that occurred Feb . 3, 2023, in East Palestine, Ohio, has generated significant interest, curiosity and concern about hazardous materials being transported by rail .

Union Pacific and all carriers and producers of hazardous materials are reflecting on how well they’re prepared to respond if a similar situation occurs .

Hazardous materials play a part in our everyday life .

They are used to produce a variety of necessities we take for granted, including fuels, cleaners, plastics, medications, and pesticides .

They are even necessary to ensure we have access to safe drinking water .

Federal law requires common carriers, like Union Pacific, to transport hazardous materials .

Railroads haul about 40% of the hazmat used in the United States .

From 2018 2022, railroads had 50 times fewer incidents involving hazardous materials and 10 times fewer injuries from hazmat related incidents .

Hazardous materials are generally hauled in tank cars .

Our regionally based hazardous materials teams perform about 5,000 tank car inspections annually, auditing everything from tank car fittings and car markings to safety appliances .

They also work alongside our contractors, our customers, and government regulators to inspect, report and remedy findings .

All Union Pacific employees are trained regarding hazardous materials safety .

Our train crews know, understand and carry proper instructions when operating a train carrying hazardous materials .

If our inspections identify a shipper with recurring issues, one of our hazmat team members provides on site training so the shipper knows and understands the importance of best practices for handling hazardous materials shipments .

We take our hazmat responsibilities seriously and work with communities who are impacted when accidents occur .

We are transparent with our efforts and coordinate with key parties to remediate environmental impacts as required .

Derailment prevention initiatives are fundamental to safe train operations at Union Pacific .

There are several approaches to accomplishing this work .

Union Pacific utilizes technology, optimal response and maintenance methodologies, and an aggressive capital renewal strategy to help keep trains on the tracks .

Comparing last year to 2019, total derailments on Union Pacific have declined by 21% .

Union Pacific’s robust network of more than 7,000 wayside detection devices monitors the condition of freight cars and locomotives in real time .

These wayside detectors are electronic sensors installed along the tracks used to measure strain, temperature, acoustic signature and dimensions of various components such as bearings, wheels, trucks and braking systems .

These alerts are used to drive UP responses to determine safe handling and repair of rolling stock .

Robust use of wayside detectors vastly improves proactive risk identification and enhances repair capabilities .

Track related derailment prevention is at the forefront of what Union Pacific’s Engineering Department does every day, and in the last 10 years track caused derailments have seen a 55% reduction .

While that is an accomplishment to be proud of, it has not stopped us from continuing to use training and technology to drive that number to zero .

Derailment prevention occurs many ways, but when it comes to track, it boils down to inspection, assessment, and capital renewal .

Union Pacific’s 33,000 employees are responsible for the safe movement of freight that powers our lives, keeps our store shelves stocked and builds our homes and communities .

To do this requires an array of skills that spans every craft, along with a commitment to comprehensive, state of the art training .

In 2022, we provided more than 1 .5 million hours of best in class training to our workforce, including craft professionals who work to enable safe train operations .

From day one, we make sure our team has the tools and skills needed to keep the nation’s supply chain moving .

Newly hired train crew employees spend up to 14 weeks learning railroad safety and operating basics including the cycle of a car, from origin to final destination, as well as how to effectively manage critical resources and safely apply rules .

To check for understanding, exams are given during the training .

The safety of everyone supporting our company’s mission is critical .

All parties employees, contractors and others must do their part collaboratively to help our operations run safely .

All contractors are required to register with eRailSafe prior to coming on Union Pacific property .

We require our contractors to follow all applicable safety regulations, including Union Pacific standards as well as OSHA, FRA and FMCSA requirements .

Contractors must report all cases of personal injury and occupational illness that occur while on duty or on company property to the appropriate manager .

We have begun working with a third party solution provider with expertise in contractor safety data collection, trend analysis, compliance and benchmarking .

During 2023 we plan to implement processes and systems that will improve contractor safety data transparency, help us identify and mitigate contractor safety incident trends, and enhance contractors’ training and qualification compliance in accordance with UP’s requirements .

For more information on our contractor safety measures, please see our contractor safety website .

Union Pacific’s Operating Practices Command Center (OPCC) was created in November 2019 as a 24 7 resource for enabling safety protocol compliance with local, federal and companywide standards across all our service units .

Craft and management personnel receive accurate, consistent information about current rules and regulations, along with instant support from a team of 21 experts on safe train operations .

In addition to being an information resource, the OPCC takes a proactive stance by using state of the art technology to analyze unintended train stops across the network as well as perform recertifications and other annual requirements for all employees .

All Union Pacific employees are trained to perform their jobs safely and efficiently .

Our training compliance system assigns each team member a mandatory training plan consistent with his or her job duties .

Supervisors track progress via an online website that generates training notifications and compliance reports .

Our Training Department constantly reviews training needs across our system and coordinates with supervisors to provide needed training classes .

With a variety of technology at his fingertips, Steve Terrell, manager Operating Practices, assists a train crew from inside the Operating Practices Command Center (OPCC) located at Union Pacific’s Harriman Dispatching Center.

Union Pacific received recertification as a member of the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC) Responsible Care Management System (RCMS) in February 2023 reaffirming its commitment to the safe transportation of customers’ chemical commodities leveraging industry best safety practices .

We’re committed to safely transporting chemical commodities in the communities where we live and work .

As a Responsible Care Partner, UP adheres to the same standards as our ACC customers .

This partnership allows us to work closely with chemical customers to develop safe and efficient supply chain solutions .

RCMS certification signals UP values safety in all of its endeavors, beyond regulatory compliance from employee training to the processes in place to consistently deliver customer shipments incident free .

Here are some examples of technology Union Pacific is either developing or using every day to maintain a safe, efficient rail infrastructure .

Autonomous Geometry Systems Union Pacific is utilizing autonomous geometry systems to greatly increase its track inspection footprint .

Two different platforms currently are being leveraged one located on a locomotive, the other a custom developed boxcar .

The fleet currently consists of seven locomotive systems with plans to increase to ten by the end of 2023 .

By utilizing these different systems, we were able to increase our track miles inspected by a geometry system to over 300,000 miles annually .

Automated Tie Rating Union Pacific is utilizing automated tie rating .

The rating process was previously done by human inspectors on track .

By using an autonomous system, we are able to greatly increase the speed and consis tency of inspections while reducing manual inspection of ties .

We plan to inspect just over 5,000 miles of the UP network using these trucks in 2023 .

Rail Replacement Algorithms Union Pacific uses complex algorithms to identify locations requiring rail replace ment or maintenance .

By leveraging data from the rail inspection fleet, geometry fleet and human inspections, a risk based model has been developed that helps identify locations showing signs of degradation .

This process allows UP to intervene and replace the rail proactively .

New On Off Track Crane Bridge Construction Engineering is developing a new On Off crane, which can be used either on or off the track, depending on terrain .

It is self erecting and can be transported via truck to the work site .

The new crane reduces the need for an on track footprint and will improve the productivity of our bridge construction team .

Upholding the highest standards of legal and ethical conduct through good governance, effective policies, processes and strong values.

Union Pacific’s reputation and success are determined by the decisions we make as employees, as a company and by the people with whom we choose to do business .

Employees are our first line of defense against enterprise risks such as regulatory compliance, environmental, hazardous materials and cybersecurity .

Providing the training and tools needed to help employees make the right decisions is a priority .

We have an internal Guidelines on Ethics and Business Conduct for employees webpage with links to our policies, Q A, reporting information and more .

Our employees are encouraged to speak openly and honestly about business ethics and compliance concerns with their supervisors or Workforce Resources business partners .

Union Pacific recognizes there may be times when employees would like to discuss issues, voice concerns, or report violations in a confidential or anonymous manner .

In these instances, employees are encouraged to call the Values Line or the EEO Hotline .

When an employee calls the UP Values Line or EEO Hotline, an intake specialist from the third party vendor, Navex, creates a report and sends it to UP’s Compliance Team where the report is assigned for investigation .

The How Matters, our policy on Ethics and Business Conduct, explains our expecta tion of ethical conduct .

All Union Pacific employees are required to complete annual training on The How Matters .

Separate training modules are provided to manage ment employees versus craft professionals, highlighting the areas most relevant to their daily work .

In 2022, 99% of employees completed that training .

In certain instances, employees are required to take additional training on specific ethics issues, such as sexual harassment and anti bribery and anti corruption .

Honesty Being truthful when dealing with customers, suppliers, shareholders and fellow employees .

We review our ethics programs, including The How Matters, annually, utilizing the guidelines for effective ethics and compliance programs detailed in the U .S .

Policy and content owners for The How Matters review and update their sections, and any policy changes are subsequently reviewed by senior staff and the CEO and approved by the Audit Committee and Board of Directors, before being formally updated and communicated to all employees .

Integrity Voicing concerns when we believe our company or colleagues are to report the incident to the company’s confidential Values Line. not acting ethically or complying with the law .

Respect Maintaining a foundation of trust and respect with colleagues, customers, regulators, suppliers and other stakeholders .

Loyalty Ensuring no employee is, or appears to be, subject to influences, interests or relationships that conflict with the company’s best interests .

Accountability Holding ourselves, peers and customers to the company’s high ethical standards .

Compliance with policies Complying with the letter and spirit of company policies .

To reinforce our annual ethics training, our Compliance Department periodically publishes Compliance Connections online internally and via email for employee viewing .

These Compliance Connections communications may cover a broad range of risks, ethics, compliance and policy issues .

The topics are selected based on an analysis of trending issues at our company .

We also publicly disclose core ethics data, such as the total number of Values Line cases and the percentage of those cases that were substantiated .

Required for specific locations, not entire employee population (CA, NY, IL). Required for certain management employees only.

Protecting and preserving information by embedding effective data privacy and information security practices and complying with relevant legislation and standards.

Now more than ever, Union Pacific’s success is powered by innovations and technology used every day in the office and in the field by our employees, suppliers and customers .

As a result, cybersecurity is taken very seriously .

On our most recent materiality assessment, respondents ranked cybersecurity as one of the top three issues of concern to stakeholders .

Cybersecurity matters for all facets of our value chain: our customers should feel safe when using our online tools, our suppliers must know they have a partner that will protect their data, and our employees need to know that their personal information is secure .

As technology has become a more central part of our operations, so has our focus on maintaining the security of our systems and protecting the data that we collect and generate from our business .

Our staff of information security professionals continually assesses cybersecurity risks and implements mitigation programs that evolve with the changing technology threat environment .

To date, we have not experienced any material disruption of our operations due to a cyber threat or attack .

We work closely on physical and cybersecurity initiatives with government agencies, including the U .S .

Department of Transportation (DOT) the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) and Transportation Security Administration (TSA) as well as local police departments, fire departments, and other first responders .

In connection with new guidance from the TSA, effective January 1, 2022, we were required to report cyber incidents to CISA, perform a cyber vulnerability self assessment and submit results to the TSA by March 31, 2022, assemble and adopt a cyber incident response plan by June 29, 2022, and appoint cybersecurity coordinators .

We have fully met the requirements of the first directive and have submitted our cybersecurity plan for approval by TSA .

We anticipate a few rounds of refinement over the next few months .

We have significantly increased investment in technologies to support our cybersecurity efforts .

Union Pacific has implemented an industry leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to ensure its operations are appropriately protected from cyber events .

We have several processes and redundancies in place so UP is as safe as possible from any potential cyberattack .

We understand we may not be able to prevent all cyber incidents from occurring .

As a result, detective controls and robust incident response programs are in place to enable us to detect, delay and quickly respond to an intrusion .

Union Pacific is committed to maintaining web users’ confidence and trust when on our website .

In general, anyone can visit our website without telling us who they are or revealing personal information however, customers and other users can choose to participate in additional secured applications .

At times, additional information collection is necessary to complete business transactions, enhance our services, better meet the needs and preferences of our customers and other visitors, and enhance the security of our online and digital properties .

In 2022, there were zero substantiated complaints concerning breaches of our customers’ privacy .

For more details, see our Website Privacy Policy .

Our Information Assurance team, led by our Chief Security Officer, is responsible for the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Union Pacific’s infrastructure and assets .

The team has a robust strategy in place to prevent, detect and respond to potential threats .

We also perform regular vulnerability scanning and system penetration testing to validate our security controls and assess our infrastructure and software applications .

Like many organiza tions our size, we are continuously probed by cyberattacks from around the world .

In 2021 alone, the Union Pacific network was probed 714 billion times, and one breach occurred .

However, to date we have not experienced any material disruption of our operations due to these probes or any other attacks directed at us .

Extensive incident response, disaster recovery and business resumption plans are in place and tested annually, ensuring the computing environment can withstand a wide range of scenarios .

The Railway Alert Network is the industry’s intelligence and security information center .

Each day, its staff reviews intelligence and related security information to produce analyses of terrorist tactics, malicious cyber activity, rail related threats and incidents, and suspicious activity .

Union Pacific uses these materials for threat hunting and in our security awareness communications .

Union Pacific employees know the importance of robust cybersecurity measures .

We require annual training that includes information on data security policies and procedures .

All employees must also work to protect the company’s business information and computer systems against unauthorized use, including unauthorized personal use .

Union Pacific blocks hundreds of millions unwanted emails each year, of which some attempt to gain access to company or private information .

Employees are regularly coached on how to identify phishing attacks, and how to avoid being victimized .

They are also required to report suspicious activity through our Response Management Communication Center .

Union Pacific’s Rahul Jalali, senior vice president Tech and chief information officer, has been appointed by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) to its Cybersecurity Advisory Committee (CSAC) .

CISA recently brought onboard additional experts from the public and private sectors to advise on policies and initiatives enhancing the nation’s cyber defense .

Established in June 2021, the CSAC is comprised of experts on cybersecurity, technology, risk management, privacy and resilience, who advise the director on policies and programs related to CISA’s mission .

We have implemented an industry leading qualitative cybersecurity risk management process to ensure UP’s operations are appropriately protected from cyber events .

Enabling our mobile workforce throughout all our facilities by providing secure, easy to use handheld devices, such as Zebra devices, to help perform their work efficiently and safely .

UP’s cloud journey is progressing with a secure build mindset thanks to a cross functional team from Security and other Tech groups .

We are engaged with third party cloud security firms to help assess and implement secure hosting solutions to provide new opportunities for our business partners .

The Security and other Tech teams, including infrastructure and applications development, have partnered to create the Security Champions program .

Champions are provided opportunities to upskill in the area of application security, which they use to drive the secure design, creation, and implementation of applications within their teams .

This focus on secure design throughout the lifecycle of an application drives a more seamless, secure development lifecycle .

We have removed the most common tool of a hacker by providing our management employees with security keys to help ensure they do not fall victim to a cybercriminal .

The final phase of this will be to require usage of the tokens by craft employees later this year .

Embedding a strong risk management and internal control process to protect from risks or effectively mitigate if they do occur.

The Corporate Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee monitors the allocation of risk and sustainability oversight among the Board and its Committees .

It also annually reviews the company’s political activities and political activity reporting .

The Compensation and Benefits Committee is responsible for assessing risks arising from the company’s compensation policies and programs and oversees human capital related risks, including with respect to the recruitment, development and retention of company personnel and employee engagement and effectiveness .

For more information, see our 2023 Proxy Statement .

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the assessment and management of the critical enterprise risks affecting the company .

Management identifies and prioritizes enterprise risks and reviews them with the Board at least once a year to answer any questions and obtain input related to mitigation strategies and categories of risk .

The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee primary responsibility for oversight of risks related to financial and operational controls of the company, as well as compliance, regulatory, safety, sustainability, climate and cyber risks .

To address and mitigate cybersecurity risks, our Senior Vice President Information Technologies and Chief Information Officer and our Assistant Vice President and Chief Security Officer lead a team responsible for establishing enterprise wide security strategy, standards, architecture, policies and processes, and report to the Board or Audit Committee at each of its regularly scheduled meetings .

To address climate risk, our enterprise risk management program provides for the review, monitoring and mitigation of climate change risks and how these risks may affect the company’s ability to participate in emerging commodity or financial markets or impact rail’s environmental advantage over other modes of transportation .

The Audit Committee and our Board receive updates on company activities and mitigation strategies related to climate risk .

The company’s enterprise risk management process is dynamic and continually monitored so that the company can timely identify and address any potential risks that arise in the ever changing economic, political, legal and technology threat environment in which the company operates .

The Chief Accounting, Risk and Compliance Officer, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer and is responsible for the company’s enterprise risk management program, meets with the Audit Committee at each of its scheduled meetings .

The Audit Committee regularly receives reports throughout the year from the Chief Accounting, Risk and Compliance Officer and the senior executives responsible for financial reporting processes, safety and compliance, cybersecurity, and environmental and litigation matters .

Additionally, the senior executives responsible for implementation of appropriate mitigation strategies for the company’s top enterprise risks provide reports and updates directly to the Audit Committee and or the Board throughout the year .

Respecting human and labor rights to protect those around us from harm and to provide decent jobs to our workforce.

How we accomplish that is as important as what we do connecting businesses and communities to the world .

We are committed to respecting the human rights of our workforce by fostering a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace for each of our employees .

We’re also working to ensure that our value chain partners have a commitment to universal human rights that mirrors our own .

Union Pacific’s Human Rights Policy aligns with the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other internationally accepted standards and outlines our expectations for our supply chain partners .

Every employee is expected to understand and comply with this policy .

Through our annual The How Matters training, all employees are trained on our Human Rights policy .

Union Pacific understands the importance of protecting human rights, not just of our own employees, but of all people .

Union Pacific has multiple policies that touch on the protection of human rights, including our Human Rights Policy, our Supplier Code of Conduct and our Commitment to Health Safety .

These policies are reviewed annually and updated when necessary to allow for broad coverage and appropriate standards .

Employees are expected to understand and comply with all Union Pacific policies .

All employees are required to participate in annual training that covers human rights issues .

In 2022, a sustainability questionnaire was sent to our top suppliers assessing several topics including human rights, safety and ethics .

Throughout 2023, the results of the questionnaire have been incorporated into supplier scorecard review meetings .

Starting in 2023, Union Pacific anticipates incorporating human rights issues into our category supplier risk assessments .

Many of the lands we operate on are, and always have been, held in reverence by several First Nations .

Working alongside Indigenous communities across our network, we aim to strengthen our ties to build strong and mutually beneficial relationships that support economic opportunities .

The Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation (CTUIR) and Union Pacific have worked together on a Tribal Employment Rights agreement since 2013 .

In an effort to create employment opportunities for tribal members, Union Pacific has held several on reservation recruiting events .

In 2022, Union Pacific presented to CTUIR’s leadership about processes for tribal contractors to be approved and to compete for contracting work .

UNION PACIFIC2022 BUILDING AMERICA REPORT The Council of Native American Heritage (CONAH), launched in 2006, was the fifth employee resource group at Union Pacific .

CONAH’s mission is to assist Union Pacific with the recruitment, retention and development of employees with Native American heritage and to build bridges to the Native American community .

Union Pacific works with 13 major rail unions, representing approximately 83% of our roughly 33,300 full time employees .

Those employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements that determine certain terms of their employment .

Our company has a long history of working alongside unions with collective bargaining agreements that ensure fair and respectful work conditions and labor practices, and we are committed to continuing to find ways together to enhance the quality of life for our employees through improved working conditions .

For more information, see our 2022 We Are One Report .

Union Pacific collaborates with organizations that focus on human rights issues .

In 2023, Union Pacific launched a partnership with The Set Me Free Project, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to bring prevention education to youth and families to stop human trafficking before it begins .

Some key initiatives expected to grow from this partnership include human trafficking awareness training for Omaha area lodging employees, developing educational materials for employees, and offering awareness training to employees .

CONAH Lunch and Learn participants were taught how to make Native American beaded bracelets in the colors of the four directions by native artist Valery Killscrow Copeland.

Supporting and helping employees thrive through training and development opportunities, career progression, ongoing engagement, benefits and rewards.

Union Pacific is committed to providing our employees with a world class employment experience .

As they help fulfill our vision to build America, we want them to feel valued, engaged and inspired .

The process begins with recruiting talented and diverse employees to join our team .

We then focus on training and development, which includes programs designed to recognize potential and help our employees grow so we can retain our talent and prepare them for future roles .

The final stage is providing our team members with the tools to achieve a successful and fulfilling retirement .

For more information, see our 2022 We Are One report .

Promoting a culture of equal opportunity, equitable employment and fairness to all irrespective of gender, race, religion, sexuality or disability.

At Union Pacific, we believe diversity, equity and inclusion is not the job of the DE I department, nor Workforce Resources .

It is the responsibility of every Union Pacific employee .

To further our mission of better reflecting the diverse communities we serve, Union Pacific set aggressive diversity goals in 2020: Increase our people of color population from 29 .4% to 40% and double our female population to 11% by 2030 .

We made steady progress in 2022 to increase our people of color representation by 1 .5 percentage points .

Progress toward our female representa tion goal remains more challenging we gained 0 .2 percentage points, driven primarily by increased hiring along with improved retention .

For more information, see our 2022 We Are One report .

We Are One Our Diverse Heritage Compels us to stand for opportunity.

Our Shared Humanity Implores us to stand for justice.

As America’s railroad, Union Pacific has an innate responsibility to speak out against all forms of discrimination while creating an environment where all can see themselves belonging and succeeding.

Permeate Union Pacific’s four pillars People, Practices, Philanthropy, Procurement with the best Diversity and Inclusion thinking of the day.

Each day, we start anew to ever evolve what we do and ever educate why we’re doing it.

Reducing Union Pacific’s direct environmental footprint through carbon reduction initiatives and use of energy efficient technologies.

Taking a proactive approach toward environmental management, considering our climate change impacts and risks, and implementing effective solutions.

Today, railroads are the most environmentally responsible way to move freight on land, cutting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by up to 75% compared to commercial trucks .

In 2021, we set our science based target to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and GHG emissions on a well to wheel basis from locomotive operations 26% by 2030 from a 2018 base year .

In 2022, we formally committed with the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) to revise our near term emissions reduction target to support a 1 .5 C climate ambition, as well as set and validate a net zero emissions target .

Locomotive operations represent our greatest source of GHG emissions .

Accordingly, our major focus in reducing our carbon footprint is on our locomotive operations .

We are investing in several avenues to decrease emissions from our locomotive operations including operating efficiencies, biofuels and battery electric locomotives .

However, looking only at our locomotive operations will not get us to net zero by 2050 .

We must also decrease emissions across our value chain .

As part of our SBTi revalida tion initiative currently underway, we are reassessing our existing Scope 3 value chain emissions data sources and inventory methodologies to reflect our total GHG emissions, including those of our extended supply chain .

We are also engaging with our upstream suppliers to better understand their emissions reduction activities so that we can better measure reductions in our Scope 3 emissions .

For more information, see our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

Union Pacific finalized contracts to purchase and test four hybrid cranes for use in its intermodal yards, with the first crane expected to be operational this fall and all four cranes in place by the end of 2024 .

The cranes will be powered by both diesel and batteries .

They will operate on battery, but when the battery packs are low, the diesel generator will kick in to charge the battery and power the crane .

Three of the cranes will be used at Union Pacific’s intermodal terminals in the Chicago area .

The cranes will arrive in sections and will be assembled on site with the first crane operational by late summer or early fall .

Diverting waste from landfills and enhancing recycling and waste management initiatives.

Union Pacific moves the goods that families and businesses use every day .

As demand for products and services continues to grow, responsible waste management and material stewardship is becoming increasingly important .

Union Pacific is partnering with outside companies to implement waste stream recovery methods, using sustainable circular measures to reduce landfill impact and lower our carbon footprint .

We are implementing changes to facility lighting to reduce our electricity usage .

We have worked to reduce paper consumption, watering practices, and the consumption of other resources .

At locations where we provide drinking water for employees, we minimize resource use where practical and have worked with other water suppliers to reduce the volume of plastic used in packaging .

We replace nearly 300,000 tons of railroad ties annually and divert approxi mately 93% of the total for energy recovery .

Union Pacific uses relatively little water for its operations .

Primary uses are locomo tive coolant, washing equipment, vegetation protection to minimize fire risk, and drinking water .

We conserve water by analyzing accounts, researching irregularities and making changes and repairs to eliminate unnecessary use .

Our team focuses on using data to identify and address consumption changes, which might suggest a leak or other issue .

In 2022, Union Pacific recycled: 161,000 200,000 3,400,000 tons of metal gallons of oil and diesel fuel pounds of batteries.

For more than 20 years, Union Pacific has identified repairable parts from our locomotive, freight car, and maintenance of way equipment, and worked with suppliers to repair the parts and return them to service via our repair shops .

Many parts can be repaired multiple times prior to being replaced .

In 2022, we repaired over 132,800 individual parts on over 1,500 unique components, avoiding over 400 million in purchasing costs for new parts and helping our suppliers to avoid the use of over 22,500 tons of new steel .

Union Pacific joined the Cyclyx consortium in 2022 to lend our expertise in developing supply chain solutions for increasing plastic recycling rates .

Cyclyx is a plastic feedstock management company whose goal is to increase plastic recycling rates from 10% to 90% by working with industry partners to source, collect and pre process large volumes of waste and redirect it to be recycled .

Union Pacific has taken steps to improve its internal chemical approval procure ment process to ensure that the chemicals used at UP sites are safe for use by employees and that normal use will not cause harm to the environment .

Following this process also helps us reduce our hazardous waste as we control hazmat at the procurement step of the acquisition process .

Collaborating with partners and vendors to develop mutually beneficial relationships and apply our ethical standards throughout the value chain, including sourcing goods and services responsibly.

Each year, Union Pacific spends billions of dollars across its network of nearly 5,000 suppliers who support the railroad’s operations with fuel, engineering services, construction materials and more in the 23 states where it operates .

This spending represents a significant portion of the economic impact our business generates .

Union Pacific is committed to working with economically, socially and environmentally responsible suppliers .

In 2022, we published our Sustainable Procurement Statement written in accordance with ISO 20400, Sustainable Procurement Guidance, and with the UN Sustainable Development Goals in mind .

Through this statement, we aim for improving sustainability within our operation through Human Rights Labor Practices, Environmental Stewardship and Business Ethics .

Our Supplier Code of Conduct, which is reviewed annually, outlines the same expectations for our supply chain .

We expect all suppliers to abide by our Supplier Code of Conduct, this expectation is outlined in our supplier Terms Conditions .

In 2022, we took supplier engagement a step further by requesting our top Critical and Strategic suppliers to submit responses to a sustainability questionnaire ( the questionnaire ) .

The questionnaire covered 6 key topics: Safety, Ethics, Cybersecurity, Climate Action, Human Rights and Diversity .

Once the questionnaire responses were received, the data was analyzed and suppliers were placed into one of the following tiers based on their responses: Top Tier, Mid Tier, Bottom Tier and Lowest Tier .

Subsequently, suppliers received notification of their tier placement, as well as action items outlining how they might improve their sustainability practices going forward .

Starting in 2023, our strategic supplier reviews include a review and discussion of their responses to the questionnaire .

Important action items necessary to improve sustainability in the supplier’s operations are explained, resources are provided, and an open dialogue with Q A is encouraged .

Union Pacific performs category risk assessments intended to identify risks attributed to specific categories of suppliers across our supply chain .

In 2023, the risk assess ment process was remodeled to include additional sustainability issues, including human rights, and environmental risks .

On site audits are also performed with select suppliers to verify the quality of the products we purchase and to better understand their safety processes .

In 2023, we anticipate adding sustainability metrics to specific on site supplier audits to better understand our supplier’s sustainability initiatives and goals .

Critical Suppliers provide materials or services that are difficult to obtain from other suppliers and whose failure would impact UP operations.

Strategic Suppliers provide critical materials or services that are difficult to obtain from other suppliers, whose failure would impact UP operations, and have a high capacity to add value through product innovation or Total Cost of Ownership improvement.

The benefits that come with having a diverse supplier base are numerous and meaningful .

Supplier diversity programs and activities can introduce new products, services and solutions to our company that might otherwise be overlooked .

It can be an effective way to promote innovation while also driving price and service competition amongst suppliers .

In many cases, supplier diversity can bring our investment to the very communities in which we operate, promoting job creation at a local level .

Supplier diversity can drive positive results for our company and our stakeholders .

In many cases, supplier diversity can bring our investment to the very communities in which we operate, promoting job creation at a local level.

Supplier diversity can drive positive results for our company and our stakeholders.

In 2022, Union Pacific purchased approximately 813 million in goods and services from 363 diverse suppliers in 37 states .

Our spending with diverse suppliers grew 56% from 2021 to 2022 and has more than tripled since 2017, from 239 million .

We are working to increase our year over year spend on diverse suppliers by 5% to 850 million by the end of 2023 .

Of the 813 million spent in 2022, nearly 589 million (72%) was with women owned businesses and 42 million (5 .2%) with Native American suppliers .

Spend with African American suppliers increased more than four times to 85 million, thanks to Hightowers Petroleum, a Black owned business based in Ohio that was awarded the management of our vehicle fleet fuel purchasing card program .

In 2022 we began capturing, for the first time, our Disability Owned Business Enterprises (DOBEs) annual spend accounted for 1 .6 million .

All our strategic suppliers reported purchasing goods and services from diverse suppliers, demonstrating their support for our diversity initiative .

That first year, the railroad spent 10 million with diverse businesses .

To mark the anniversary, Union Pacific hosted its first Supplier Diversity Symposium April 26, 2022, in Omaha .

More than 30 suppliers participated, gathering to hear from railroad leadership, network with peers and celebrate 40 years of developing, cultivating and promoting diverse suppliers .

Creating long term value for customers, shareholders and society through sustainable growth, job creation and economic contribution.

Throughout our rail network, we reach millions of people living in diverse communi ties across North America .

We transport millions of goods annually, from consumer goods and automobiles to forest products and grain .

Creating long term value for customers, shareholders and society is a core part of Union Pacific’s strategy .

We promote sustainable growth through full and productive employment and economic contribution .

We create economic opportunities for local communities through direct employment with us, as well as through spending by local employees .

Each American freight rail job supports multiple jobs elsewhere in the U .S .

Union Pacific’s capital investments create economic opportunity through supply chain activity and represent investments in building a rail network that supports sustain able economic growth for generations to come .

In 2022, across our 23 state network, Union Pacific’s in state purchasing totaled nearly 8 .7 billion .

We are hiring new workers to support our business operations and the growing U .S .

In 2022, we accelerated our recruitment efforts and exceeded our goal of hiring nearly 4,000 employees despite post pandemic labor market challenges .

We will continue evolving our recruiting practices, including expanding our industry leading Second Chance Hiring Program, award winning intern programs, and more to achieve our hiring and 2030 diversity goals of reaching 11% women and 40% people of color representation .

For more information on our hiring practices, see our 2022 We Are One report .

In 2022, we accelerated our recruitment efforts and exceeded our goal of hiring nearly 4,000 employees despite post pandemic labor market challenges.

Union Pacific is proud to lead the industry with our inclusionary hiring practices .

In 2022 we partnered with The Manufacturing Institute to grow our successful Second Chance Hiring Program, which provides job opportunities for people who were previously incarcerated .

A pilot program began in Houston connecting candidates with community support and resources .

In its first three months, the program brought in nearly 100 new applications .

By the end of the year, we expanded the program to 16 locations within Arkansas, California, Colorado, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Oregon, Texas and Washington and hired nearly 100 Second Chance candidates .

Investing in and protecting our network infrastructure and working with regulatory officials to align our business with the country’s infrastructure requirements and needs.

From apps managing train systems to enhanced track inspection systems, we continually invest in new technologies that enhance safety, efficiency and service .

We believe the more we invest in building a safer and more efficient railroad today, the better our infrastructure can serve communities going forward .

Weekly inspections multiplied by the miles of track on which the inspections took place, divided by total main track miles.

Engineering Construction Team 8460 worked injury free throughout the Oscuro, New Mexico, siding extension project adding to the team’s more than one and a half year injury free record.

In 2022, we conducted an extensive climate scenario analysis to better understand the risks to and opportunities for our operations, infrastructure and supply chains from specific climate scenarios .

The climate scenario analysis identified nine climate related driving forces that impact our business, including physical risks related to chronic and acute climate change .

The analysis is being used to evaluate and develop strategies to better mitigate acute and chronic weather impacts, such as flooding, drought, and wildfire .

For a detailed discussion of our climate scenario analysis, please see our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

We are investing in new technologies our employees can use every day to maintain safe, efficient, and resilient rail operations .

Intelligent Terminal is a suite of Artificial Intelligence (AI) planning tools used by yardmasters to optimize decision making, from yarding to departure .

It reduces dwell and missed connections, and improves fluidity .

Class Planner An AI optimizer that creates a hump sequence for inbound trains and schedules necessary re humps .

Benefits include minimized car dwell, minimized missed connections, automation of manual procedures, and enhanced communication between yardmasters and switching crews .

Integrated Transportation Planner is a suite of tools used for plan modeling, optimization, and monitoring of Union Pacific’s Transportation Plan .

It supports higher variability in the planning process, ensuring rail assets are used as efficiently as possible .

Precision Train Builder (PTB) simulates the physics of a train consist over a given geographic route to predict and therefore prevent physical forces that might cause a safety incident, such as a derailment .

New PTB functionality now recommends where locomotives should be placed in the train, further increasing operational safety and protecting infrastructure .

Mobile Locomotive Shops We are redesigning locomotive shop applications to leverage mobile friendly devices to record work completions, replacing use of central ized kiosks and large laptops .

This will reduce duplicate entries and allow employees to complete reporting tasks more quickly, which will improve the scheduling availability of locomotive power .

More locomotive availability means that we can respond more quickly demand for locomotives, improving our operations’ fluidity .

Terminal Dashboard is integrated into UP Vision and provides real time terminal performance visibility .

It conveys leading indicators that allow terminal management to identify potential problem areas before they become an issue .

Above: A screen from the Precision Train Builder program.

Users can compare theoretical train consist designs over actual train routes.

Factors like weather, track adhesion and more are calculated.

Engaging with our stakeholders, which includes employees, customers, investors, suppliers, representatives, and community leaders, to build strong relationships and provide excellent customer service to meet and exceed their needs.

Our four key stakeholders are at the heart of our ongoing sustainability efforts .

Union Pacific’s more than 33,000 employees work 24 7 across our 23 state service area .

We support and engage employees through the following channels: Employee clubs and resource groups Employee Engagement Survey and focus groups to gather direct employee feedback that informs policy decision making.

Annual ethics training and regular ethics bulletins A Values Line, allowing employees to anonymously report concerns 24 7.

Employee electronic newsletters Portal communications Social media DE I Listening Sessions Operating Excellence meetings Senior management town halls with question and answer sessions.

CEO communication, such as online and in person town halls with question and answer sessions videos covering key issues, including safety and employee engagement a blog highlighting observa tions from field visits and topics impacting the company and monthly employee virtual lunches.

Information Television Network Microsoft Outlook emails and Teams communities Home mailings, including quarterly newsletters Annual Leadership Conference.

DigiCrew moves TEY crew reporting from a paper based, end of shift process to a digital, real time process .

Employees use a mobile device for real time information and reporting .

That means better informed decision making, fewer trips to the crew room, and less radio chatter for basic information gathering .

DigiCrew is deployed across 7,300 devices across 7 service units .

Nearly 14,000 devices have been assembled and distributed through 2022 .

Intermodal Vision is a visual management tool that provides real time visibility into the health of Union Pacific intermodal terminals .

The tool consolidates information found in dozens of disparate systems, screens, reports, and analytical tools into a seamlessly integrated product, custom tailored to the unique needs of UP’s Intermodal network .

Intermodal Vision will identify potential operational issues before they arise, enabling quicker response and resolution times .

Users include ramp contractors, employees and managers .

UP Vision 3.0 is an all in one network surveillance tool that identifies issues and provides tools and information to handle them .

UP Vision tracks active trains anywhere on the UP system and provides train length, equipment count, train timeliness, crew availability and cars released from industry .

Terminal Work List Mobile NX leverages UP’s mobile capabilities with the Mobile NX (eNtrance eXit) product, which allows switchmen and mechanical employees to align routes, derails and retarders .

The system can automate inventory moves, as well as make one click signal asset maintenance requests .

This increases productivity, reduces work events, improves safety and replaces obsolete hardware .

Union Pacific has strong relationships with its customers .

At the heart of those relationships are multi faceted communication efforts, enabling us to develop solutions that meet their changing needs and support growth .

Email and calls to actively keep customers updated and notified.

Face to face, teleconference and virtual meetings Webinars Customer website and secure customer portal, including a Virtual Assistant (chat feature) and Online Self Help Library to assist customers with doing business with Union Pacific.

Shipment Notifications, with more than 40 types available to subscribe to, customers customize the information they want to see on their shipments Smartphone apps and mobile friendly services API integration Track Record, our online magazine designed to help transportation and logistics professional secure accessible, cost effective and reliable solutions, and Track Record eNewsletter.

Social media Shipment notifications Rail operation announcements and commercial updates from the executive vice president Marketing and Sales.

Customer surveys and forums for evaluations and suggestions.

Here are some examples of the technology Union Pacific is either developing or using every day to improve its customers’ overall experience .

APIs for Supply Chain Customer Integration UP leverages our cutting edge microservices architecture to deliver APIs (application programming interface) for seamless customer and supply chain integration .

Our daily API volume of 5 .4 billion calls (tasks performed) has increased by 233% in the last 2 years and will grow even more as we connect with more customers and partners across our ecosystem .

Current customer volumes are more than 700,000 day .

Additionally, we are expanding to push APIs for more timely data delivery and exploring analytics connectivity to enable customers to easily tie UP data into their internal reporting systems .

Union Pacific’s advanced API ecosystem and capabilities was a key enabler in the successful onboarding of the Schneider intermodal business .

We are redesigning the onboarding experience with: automation to reduce onboarding time, integration to eliminate duplicate data entry, and new improved interfaces and notifications to increase visibility .

For customers, this means less waiting and more visibility to start shipping sooner .

Invoicing enhancements will improve our customers’ visibility to freight and accessorial invoices while simpli fying their ability to pay, remit, dispute and manage their account .

This also provides the foundation to connect invoicing to our customer engagement platform .

Proactive Notifications provide concise, up front information to customers who may be impacted by mainte nance planned by UP .

Notifications are sent ahead of time to those affected so customers can move traffic or communicate the impacts to their business partners .

Customers can sign up to receive broad, monthly messages or more concise on demand messages .

Unit Train Visibility application provides bulk customers enhanced visibility into their shipments, as UP continues to streamline its services via longer trains and combination trains .

This effort, as a part of the larger Unit Train Customer Interface effort, and in tandem with Shipment Management, returns this visibility and allows customers to act on trains they care about .

Shipment Management is our one stop shop for customers to manage their shipments .

This application serves each business line (Intermodal, Manifest, and Unit Train) and shortline partners in a unique way, matching their specific needs .

Clear communication with shareholders is important to Union Pacific .

Proxy statements and other SEC filings Annual Shareholders meeting Our Investor Relations site, featuring upcoming events, public filings, weekly industry reports, shareholder resources and answers to frequently asked questions.

Building America Report Climate Action Plan We Are One Report Materiality Assessment Fact Book Participation in voluntary sustainability disclosure, such as CDP, and engaging with sustainability ratings firms such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), EcoVadis, MSCI, Sustainalytics, and JUST Capital .

Face to face, teleconference and virtual shareholder meetings with management and investor conferences.

Union Pacific’s business positively impacts communities, through proactive engage ment with community leaders, creating economic growth and development opportu nities for local businesses, investing in workforce development, providing career opportunities and reducing roadway congestion to improve air quality .

A local public affairs team who regularly engages with elected officials, economic development alliances, civic groups and other community leaders to address commu nity concerns and identify opportunities to collaborate on issues of mutual interest .

Community event sponsorships and employee volunteer opportunities .

The Community Ties Giving Program, which builds safe, prosperous, vibrant and inclusive communities focused on safety, workforce development, enhanced community spaces and environmental sustainability projects .

The UP CARES program to promote rail safety education and law enforcement partnerships .

Free railroad safety presentations for community members, drivers, students and other users of public and private crossings .

Active participation in community forums and advisory groups to provide input on public private infrastructure projects, including grade separations of roads and railroad tracks, highway rail crossing evaluations, and rails to trails conversions .

Free hazardous materials safety and response training for first responders .

Inside Track, our website dedicated to sharing news, photos and video about Union Pacific, our employees and the communities where we live and work .

Social media platforms, including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram and.

In addition to our local employees and public affairs team members, we provide mechanisms for community members to engage directly with Union Pacific .

Our national 24 7 emergency hotline and online reporting tool allow community leaders and members of the public to report emergencies, safety concerns, vehicles stopped on railroad tracks, hazardous material releases, criminal activity in progress, fires, and other incidents requiring immediate response .

Data from these calls is logged and distributed within our company for resolution .

In addition, our public affairs team reviews these reports to identify opportunities to further engage with communities, bringing our internal departments together with external stakeholders to collaborate on solutions that benefit the communities we operate through .

Union Pacific employees volunteer at a Special Spaces event.

Transparent compliance reports, voluntary agreements and in person meetings Ongoing dialogue via staff in Washington, D .C ., and across our network Participation in the Association of American Railroads (AAR) and U .S .

Employee and corporate regulatory and legislative advocacy Union Pacific Environmental Management team regulatory engagement Collaboration with the Federal Railroad Administration, Surface Transportation.

Suppliers are an important part of Union Pacific’s business, helping us serve our customers and provide quality materials .

Electronic commerce capabilities Supplier performance tracking system Supplier diversity program Face to face, teleconference and virtual meetings Annual Performance Review with Strategic Suppliers Site visits to ensure quality and performance Annual Supplier Diversity Symposium.

Union Pacific participates in a number of trade associations, industry groups and nonprofits across North America .

There is a wide array of benefits to being involved with these organizations, including the development of policy recommendations and rail safety protocols, infrastructure investment, and shared knowledge and research .

With such a diverse set of members within each organization, it is unlikely that Union Pacific will agree with the specifics of every policy position taken .

However, we must evaluate the nature and extent of our disagreements and weigh that against the broader value of our continued participation in each organization .

Union Pacific plays a leadership role in these organizations, where we use our influence to advocate for policy positions that align with Union Pacific’s goals, values, and policy aims .

We are also engaged in the appropriate committees and working groups of trade associations to best exercise leadership and influence relevant policy positions .

Union Pacific reviews its participation in these organizations on an ongoing basis, including in the Climate Lobbying Alignment Assessment .

Maqui Parkerson, vice president Labor Relations, left, was among those who met with President Biden at the conclusion of last year’s national labor negotiations.

Going beyond Union Pacific’s direct business activities to support communities through charitable giving, event participation and volunteering.

Union Pacific’s charitable giving programs have helped thousands of nonprofit organizations achieve their missions since 1959 .

Funding allocated by the Community Ties Giving Program ranges from 2,500 25,000 for organizations receiving local grants, and up to 4 million for multi year national key partnerships .

The ethical treatment of others is important to Union Pacific .

Our Anti Discrimination Policy reflects our dedication to work only with nonprofit organizations that do not discriminate based on a person’s race, color, sex, ethnicity, national origin, age, disability, religion, past or present military service, sexual orientation, gender identity and or expression, genetic information, pregnancy, political affiliation, marital or familial status, or any other status protected by law .

Organizations must be willing, if asked, to attest that they prohibit discrimination on these grounds .

Union Pacific understands each community has unique challenges and opportunities .

The programs we support align with one or more of our social impact goals related to safety, workforce development, community spaces and the environment .

Together, our work in these areas builds safe, prosperous and vibrant communities places people want to be .

Union Pacific’s Community Ties Giving Program was originally built on three pillars: Safety, Workforce Development and Community Spaces .

In November 2022, Union Pacific added Environmental Sustainability as its fourth pillar, extending the company’s bold commitment to reduce impacts of climate change, building a more sustainable economy .

Adding Environmental Sustainability as a priority funding area supports our overall Sustainability strategy .

Our company is deeply committed to reducing our impact on the environment including through several internal and external initiatives outlined in our 2022 Climate Action Plan .

Extending this commitment to community investments will allow Union Pacific to make an even bigger impact in communities across its 23 state footprint .

The future of our business, communities and planet depends on bold action to reduce the impacts of climate change while building a more sustainable economy for the next generation .

We are committed to supporting leading environmental non profits and community based organizations to advance the health of our environment .

Union Pacific is committed to helping communities prevent and prepare for accidents and emergencies, helping everyone go home safely at the end of each day .

This reflects our commitment to employee safety and the communities we serve .

Reserve and restore nature, including programs focused on natural habitats, ecosystems, and biodiversity .

Protect and enhance water or air quality through innovative and proactive solutions that seek to improve clean air and water, including water conserva tion and emission reduction programs .

Reduce waste through initiatives focused on promoting recycling and circu larity throughout the community, including recycling and composting programs and other efforts that reduce waste .

Encourage safe behaviors and prevent accidents through education and awareness, particularly projects focused on rail, driver, bike and pedestrian safety .

Eliminate risks and improve safe access to community spaces through infrastructure improvements .

Examples include signage, proper lighting and public trail upgrades .

Prepare and equip residents and emergency responders to effectively respond to incidents and emergencies, if or when they occur .

Develop environmental stewards through youth programs focused on fostering.

Prevent crime and violent incidents through efforts addressing the root environmental appreciation, responsibility, and leadership . causes and seeking to mitigate their occurrence .

Advance a green economy by helping communities accelerate their transition to green jobs and renewable energy, as well as helping nonprofits and small businesses build their own capacity to operate more sustainably .

Provide unhoused and at risk populations access to safe shelter and services that ameliorate and prevent homelessness .

For more than 160 years, Union Pacific has helped stimulate economic growth in cities and towns across the nation by training and providing employment to thousands of workers .

We believe a skilled workforce and access to jobs paying good wages are essential elements for a prosperous community .

Putting youth on the right track by creating awareness of family supporting jobs, such as those offered by Union Pacific, and building foundational skills, specifically in the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics related fields, as well as necessary technical and life skills to begin a trajectory toward these careers .

Raising awareness of educating and preparing young adults for middle skills jobs through community colleges, vocational and career training programs, workforce readiness initiatives and programs assisting with job placement and or on the job experience .

Vibrant communities attract businesses, tourists and skilled workers .

We seek to ensure residents within our communities have access to special places celebrating cultural diversity, artistic expression, our natural environment and the social interactions enriching their lives .

We believe such community spaces contribute to the distinct identity of cities and towns .

Creating, sustaining or expanding upon artistic and cultural experiences offered to a broad and diverse audience .

For example, museums, theaters, libraries, concerts and lectures .

Preserving and sharing a local community’s unique history, including projects related to trains and or Union Pacific history .

Providing clean, safe and positive outdoor recreational and or educational opportunities fostering an appreciation for our natural environment .

Upskilling the existing workforce by providing training and resources enabling workers to reach the next level in their careers .

Beautifying neighborhoods and main street areas to improve livability, promote commerce and, ultimately, attract more residents, businesses and visitors .

Providing training and mentorship for nonprofit professionals, helping them grow and advance their organizations .

Planning for, creating or enhancing unique spaces reflecting a community’s character, and diverse needs and desires .

From local grants to key partnerships, our philanthropic outreach aligns with Union Pacific’s long standing commitment to Building America .

Key regional and national partner ships provide large scale, targeted grants intended to achieve significant, measurable and sustainable impact in our communities, while supporting Union Pacific’s key areas of giving in safety, workforce development, community spaces and environmental sustainability .

Union Pacific is proud to partner with these world class nonprofit organizations, empowering communities to create safer places for children and families, bring economic prosperity and well being to our neighborhoods, preserve and restore nature, and explore boundless opportunities through one of our country’s greatest treasures national parks .

Safe Kids Worldwide Union Pacific has partnered with Safe Kids Worldwide to reach a full continuum from pre schoolers and K 12 youth to parents with research based education and messaging designed to reduce risky behaviors that lead to rail related incidents .

The Manufacturing Institute (MI) Our partnership with The Manufacturing Institute, the workforce development and education partner of the National Association of Manufacturers, will help shrink the gender gap in the workforce by inspiring more women and young people to pursue modern industry careers .

National Park Foundation (NPF) As an early supporter of the National Park System, Union Pacific is proud to join the National Park Foundation as the premier partner of NPF’s Youth Engagement and Education mission .

The partnership supports the Open OutDoors for Kids program, providing national park experiences for thousands of students across UP’s 23 state network .

National Park field trips encourage students to develop a sense of adventure while educating youth about science, history, conservation and their role in protecting national and local treasures .

The Nature Conservancy (TNC) A nonprofit dedicated to conserving the lands and water on which life depends, has been selected to help further the mission of the new environmental sustainability pillar for the next three years .

TNC was selected because its work aligns closely with the railroad’s goals and objectives, which are to: preserve and restore nature protect and enhance water or air quality reduce waste develop environmental stewards and advance a green economy .

Union Pacific and nonprofit Safe Kids Worldwide teamed up to drive home an important message for families in a new rail safety video: Model rail safety, because Nothing’ is worth more than your child’s life .

UP is proud to partner with Safe Kids Worldwide through a second multiyear partnership demonstrating the railroad’s commitment to the safety and wellbeing of communities within its oper ating footprint .

Safe Kids coalitions conduct transportation safety education programs nationwide regarding child pedestrian, school bus, bike, railroad and passenger safety .

A trip to a national park can change the way a student views the world for the rest of their life, providing Union Pacific wants to help foster that admiration and respect .

With the help of UP’s sponsorship, the National Park Foundation called Open Outdoors for Kids, expects to reach over a million students in the next four years, creating a unique opportunity for fourth graders to learn about and explore national parks .

Regional partnerships are granted by invitation only, and like our national partnerships, are often multi year commitments, designed to provide long term impact in our commu nities .

We want to work with organizations where we can explore big ideas, build powerful momentum within our communities, and achieve significant, lasting impact across Union Pacific’s network .

Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) Chicago.

Pottawattamie Arts, Culture, and Entertainment Center.

Destined for Empowerment Community Development Corporation Houston.

Union Pacific is committed to the goal that 100% of Community Ties Program giving will support programs or organizations which demonstrate a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion .

The purpose of the grant is to advance the interests of an underrepresented or underserved population as they relate to Union Pacific’s priority cause area .

The grant will primarily serve an underrepresented population .

The organization is taking actions to instill DEI internally and or within its programs .

Last year, 89% of our local grantees met our DE I goals .

Working closely with relevant stakeholders to ensure effective management of land and consideration of biodiversity and environmental land management.

Our wide reach across the United States means it’s important that we act as conscientious stewards to protect the biodiversity we encounter through our operations .

In 2022, Union Pacific took two major actions to demonstrate the importance of protecting biodiversity .

First, we published a Biodiversity Statement outlining our commitment to preserve the land our operations touch .

Second, we partnered with The Nature Conservancy to support three separate nature based solutions projects based in Nebraska, California and Texas .

Project goals include grassland and wetland restoration, groundwater recharge, threatened species habitat conservation, and community education .

We know the importance of protecting and managing biodiversity and lands near our rail network .

We implement habitat conservation plans to protect ecosystems and endangered species in various locations .

When our operations are in close proximity to critical biodiversity, we apply the following mitigation hierarchy: 1) avoid impacting, 2) minimize impact, 3) rehabilitate restore impact, 4) offset the impact elsewhere .

Union Pacific also engages with community partners and nonprofit organizations working to protect our natural resources or reinvigorate specific ecosystem needs .

We review our construction and maintenance projects to understand potential environmental impacts and minimize impacts to the extent possible .

We also proactively work to avoid and minimize impacts to wetlands and other aquatic resources as part of our capital projects .

Where impacts are unavoidable, we fund the replacement of wetland or aquatic resources lost due to our impacts, or purchase credits in approved mitigation banks .

In California, a field is monitored to assess the cover crop on fallowing farmland.

Near the upper Elkhorn River in Nebraska, teams focus on keeping grassland areas intact.

The Nature Conservancy has managed Parkhill Prairie in Collin County, Texas, for 25 years.

We are proud of our progress on sustainability initiatives .

Just as important, we believe we are weaving sustainability into our company processes, goals and culture .

We believe the actions we are taking now will Build America, and contribute to a sustainable world for our workforce, our customers, and our communities for generations to come .

Throughout the year, we will keep you informed as we continue to take necessary, bold actions to reach our aggressive sustainability goals .

We also will keep you updated on our progress toward meeting those goals by reporting our outcomes at the Sustainability section of UP .com and through our storytelling efforts at our Inside Track news website and in media releases posted on UP .com .

We look forward to keeping you updated on our continued progress .

These figures are based on FRA inspectors writing inspection reports with recommended violations, Union Pacific did not receive violations on all of these.

Union Pacific defines a breach as a penetration of the system in which the attacker obtains confidential information.

Only reflects employee volunteer hours greater than 40 hours per employee.

Required for specific location, not entire employee population (CA, NY, IL). Required for certain management employees only.

Our 2022 Building America Report provides additional explanatory information regarding Union Pacific that may not be available, included or directly derived from information in the company’s Annual Report .

Information included in this document, and any issues identified as important for the purposes of this document, may not be considered material for SEC reporting purposes .

Materiality and or the term material in the context of this document is distinct from and should not be confused with, such terms as defined for SEC reporting purposes .

This report includes statements and information regarding future expectations, outcomes or results of the company that are not historical facts .

These statements and information are forward looking as defined by federal securities laws .

Forward looking statements and information can be identified by use of forward looking terminology (and derivations thereof), such as believes, expects, may, should, will, would, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, strives, seeks, aspires, endeavors, target, projects and other words or phrases of similar intent .

Forward looking statements and information generally include the following: the company’s expectations, goals, forecasts, targets, and aspirations with respect to sustain ability and corporate responsibility matters, including related risks and opportunities demand for the company’s rail service enhancing profitability volume and revenue growth efficiency improvements and increasing returns the effectiveness or growth of new and newer services management of network volumes increasing shareholder value total amount of capital investments returns on capital investments improvements regarding the sustainability, emissions, and safety of our operations and equipment preserving the environment and communities where the company operates and effectiveness of plans, programs and initiatives related to our workforce .

Forward looking statements and information should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times that, or by which, such perfor mance, targets, goals, or results will be achieved .

Forward looking statements and information are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements .

Forward looking statements and information reflect the good faith consideration by management of currently available information and may be based on underlying assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances .

However, such information and assumptions (and, therefore, such forward looking statements and information) are or may be subject to variables or unknown or unforeseeable events or circumstances over which management has little or no influence or control and may be derived from internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and standards are measuring progress that are still developing .

Factors that could cause results or outcomes to differ, including the risk factors in Item 1A of the company’s Annual Form 10 K, filed February 10, 2023, also could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward looking statements and information .

This report should be read in consideration of these risk factors .

To the extent circumstances require or the company deems it otherwise necessary, the company will update or amend these risk factors in subsequent Annual Reports, periodic reports on Form 10 Q or current reports on Form 8 K .

Forward looking statements speak only as of the date the statement was made .

We assume no obligation to update forward looking information to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward looking information, regardless of any past practice of doing so .

If we do update one or more forward looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward looking statements .

Website references and or hyperlinks have been provided for convenience only, and the contents therein are not incorporated into, nor do they constitute a part of, this document .