2021 Environmental,  
Social & Governance 
Report

Table of contents

 A message from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

02 
04  Our commitment to a future with more cheers

05  Where we operate
06  Our value chain
10  Our ESG strategy

11  Our strategic ESG priorities 

12  Smart Drinking & Moderation
21  Climate
26  Water Stewardship
31  Sustainable Agriculture
35  Circular Packaging
38  Ethics & Transparency
44  Entrepreneurship
47  Diversity & Inclusion

50  Governance and stakeholder engagement

59 

ESG oversight 

51 
56  Materiality assessment and stakeholder engagement 
ESG index and reporting frameworks
60  2021 ESG Index 
70  2025 Sustainability Goals
71  Reporting frameworks

71  GRI
76  SASB
78  UN SDGs
84  UN Global Compact Index
85  TCFD
90  WEF Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics
91 
92  Report scope
94 

Letter of assurance

EU Taxonomy

   This is an interactive report—when you see 
this icon, click to learn more

The images of colleagues and partners included in this report are compliant  
with local COVID-19 guidelines at the time they were taken.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     1
AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     1

A message from our Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerOur commitment to a future with more cheersGovernance and stakeholder engagementReport scopeESG index and reporting frameworksOur strategic ESG prioritiesTable of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A message from our Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer

GRI: 102-12, 102-14

We dream big to create a future with more cheers
At AB InBev, we are reimagining the future together. 2021 was a transformative year, one in 
which we challenged ourselves to lead and grow our category, offer new ways to meet life’s 
moments and make a more meaningful impact on our communities and the world. 

Our ambition to lead and grow the beer category 
is reinforced by our shared belief and clear 
intention to enable a sustainable and inclusive 
future. That is why we introduced our new global 
purpose: We dream big to create a future with 
more cheers. It is about adopting a larger sense 
of leadership to cultivate shared prosperity and 
long-term value creation. 

“Reflecting our commitment to 
long-term value creation, we are 
evolving our ESG agenda to better 
address a changing world, enable 
our commercial vision and fulfill 
our company purpose.”

Marty Barrington

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     2

A future with more cheers is shared 
prosperity, for our communities, for the 
planet and for our company. 

When we dream big to create a future with 
more cheers, we envision a future with more 
sustainability, innovation, inclusivity, natural 
ingredients and local impact. We remain 
committed to the principles of the United Nations 
(UN) Global Compact and were honored to be 
named a LEAD company in recognition of our 
ongoing determination to help achieve the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Beer 
is a formidable engine for economic growth 
and sustainable development and a driving 
force for promoting social norms centered on 
responsibility and moderation. 

Sustainability is good business and 
foundational to our company.

From building a resilient and agile value chain, to 
solidifying our role as a trusted partner in local 
communities, to identifying and capturing new 
sources of business value, sustainability plays a 
key role in fulfilling our company purpose and 
enabling our commercial vision. That is why, 
in 2021, we announced the appointment of 
Ezgi Barcenas as our first fully dedicated Chief 
Sustainability Officer, reflecting our commitment 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksto driving business outcomes and delivering 
shared value through our Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) agenda. 

small retailers, promoting financial literacy and 
creating sustainable local growth through digital 
transformation.

We sharpened our focus on eight strategic 
ESG priorities to deliver on our commercial 
strategy: Smart Drinking & Moderation, Climate, 
Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, 
Circular Packaging, Ethics & Transparency, 
Entrepreneurship and Diversity & Inclusion. We 
are energized to have launched our ambition to 
achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040 
and to have announced our first carbon-neutral 
breweries in Wuhan, China, and Ponta Grossa, 
Brazil, as well as our first carbon-neutral malthouse 
in Passo Fundo, Brazil.

The beer category is inclusive, natural and 
local.

We are uniquely positioned with a portfolio of 
iconic brands, route to market and consumer-
first mindset to lead and grow the category 
while catalyzing sustainable transformation 
across our value chain. We are proud to have 
been recognized by CDP (formerly the Carbon 
Disclosure Project) as a 2021 Supplier Engagement 
Leader for partnering with our supply chain to 
drive an equitable transition toward a net zero 
future. 

We are supporting entrepreneurs who are 
the backbone of local economies. 

We work closely with small- and medium-sized 
businesses across our value chain—from tens 
of thousands of farmers, suppliers and recycling 
collectors to millions of retailers. As employers and 
innovators, these entrepreneurs play an important 
role in local communities, and we aim to further 
strengthen their development and growth. For 
example, through our BEES Together program—
part of our BEES platform—we are empowering 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     3

We continued to support our colleagues and 
community recovery efforts. 

We are grateful for our colleagues who 
demonstrated sustained passion and resilience, 
and we were humbled to see that our annual 
employee engagement index increased by 
4pp in another challenging year. We continued 
donating medical supplies and promoting vaccine 
awareness and access in our communities. 
We also ramped up our support for small 
businesses—such as pubs and restaurants—
across the hospitality sector. 

Our purpose is evident throughout this report, 
and we are excited to share with you the progress 
we made against our ESG commitments and 
ambitions. The future of business and of the planet 
is inclusive. It is nature-based. It is local. We are 
proud to lead the way to that future, and to be a 
next-generation business today. 

As always, we welcome your feedback and 
partnership. Please join us as we dream big to 
create a future with more cheers. 

“We dream big to create a 
future with more cheers. But 
more cheers means so much 
more than just more toasts. 
It means more sustainability, 
more innovation, more 
inclusivity, more natural 
ingredients, more local impact, 
more prosperity for all. That’s a 
future we can all celebrate.”

Michel Doukeris

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksOur commitment to a 
future with more cheers

GRI: 102-16

To us, a future with more cheers is Shared Prosperity, for our communities, for the 
planet and for our company. It is growth that is inclusive, value that is shared, and 
“wins” for the world that are truly worth celebrating. 

To lead and grow our category and to help 
create a sustainable, equitable future for all, we 
have developed goals and programs to build 
environmental resilience, reduce the harmful 
consumption of alcohol and promote inclusive 
growth and sustainable livelihoods across our 
value chain.

This report covers our approach to assessing and 
managing the issues most material to our business 
and outlines the progress we made in 2021. 

 Learn more about our 2021 
performance against key indicators

 2025 Sustainability Goals > 

 Global Smart Drinking Goals >

 2021 ESG Index >

It also includes our governance and policies that 
support the inclusion of our goals and programs 
in decision-making processes and the way we 
conduct our business to adhere to the highest 
standards of business integrity and ethics. Our 
reporting takes into consideration key non-financial 
indicators and guidance from frameworks such as 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), 
the UN Guiding Principles reporting framework, 
CDP Water and Climate, the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and the relevant 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN 
SDGs). We have expanded our reporting this year 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     4

to include a section with a more comprehensive 
ESG index and reporting frameworks such as GRI, 
SASB, the UN SDGs, UN Global Compact, TCFD, the 
World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism 
Metrics and the EU Taxonomy (page 71–91).

As a proud member of the UN Global Compact 
for over a decade, we work to support the 
achievement of the UN SDGs. We recognize that 
collective action is imperative for advancement, 
and we focus our efforts where we can have the 
greatest impact. In fact, we contribute to many of 
the UN SDGs through sustainability initiatives across 
our entire value chain. For more information on the 
actions we are taking to advance specific SDG 
indicators, please see the UN SDGs Index on page 
78 of this report.

Our 2021 ESG Report offers our stakeholders 
greater visibility on how we are working to fulfill 
our vision of creating a future with more cheers 
by integrating sustainability, responsibility and 
purpose into our business strategy and actions. 
This report serves as our annual communication 
on progress to the UN Global Compact and is an 
annex to the 2021 Annual Report that serves as 
our non-financial reporting on corporate social 
responsibility matters in accordance with article 
3:6, §4 and article 3:32, §2 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations, which implement 
Directive 2014/95/EU of 22 October 2014 amending 
Directive 2013/34/EU.

We believe that the future of business and of the 
planet is inclusive. It is nature-based. It is local. Our 
commitment to improving the communities we are 
a part of remains unwavering. We are proud to lead 
the way to that future and to be a next-generation 
business today. We look ahead to 2022 and 
beyond with a renewed vision and focus to create 
a future with more cheers through greater Shared 
Prosperity.

Our purpose manifesto
AB InBev always dreams big.
It’s our culture and our heritage. 
But more than that, it’s our future.
A future where we always look forward.
Always serve up new ways to meet life’s 
moments.
A future where we keep dreaming 
bigger.
To provide opportunities for our people.
Lift up our neighbors.
And make a meaningful impact on the 
world.
A future that everyone can celebrate.
And everyone can share in.
A future with more cheers.
“We dream big to create a future with 
more cheers”

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks   
   
   
Where we operate

GRI: 102-4, 102-6

We have a diverse geographic footprint spanning nearly 50 
countries worldwide. Our portfolio of more than 500 iconic global 
and local brands represents one in every four beers sold.

EMEA

15%
of global AB InBev volume
15%
of AB InBev Revenue
13%
of Normalized EBITDA

North America

18%
of global AB InBev volume
31%
of AB InBev Revenue
30%
of Normalized EBITDA

Middle America

24%
of global AB InBev volume
24%
of AB InBev Revenue
30%
of Normalized EBITDA

South America

27%
of global AB InBev volume
18%
of AB InBev Revenue
15%
of Normalized EBITDA

APAC

15%
of global AB InBev volume
13%
of AB InBev Revenue
11%
of Normalized EBITDA

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     5

*Percentages are based on share of AB InBev worldwide excluding global export and holding companies.

ESG index and reporting frameworksGovernance and stakeholder engagementOur strategic ESG prioritiesOur commitment to a future with more cheersMessage from our Chairman and CEOTable of contentsOur value chain

GRI: 201-1

Creating value 
from seed to sip

Farmers
We value our relationships with our farmers, who provide natural ingredients for 
our products. Our mutual collaboration is a key element to creating a sustainable 
supply of high-quality ingredients that our products demand. That is why we 
invest in programs such as SmartBarley, our flagship agricultural development 
program, which is led by our agronomists to help growers improve their 
profitability and contributes toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Communities
We are an integral part of the 
communities where we live and work. 
We strive to make a positive and 
lasting impact in our communities, 
advancing initiatives in areas such as 
sustainability, financial inclusion, COVID-
19 vaccinations, Smart Drinking and road 
safety, often through partnerships.

Distributors
Our distributors ensure our products 
are available where consumers want 
them. We are seeking to optimize our 
operations for greater efficiency in a way 
that is in line with our 2025 Sustainability 
Goals.

Brewers & Manufacturers
We have operations in nearly 50 countries, 
consisting of approximately 200 breweries 
and 40 verticalized operations including 
hop farms and barley malting facilities. 
Our brewers and manufacturers use their 
knowledge, expertise and innovation to 
transform ingredients and raw materials into 
a product that consumers love by brewing, 
bottling, packaging and developing our 
products.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     6

Customers
Millions of retail customers play a critical role for our 
business as an important point of connection with our 
consumers. We partner with retailers, bar owners and 
wholesalers to bring our beers to our consumers, while 
supporting their business growth, striving to provide 
best-in-class service as well as pursuing extraordinary 
execution of our brands on- and off-premise.

Consumers
In the last step, but perhaps the most important of all, 
consumers enjoy our beer. We are always looking to serve up 
new ways to meet life’s moments, and we connect with our 
consumers by offering meaningful brand experiences, in a 
responsible way.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksOur commitment to a future with more cheersBeer and brewers are at 
the heart of communities 
throughout the world. 

Every year, our value chain generates jobs and 
wages directly through brewing, distributing and 
selling our beers. Indirectly, we’re buying from 
suppliers and supporting the economic activity 
that results from our colleagues spending their 
wages.

New estimates from Oxford Economics state 
that the global economic contribution of 
the beer industry was 555 billion USD in 2019, 
involving 23 million jobs. The study was based 
on 70 countries, covering 89% of beer sold 
worldwide. Particularly, the report notes that “the 

beer sector is significantly more important to 
the national economy of low-income and lower 
middle-income countries,” contributing 1.6% of 
national GDP vs. an average of 0.9% in high-income 
countries, and 1.4% of national employment vs. an 
average of 1.1% in high-income countries. Further, 
the skills required and developed by brewers, 
especially multinational ones, help to raise intrinsic 
average productivity and benefit the wider 
economy.

Oxford Economics estimates that our contribution 
accounts for approximately 27% of the total 
global economic contribution of the beer 
industry. As the world’s leading brewer, we support 
economic prosperity in the communities in 
which we operate, especially in low-income and 

    Read more about the Oxford Economics 
study Beer’s Global Economic Footprint >

Beer’s global economic footprint

Beer’s global economic footprint

THE GLOBAL BEER SECTOR’S 
TOTAL ECONOMIC IMPACT

GDP IMPACT BY COUNTRY
US$, billion (2019 prices)

GROSS VALUE ADDED 
(GVA) IMPACT
$555 billion GVA 

contribution to GDP supported 
by the global beer sector in 2019. 
This was 0.8% of global GDP.

EMPLOYMENT IMPACT
23 million jobs 

sustained by the global beer 
sector in 2019. This was 0.9% 
of total global employment.

140

130

120

110

100

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

20

10

Induced:
$149 bn

Direct:
$200 bn

Induced:
6 mn

Direct:
8 mn

Total GVA
$555(cid:24)bn

Indirect:
$206 bn

$60 bn

$83 bn

$251 bn
GVA

$108 bn

Brewers
Direct
Indirect
Induced

Total jobs
23(cid:24)mn

Indirect:
10 mn

3 mn

1 mn

9(cid:24)mn 
jobs

6 mn

$89 bn

$117 bn

$305 bn
GVA

$98 bn

Downstream 
value chain
Direct
Indirect
Induced

3 mn

4 mn

14(cid:24)mn 
jobs

7 mn

TAX IMPACT

Brewers
$66(cid:24)bn

Downstream 
value chain
$88(cid:24)bn

Beer sales tax*
$109(cid:24)bn

Total
$262(cid:24)bn

Global beer sector spent

$225 billion

with suppliers in 2019.
Brewers: 
$118 billion

Downstream 
value chain: 
$107 billion

0
U S A
U S A
C H

N
C H

E S P
E S P
D E U
D E U
R U S
R U S
B R A
B R A
G B R
G B R
N
C

A

C

N

A

N
M E X
M E X
K O

R
K O

R
F R A
F R A
A

U S
A

IT A
IT A
U S
IN

D
IN

B E L
B E L
D
N L D
N L D
N
V

V

M

N

Z A F
Z A F
M
P E R
P E R
C H E
C H E
A R G
A R G
P O L
P O L
A

U T
A

U T
IR L
IR L
N

O

N

R

O

R
S W

E
S W

E

C

O L
C

O L
D

N K
D

N K
M

Y S
M

FIN
FIN
Y S
D

O

D

M

O

M
P R T
P R T
R

O

R

U

O

U
ID

N
ID

A

G

N

N

G

N

C Z E
C Z E
U K R
U K R
E C U
E C U
A
E T H
E T H
M

M

M

R

M

R

G

H

G

A

H

A
G R C
G R C
H

N

U

N
K H

M
K H

U

H

M

B

O L
B

B G R
B G R
S V K
S V K
T Z A
T Z A
P R Y
P R Y
H R V
H R V
O L
CIV
CIV
P A

N
P A

L T U
L T U
N
S V

N
S V

N
L U X
L U X
C

O

C

D

O

D

A

G

A

H

N

H

D

N

G

U

U

D

M

O Z
M

L V A
L V A
O Z
B

W

B

A

W

M

M

A

N

A

A

B
J A

B
Z M

M
J A

M
Z M

S L V
S L V
L K A
L K A
A
E S T
E S T
N

Z
S W
Source: Oxford Economics

Note: Subtotals may not sum to totals due to rounding.

A
L S O
L S O
S W

Z

R

R

W

W

* Including excise and VAT.

lower-income countries. During the prolonged 
difficulties from COVID-19 for businesses 
throughout the world and especially in hospitality 
sectors, our role in supporting suppliers and 
customers to sustain incomes and livelihoods 
across the economy has become more important 
than ever.

Our efforts to increase the economic power 
of our suppliers and customers, including 
offering access to formalized finance and 
business planning tools, are enhanced by our 
digital platforms. Combined with the transfer of 
knowledge across borders through our internal 
excellence programs, these efforts bring added 
value to national economies. 

555 billion USD

global economic contribution of beer 
in 2019

27%

our estimated contribution to the total 
global economic contribution of the 
beer industry

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     7

in every $131 GDPThe beer sector was linked in some way to $1 in every  $131 of GDP generated  globally in 2019.1 in every 110 jobsThe global beer sector was in some way responsible for 1 in every 110 jobs in the global economy in 2019.Brewers paid some$16 billionin wages and salaries to  their employees in 2019.Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksWe continue to support our 
communities in response to 
COVID-19.
We are deeply connected to our communities. We 
have witnessed firsthand the impact COVID-19 has 
had on our business partners, our colleagues and 
our consumers. In 2021, many of our efforts to help 
our communities focused on vaccination access 
and awareness, donation of medical supplies 
and support to the hospitality sector during 
reopening.

Donating key medical supplies to aid the 
fight against COVID-19

In May, our team in India worked with state 
governments, medical institutions and NGOs 
to equip more than 50 villages in the country 
with over 300 oxygen concentrators, more than 
500,000 medical-grade surgical masks and 
over 5,000 COVID-19 testing kits. We have also 
donated more than 900,000 meals benefiting 
approximately 8,000 families. Our team also set 
up a COVID-19 hospital bed extension with ICU 
facilities in Bengaluru to address the immediate 
requirement of critical care units. 

Raising COVID-19 vaccination awareness 
through partnerships, investments and 
action 

We leveraged the social norms marketing 
capabilities that we developed for our Smart 
Drinking initiatives to support the rollout of COVID-
19 vaccines. Working with the United Nations 
Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) and 
Professor Jeff French, a renowned social norms 
marketing expert, we created a set of training 
resources through a toolkit that has two parts:

•  A government guide on how to organize a 

successful public campaign in support of the 
national COVID-19 vaccination efforts

•  A company guide on how to engage 

governments in support of their COVID-19 
vaccination campaigns.

The toolkit provides an analysis of the impact 
of COVID-19 on sustainable development and 
the uptake of protective behaviors. It also offers 
practical guidelines focused on planning and 

developing vaccine communication campaigns 
and using social norms interventions to promote 
vaccine uptake. 

UNITAR is training government officials using 
the toolkit at its 27 training centers globally. 
To date, the guide has been deployed across 
seven countries: Colombia, Dominican Republic, 
Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Russia and South Africa. 

  The toolkit is available online >

“This is a remarkable 
effort led by a global 
company and we are 
excited to be part of 
it.” 

Estrella Merlos, 
Director of 
Partnerships, UNITAR 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     8

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksExamples of COVID-19 initiatives across our 
Zones

Many of our brands contributed to vaccination  
efforts around the world by offering free beer or 
other prizes as incentives for people.

Examples include:

In the US, we decided that for the first time in  
37 years, Budweiser would not air its iconic Super 
Bowl ad and instead reallocated the media 
investment toward vaccination education. We also 
partnered with the US Administration to support its 
vaccination efforts by offering a free beer to those 
21+ who got their first vaccine dose. 

Our team at South African Breweries ran a vaccine 
awareness campaign during Vooma Vaccination 
week. Initiatives also included a vaccination drive 
for the restaurant industry and donations of 
medical supplies to support the local healthcare 
system.

In Colombia, our Bavaria brand joined forces with 
the Santo Domingo Foundation, Caracol Televisión, 
Coca-Cola and Alquería to raise awareness about 
the importance of vaccination. 

Our logistical efforts included providing 
vaccination sites in South Africa, Peru, the US, 
Argentina, Ecuador and Mexico. Our brands 
donated freezers, coolers and antibacterial gels to 
help with the storage and distribution of vaccine 
doses in Brazil, Bolivia, Mexico and Peru.

We also purchased vaccines to help increase 
availability in our communities. For instance, in 
Mozambique, Cervejas de Moçambique (CDM) 
donated 1 million USD toward the purchase of 
vaccines.

Rebuilding a thriving hospitality industry in 
Europe

In the spring of 2021, as the long-awaited 
reopening of the hospitality sector rolled out 
in countries such as the UK, Belgium and the 
Netherlands, we lent our support to the millions of 
pubs, restaurants and retailers in the recovery. 

For example, Stella Artois started a tipping 
movement to show gratitude to the hospitality 
staff across the UK and to help kick-start their 
income during the reopening. Through our Stella 
Tips campaign, for every pint of Stella Artois 

served, we committed to tipping £1 to staff behind 
the bar, encouraging consumers to do the same. 
In the UK alone, we gave tips to more than 20,000 
bar staff.

When terraces reopened in Belgium in May, 
the Leffe Merci Horeca activation encouraged 
consumers to show their appreciation with a tip 
when buying a beer and pledged to donate €1 for 
every Leffe ordered.

In the Netherlands, Hertog Jan brewed a special 
limited-edition beer called Het Weerzien (The 
Reunion). Proceeds from online sales of Het 
Weerzien went toward supplying local hotels, 
restaurants and cafés in the Netherlands with 
2,000 free casks of beer to celebrate reopening.

Our teams also provided practical, in-person 
support. In the UK, we doubled our production 
to help pub and bar partners get ready for 
outdoor reopening in April. We also supported the 
on-trade, offering deferred rent payments and 
rent reductions, free tap cleaning services and 
keg restocks.

“The support and leadership 
that AB InBev has demonstrated 
globally in the fight against the 
pandemic is outstanding. The 
company is setting an example 
for others to follow through 
its approach to partnerships 
and building evidence-based 
interventions like the vaccine 
toolkit.”

Professor Jeff French, CEO of 
Strategic Social Marketing and 
Visiting Professor, Brighton 
University Business School

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     9

>3.5 million

units of hand sanitizer donated

>3.9 million

masks donated

>125

vaccination facilities supported

28 

vaccination campaigns supported

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksOur ESG strategy 

GRI: 102-16

Our ESG strategy, goals and programs come down to a simple 
insight: By virtue of our integration in local communities, our beliefs 
and values, our people and our commercial scale, we have a unique 
ability to create a future with more cheers—one with shared 
prosperity.

Our strategy focuses on eight strategic priorities: Smart Drinking & 
Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, 
Circular Packaging, Ethics & Transparency, Entrepreneurship and 
Diversity & Inclusion. We believe these priorities are where we can drive 
the greatest shared value for local communities and the planet.

These priorities culminate in three cross-cutting themes that we feel 
capture the shared prosperity AB InBev brings to the world. 

Inclusive
From thousands of farmers, to millions of small retailers, to colleagues 
and consumers, we improve livelihoods and increase access to 
opportunity. Our inclusivity extends to our products. Going beyond an 
affordable and accessible category, we stand for better choices, which 
is why we promote moderation. 

Natural
We are a company based in nature. With products made from simple 
ingredients, we understand the true value of the planet’s precious 
resources. We work with nature instead of against it, leveraging nature-
based solutions to develop resilience where it is needed most. 

Local
With more than 500 local brands in our portfolio across nearly 50 
operating countries, we are truly a global local company. We keep our 
supply chains short, our impact direct and our boots on the ground. We 
believe in the future of local economies and invest in their well-being 
and resilience.

It is these three themes—inclusive, natural and local—that encapsulate 
who we are and how we will create shared prosperity. Across all our 
priorities, the power of these themes distinguishes us.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     10
AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     10

ESG index and reporting frameworksGovernance and stakeholder engagementOur strategic ESG prioritiesOur commitment to a future with more cheersMessage from our Chairman and CEOTable of contentsOur strategic ESG priorities

GRI: 103-2

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     11

     For more information on the topics most material to our business and our stakeholders, see our most recent materiality assessment > 		Smart	Drinking	&	Moderation•  Influencing behavior change with social norms through the power of our brands and their marketing•  Providing Smart Drinking resources and evidence-based programs to consumers and communities •  Expanding consumer access to No- and Low-Alcohol Beer (NABLAB) alternatives•  Amplifying our Smart Drinking messages through digital and technology •  Advocacy efforts to reduce harmful consumption: promoting differentiation Climate •  Working toward a shared long-term ambition pushes us forward •  Short-term goals drive innovation and decarbonization today•  Focusing on additionality and proximity accelerates the energy transitionEntrepreneurship  •  The digital transformation of small- and medium-sized businesses scales impact•  Empowering women entrepreneurs is good for communities and for business•  Capacity building and market linkages help sustain growth  Diversity & Inclusion•  We strive to be an inclusive workplace with equal opportunity for all•  We are using the power of our brands to inspire change  Ethics & Transparency•  Ethical behavior is the foundation for building a company to last•  Digital ethics is key to continue building trust with consumers and customers•  Respecting human rights is fundamental to creating healthy, thriving communities•  Prioritizing health and safety is critical for creating Shared Prosperity with our colleagues  Sustainable Agriculture•  Farmers are at the center of sustainable agriculture•   Building resilience with regenerative practices is critical to the future of farming and nature•   Technology is a key enabler of sustainable agriculture  Water  Stewardship•  Tailored solutions are needed to address the local, complex water challenges around the world•  Innovation can help unlock higher water efficiency and improved water security•  Partnerships and multi-stakeholder collaboration are critical for scaling impact  Circular Packaging•   Innovation is key in developing sustainable, circular packaging•   Investing in local recycling systems is a critical enabler to scale circular packaging•   Brands can build awareness and engage consumers to think about their own packaging choices and recycling habitsTable of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSmart Drinking & 
Moderation

SDG: 3 | GRI: 102-43, 416-1, 417-1

Beer is part of celebrating life throughout the world and a major 
engine of economic activity. However, all products containing 
alcohol can be consumed in ways that cause harm. In the last 
decade, data from the World Health Organization (WHO) shows 
that the harmful consumption of alcohol has decreased around 
the world. But more must be done. Harmful drinking impacts 
our people, our communities and, therefore, our business. As 
the world’s leading brewer, we are committed to accelerating 
continued progress toward the reduction of harmful consumption 
of alcohol worldwide.

Toward that end, in 2015 we launched our Smart 
Drinking Initiative, which aimed to bring to bear 
our company’s resources, skills, capabilities and 
convening power to contribute to the global effort 
to reduce the harmful consumption of alcohol.

Since that time, we have evolved our Smart 
Drinking strategy into a five-pillar program:

1.  Influencing behavior change with social norms 

through the power of our brands and their 
marketing

2.  Providing Smart Drinking resources and 

evidence-based programs to consumers and 
communities 

3.  Expanding consumer access to No- and Low-

Alcohol Beer (NABLAB) alternatives

4.  Amplifying our Smart Drinking messages 

through digital and technology 

5.  Promoting the adoption of evidence-based 

public policy regarding alcohol

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     12

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksProgress toward our Smart Drinking Initiative

Social Norms

Multi-Year Pilots

Product Portfolio

Labeling

By shaping social norms through “Social 
Norms Marketing,” a specific technique to 
engage with consumers to improve behaviors 
in society, it is possible to reduce harmful 
consumption.

Our actions to reduce harmful drinking are 
evidence-based. Results are measured for 
continued improvement. 

As consumers seek to make better, more 
responsible choices, it is important for them 
to have lower-alcohol alternatives that give 
them the flexibility to pace or taper off their 
drinking over the course of a social occasion.

Our labels and secondary packaging are a 
key touchpoint with consumers. They offer 
a unique platform to provide actionable 
advice that research has shown potentially 
influences drinking behaviors. Many countries 
do not require guidance labels. 

Ambition
Invest 1 billion USD across our markets in 
dedicated social marketing campaigns and 
related programs by the end of 2025.

Ambition
Reduce the harmful use of alcohol by at 
least 10% in six cities by the end of 2020. 
Implement the best practices globally by the 
end of 2025.

Ambition
Ensure No- and Low-Alcohol Beer (NABLAB) 
products represent at least 20% of AB InBev’s 
global beer volume by the end of 2025.

Ambition
To place a guidance label on all of our beer 
products in all of our markets by the end of 
2020. Increase alcohol health literacy by the 
end of 2025.

Progress
We have invested more than 450 million USD 
toward achieving our goal, which includes 
more than 100 million USD in 2021.*  We are on 
track to deliver our 1 billion USD investment 
by 2025. 

Progress
Our city pilots program demonstrated that 
there are three interventions that can be 
most impactful in reducing the harmful 
effects of drinking: road safety, responsible 
beverage service, and screenings and brief 
intervention. 

Today, in partnership with local experts, 
governments and the AB InBev Foundation, 
we are supporting 72 interventions across 
24 countries that use evidence-based 
techniques validated in the original city pilots.

Progress
In all countries where mandatory labeling is 
not required, we updated our label designs 
on 100% of our primary product packaging to 
incorporate actions that consumers can take 
to reduce harmful drinking. Updated label 
designs are rolling out across markets.

Progress
This year NABLAB represented 6.7% of beer 
volume. While we are not on track to meet our 
goal by 2025, we have achieved the 20% in 
some countries, such as China and Panama. 
Moreover, we have gained significant insight 
into the NABLAB occasions.  We have used this 
insight to ramp up our NABLAB innovations, 
such as Stella Artois 0.0 and Corona Sunbrew, 
and one of the key insights is the importance 
of having a NABLAB offering using our 
established brands. We have expanded 
our NAB portfolio significantly from 26 to 42 
brands over the last five years. These NAB 
brands are now available in 17 of our top 20 
markets that represent 90% of our global 
volume, with LAB brands (3.5% alcohol or 
below) available in 14 markets. 

*Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes. The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     13

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksShaping social norms through “Social Norms 
Marketing”

Through our social norms marketing campaigns, 
we can leverage our global reach in delivering 
meaningful messages to consumers. We 
promote social norms centered on responsibility, 
moderation and a concern for others by 
leveraging people’s relationship to our products 
and brands. We have committed to a ten-year goal 
of investing 1 billion USD by 2025. We have invested 
more than 450 million USD since the start of the 
commitment, including more than 100 million USD 
in 2021.*

We are on track to meet the goal, and we are 
proud that our efforts are being recognized by 
experts in the marketing industry and academia.

To encourage creativity in our social norms 
marketing, we launched our first annual Social 
Marketing Competition four years ago. In 2021, the 
competition received 107 campaign submissions 
from more than 28 countries around the world—a 
29% increase since its inception. The winning 
campaign, Corona #Rewater, encouraged 
consumers to refill their empty Corona bottles 
with water to hydrate between beers. 

Four of our Smart Drinking campaigns won at the 
2021 Cannes Lions Awards, including the 2020 
Aguila “Live Responsible” and Brazil “Responsible 
Billboards” campaigns.

     Watch our CEO discuss the role of brands in 

promoting Smart Drinking >

Influencing behavior change 
with social norms through the 
power of our brands and their 
marketing
Social norms—and the marketing efforts that 
can impact those norms—offer a powerful 
opportunity to promote healthy behaviors such 
as eating before or during drinking, drinking water 
or non-alcoholic beer between drinks, planning 
transportation before drinking and having 
designated drivers.

Our social norm efforts are built around three 
core programs: 1) Adhering to a clear code of 
Responsible Marketing and Communications; 2) 
Investing in breakthrough social norms marketing 
campaigns through our brands; and 3) Providing 
actionable Smart Drinking labels on our packaging. 

Compliance in marketing communications

To ensure that our marketing promotes positive 
norms, we have established a Responsible 
Marketing and Communications Code (RMCC). 
The RMCC sets the standards for our marketing 
and commercial communication worldwide to 
ensure that our commercial communications 
are aimed only to those above the legal drinking 
age and are carried out in a socially responsible 
manner. 

It is compulsory that Sales, Marketing, Legal & 
Corporate Affairs colleagues, contractors and 
agencies are trained periodically and that every 
marketing campaign and communications 
element is checked against this policy to ensure 
compliance. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     14

Advancing Smart Drinking 
through collaboration with 
Georgetown University

“AB InBev’s Global Smart Drinking initiative was 
successful in bringing together public health 
and corporate leaders to work collaboratively 
toward the common goal of reducing harmful 
drinking. This was a noteworthy, first-of-its-kind 
initiative that holds promise as a model for 
other companies that aspire to have a positive 
impact on society while balancing the triple 
bottom line—people, planet, and profit.” 

     See here highlights from Georgetown University’s Business for Impact 

webinar about our Smart Drinking efforts. >

* Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes. 
The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksThese are just some examples of the social norms campaigns undertaken this past year.

US: Decide to Ride

Chile: Pilsen del Sur

In the US, Anheuser-Busch launched a first-of-
its-kind coalition with Mothers Against Drunk 
Driving (MADD) and ridesharing platform 
Uber. The coalition’s signature program, 
Decide to Ride, aims to change consumer 
behavior by encouraging consumers to plan 
ahead for a safe ride home and influence 
them to never drive drunk. The campaign 
leverages advertising and digital efforts from 
our portfolio of brands including Bud Light, 
Budweiser and Michelob ULTRA. 

In Chile, our brand Pilsen del Sur integrated 
Smart Drinking tips into the Chilean football 
players’ jerseys during a match between Colo 
Colo and Universidad de Chile. 

Peru: Think N’ Then Drink

South Africa: Flying Fish

In Peru, our Cristal 
brand launched 
the “Think N’ Then 
Drink” campaign, 
partnering with local 
sports coaches to 
promote efforts and 
messaging around 
Smart Drinking.

In South Africa, our brand Flying Fish has 
integrated Smart Drinking messaging into 
ads that encourages consumers to think of 
food and to eat before they drink.  

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     15

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksLeading the largest voluntary alcohol 
labeling initiative to reduce harmful 
consumption of alcohol in the world

Our labels and secondary packaging are key 
touchpoints with consumers. They offer a 
unique platform to provide actionable advice 
that research has shown can influence drinking 
behaviors. In 2021, we met our commitment to 
voluntarily update our label designs in all countries 
where mandatory labeling was not required, 
incorporating elements that promote positive 
social norms. To develop our messaging and 
design requirements, we incorporated the work 

of Tufts University School of Medicine and the AB 
InBev Foundation. Currently, updated label designs 
are rolling out across markets based on print 
cycles and product turnover.

In countries where mandatory labeling is already 
in place, we have started to include Smart Drinking 
messages on our secondary packaging, such 
as six-pack cartons and shrink wraps, making it 
possible to add bigger, bolder actionable advice. 

    Access Tufts University’s global guidance on 
alcohol labeling >

Guidance label implementation

Providing Smart Drinking 
resources and evidence-
based programs to consumers 
and communities 
We believe that our actions to reduce harmful 
drinking should be evidence-based. Our results 
should be measured so we can continuously 
improve our efforts. We created the AB InBev 
Foundation, in large part, for this purpose. 

Working in partnership with independent 
academic researchers, the Foundation has 
supported the publication of more than 25 peer-
reviewed articles in high-impact journals, with a 
dozen more in the pipeline. 

Over the past several years, the Foundation ran 
the city pilots initiative in six metro areas around 
the world to identify best practices that could 
be scaled up. HBSA, a supporting organization of 
the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation 
(PIRE), oversees the measurement and evaluation 
of the city pilots and independently manages a 
data library freely available to the broader public 
health research and academic communities upon 
request.

Through these initiatives, we have identified three 
areas of intervention that can be most impactful 
in reducing the harmful use of alcohol: road safety, 
responsible beverage service, and screenings and 
brief intervention. 

Today, in partnership with local experts, 
governments and the AB InBev Foundation, we are 
supporting 72 interventions across 24 countries. 
The learnings from these interventions are 
captured through toolkits to help other countries 
adopt and launch these initiatives. 
Establishing partnerships to advance road 
safety

As one of the largest fleet operators in the world, 
road safety is deeply personal to us. We have 
developed industry-leading programs aimed 
at reducing road crashes and are deploying 
those programs in markets around the world. 
Through our efforts, we are contributing to the 
advancement of UN SDG Goal 3.6—reducing road 
traffic injuries and deaths by 50% by 2030.

A few examples include:

In 2021, we supported Together for Safer Road’s 
project called Houston Vision Zero. The initiative 
aims to eliminate traffic deaths and serious 
injuries in the Texas city, which is home to one of 
our flagship Anheuser-Busch breweries, by 2030. 
Based on the evidence-based Vision Zero road 
safety methodology, the project creates safer 
pedestrian crossings, protected bike lanes and 
public spaces that ultimately improve walkability. 
The purpose of this program is to showcase the 
potential of Vision Zero and how the private and 
public sectors can work together to improve the 
road safety conditions everywhere. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     16

Learn more about 
the Houston 
Vision Zero 
project >

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksWe have also been partnering with the United 
Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) 
since 2018 to provide road safety best practices 
to local governments through trainings. We have 
developed a scientifically rigorous methodology 
for data collection, identifying key risk factors 
linked to road traffic crashes, corrective 
actions and impact measurement to support 
governments and NGOs around the world. As 
a result, in 2021, we launched the Management 
Practices for Safer Roads Toolkit—The Immersive 
Virtual Experience. Using examples of successful 
interventions implemented in Brazil, the toolkit 
guides users on how to build successful road 
safety initiatives. In addition to working with 

“By providing an immersive 
learning experience and 
gamified digital tools, we 
seek to promote learning 
about practical interventions 
that lead to reductions in 
the number of deaths and 
injuries related to road traffic 
crashes.” 

Nikhil Seth, United Nations 
Assistant Secretary-General 
and Executive Director of 
UNITAR

UNITAR to support global implementation of the 
toolkit, we are leveraging our partnership with the 
International Road Federation to host interactive 
events and workshops. 

In Russia, we conducted engineering, education 
and awareness activities in the regions of 
Volgograd and Ivanovo. A total of 160 driving 
schools, 37,000 students and 660 gas stations in 81 
cities received information and visual aids as part 
of an awareness campaign regarding drinking and 
driving.

Our teams at South African Breweries have 
partnered with local municipalities to implement 
Alcohol Evidence Centres (AECs). Operated by law 
enforcement officials and equipped with highly 

effective blood alcohol testing technology, these 
centers enable a higher rate of prosecution for 
drunk drivers and create a stronger deterrent 
within the community. After a successful pilot, we 
rolled out 10 new centers across South Africa in 
2021. 

Our vision is to scale the AEC model across South 
Africa over the next five years with the ultimate 
aim of driving global adoption. As we work toward 
this ambitious goal, we know that we cannot 
act alone. We will continue to build partnerships 
both within communities and across borders to 
develop robust, evidence-based solutions for 
addressing the harmful consumption of alcohol 
worldwide.

Our Road Safety Toolkit 
with UNITAR:

9

languages in which the toolkit is available

23

countries that have implemented the toolkit

54%

toolkit users that are Government,  
Academia or NGO  

Our CEO Michel Doukeris and Nikhil Seth, UN Assistant Secretary-General and Executive Director, UNITAR, 
launched the Immersive Virtual Experience of our Safer Roads Toolkit in September

   Learn more about our 
Road Safety Toolkit >

   Check out the new UNITAR module on social 
norms aimed at improving road safety >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     17

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksProviding resources to ensure Responsible 
Beverage Service 

Responsible Beverage Service (RBS) is an 
evidence-based intervention to train owners, 
management and service staff of establishments 
like bars, restaurants and liquor stores in 
preventing sales to minors and reducing underage 
drinking, binge drinking and drunk driving. The 
program also includes highlighting alcohol-related 
laws and conducting compliance checks of 
establishments. 

Based on learning from our city pilots program, 
we are rolling out RBS programs around the world, 
including:

•  In Alexandra, South Africa, we are implementing 
an RBS program in partnership with the South 
African Council on Alcoholism and Drug 
Dependence (SANCA) and other community 
stakeholders. By mid-2021, 45 liquor stores had 
signed up to participate in the program. 

•  In Brazil, RBS was launched digitally as a response 

to COVID-19, which curtailed face-to-face 
interaction; however, this model has since 
gained traction as a more permanent omni-
channel solution to scale up the program. Four 
supporting videos were initially launched on the 
Curso Boto Fé website and are now distributed 
through a chatbot. Additional RBS courses are 
offered online and via WhatsApp as well as 
through BEES, our e-commerce platform. See 
page 20 of this report for more information on 
how we are expanding our customer, consumer 
and colleague touchpoints through digital.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     18

Expanding access to Screening and Brief 
Intervention

Screening and Brief Intervention (SBI) is a 
preventive program that measures an individual’s 
drinking pattern during outpatient or wellness 
visits and motivates those identified as being 
at risk of harmful consumption of alcohol to 
change their behavior. Its effectiveness has 
been demonstrated when applied at the health 
professional’s office level. Extensive research 
indicates that it also has a large potential to 
reduce harmful consumption at the population 
level if cost-effective ways to implement it can be 
developed. In partnership with experts in this area, 
we are supporting the AB InBev Foundation on a 
series of initiatives to make SBI cost efficient while 
retaining its efficacy. 

The program takes on many forms, depending 
on a community’s need, readiness and capacity. 
For example, a region with strong support from 
its local health department may implement an 
in-person program, while a city with limited local 
support may focus on building relationships and 
implementing a chatbot on a local website. See 
how we’re expanding our customer, consumer and 
colleague touchpoints through digital (page 20).

The SBI program ESCALEMOS in Zacatecas, Mexico, has screened 50,000 people

In Brasilia, Brazil, the SBI program initially worked 
with 17 public sector primary care units and 
200 SBI-trained health workers with a goal of 
conducting 400,000 SBI screenings to address 
heavy episodic drinking. This program was 
originally implemented in-person, but due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the SBI program transitioned 
to a telehealth model. Between 2022–2021, more 
than 15,000 screenings had been conducted. To 
our knowledge, this is the first time in the world 
that the tools of telemedicine have been applied 
to SBI. “Because it is a population prevention 
policy, the solution must reach a high number of 
people in relation to the population covered by 
primary healthcare to be effective,” says Leandro 

Piquet, coordinator of the Brasilia Vida Segura 
steering committee.

In Mexico, the SBI program called ESCALEMOS, 
developed with the support of the Ministry 
of Health in Zacatecas and other community 
stakeholders, resulted in 50,000 people screened. 

Meanwhile, in South Africa, the SBI program 
aimed to reach 42,000 people in the Alexandra 
township. This target was achieved and exceeded 
by November 2021 with more than 54,000 people 
screened. The planning and implementation 
of both programs consisted of broad-based 
community engagement strategies to ensure 
sustainability of the gains. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksharmful consumption, our portfolio is well 
positioned to have a positive impact. This impact 
is expected to increase where the regulatory 
framework incentivizes consumers into lower ABV 
beer.

In the UK, we continue to support Club Soda, 
a start-up that is looking to disrupt the NABLAB 
market by using the power of digital to help 
retailers take advantage of the consumer trends in 
favor of these products. 

We believe that there is opportunity for continued 
growth in this category, which we plan to 
accelerate in the next five years. 
Amplifying our Smart Drinking 
messages through digital and 
technology 
Digital platforms are important tools to 
help amplify our Smart Drinking strategy. As 
e-commerce becomes increasingly important 
in the beer category, we are investing in the 
development of technology-based solutions 
such as age verification tools to minimize the risk 
of illegal underage drinking and other forms of 
harmful drinking.

Developing campaigns to create social 
norms in favor of lower ABV products

Our growing NABLAB portfolio is backed by social 
norms marketing campaigns aimed at driving 
the necessary behavior change and further 
acceptance of these products as a consumer 
choice. 

Our Bavaria brand in Colombia has provided a 
best practice initiative to promote Smart Drinking 
using Aguila 0.0. When consumers shop for spirits 
online, the platform gives them the choice to buy 
Aguila 0.0 at a discount. The discount percentage 
matches the ABV percentage of the spirits they 
buy. 

This promotion is further supported by a 
social norms marketing campaign to connect 
consumers to the benefits of and smart drinking 
tips related to zero-alcohol products. 

   See the campaign video here >

Giving consumers more choice with high-
quality, award-winning NABLAB products

Our expanding portfolio offers a range of styles 
and flavors to meet growing consumer demand. In 
2021, NABLAB represented 6.7% of our beer volume. 
While we are not on track to meet our previously 
established goal for NABLAB to represent 20% of 
our volume by 2025, we are making significant 
strides and have expanded our NABLAB portfolio 
from 26 to 42 brands over the last five years. Our 
NAB brands are now available in 17 of our top 20 
markets that represent 90% of our global volume, 
with LAB brands (3.5% alcohol or below) available 
in 14. 

China is the biggest contributor to our NABLAB 
portfolio, led by Harbin Ice. We have expanded 
Budweiser Zero to more than ten markets, 
launched Corona Sunbrew in Canada and Stella 
Artois 0.0 in the US. Stella earned a gold award 
as the best non-alcoholic beer at the Drinks 
Business Global Masters, a prominent blind tasting 
competition.

Other new additions are zero-alcohol versions 
of Cass in Korea; Hoegaarden in Japan, Brazil and 
China; Quilmes in Argentina; and low-alcohol 
beers such as Victoria Chingones Unidos and 
Corona Ligera in Mexico.

We are also identifying opportunities across our 
portfolio to grow lower-alcohol beer brands and 
meet consumer preferences. We calculated the 
average ABV of our products offered in each 
country and defined any beer below that average 
as a “lower” alcohol beer. A similar global analysis 
reveals that at an aggregated level, our brands 
portfolio has an average ABV of 4.5% with over 55% 
of our volume falling below that threshold. Based 
on expert literature2 indicating that lower alcohol 
beverages can play an important role in reducing 

Expanding consumer access 
to No- and Low-Alcohol Beer 
(NABLAB) alternatives
As consumers seek to make better, more 
responsible choices, it is important for them to 
have lower-alcohol and no-alcohol alternatives. 
As noted in a 2016 study1, “[a]n increase in the 
availability of no- and low-alcohol products 
could contribute to reduction of harmful alcohol 
use in two ways: by current drinkers replacing 
the alcoholic beverages consumed with similar 
beverages of lower strength; or by switching to 
non-alcoholic alternatives for part of their time; 
in both cases reducing the average amount 
of alcohol consumed.” We are innovating and 
globally distributing an array of great-tasting No- 
and Low-Alcohol Beers (NABLAB) that consumers 
can use as tools to comply with emerging social 
norms regarding responsible drinking patterns.

1  Rehm J, Lachenmeier DW, Llopis EJ, Imtiaz S, Anderson P. Evidence of reducing ethanol content in beverages to reduce harmful use of alcohol. 
Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol 2016;1:78–83.
2  Source: Global strategy to reduce the harmful use of alcohol – World Health Organization – 2010 - https://www.who.int/publications/i/

item/9789241599931

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     19

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksLeading compliance monitoring of digital 
assets

To ensure that our digital assets are compliant 
with international Digital Guiding Principles 
standards related to alcohol sales and marketing, 
the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) will 
conduct an independent audit in 2022. Areas 
that are reviewed for compliance include: age 
affirmation mechanisms, site transparency, user-
generated content regulation, forward advice 
notice and a responsible drinking message. In 
preparing for that audit, we developed a first-
of-its-kind automated auditing system that 
continuously monitors all our digital assets for 
compliance against WFA audit parameters. 
This effectively prepares us for future digital 
growth and changes in digital asset compliance 
requirements. The results for the end of 2021 
showed a level of compliance of 99%.

   Click here to access the IARD  
Digital Guiding Principles > 

Expanding our customer, consumer and 
colleague touchpoints through digital 
platforms

In 2021, we launched our first Global Smart 
Drinking Week digitally, further expanding our 
Global Be Responsible Day (GBRD) and connecting 
with consumers and customers primarily using 
digital campaigns and methods. 

To spread the message around the world, all our 
global brands collectively communicated Smart 
Drinking tips on their labels for the first time 
through digital channels. Daily videos, calls to 
action and shared articles helped us engage with 
colleagues and consumers to raise awareness 
about Smart Drinking and associated tips to 
reduce harmful consumption. We also used the 
Smart Drinking Week as an opportunity to embed 
tips and the digital version of our Responsible 
Beverage Service training on our BEES platform, 
providing our customers better access to our 
toolkits. 

In total, more than 13,000 courses were 
completed. The results were impressive and 
largely due to our digital expansion as compared 
to prior year executions. We reached more than 
four times the number of consumers and twice as 
many customers than we did in 2019. Over 28,000 
colleagues participated in Global Smart Drinking 
Week activations, and we reached more than 
17.6 million consumers and more than 1.3 million 
customers.

For example, our team in the Dominican Republic 
leveraged BEES and direct-to-consumer 
campaigns to target clients and consumers. 
In Brazil, our teams transformed the toolkit into 
a chatbot, which is an app that uses artificial 

intelligence to interact with users. For a week, 
they boosted communication throughout BEES 
Brazil, offering a rewards incentive for those who 
completed the training. 

Another exciting area where technology may be 
harnessed to reduce harmful drinking lies in the 
brief interventions highlighted in the previous 
section. In Zacatecas, Mexico, our Grupo Modelo 
and the AB InBev Foundation partnered with 
experts to design and develop HolaPP, a social 
media chatbot that conducts a screening to 
determine if a person is at risk of developing a 
harmful drinking pattern. After being developed 
and tested through our City Pilot, the chatbot is 
now available for wider use. 

Advocacy efforts to reduce 
harmful consumption: 
promoting differentiation 
Evidence-based and data-driven public policy 
is critical to reducing the harmful consumption 
of alcohol. When regulations nudge consumers 
to lower-alcohol fermented beverages, like beer, 
they have the potential to reduce harm. This time-
tested approach, known as “differentiation,” is 
embedded in the regulations of many countries. 
The World Health Organization (WHO) notes in its 
latest Global Alcohol Strategy1 that “[s]pirits should 
be taxed at a higher rate because the production 
cost is less than the production cost for beer 
and wine.” Indeed, it concludes that “a tax system 
based on the volume of alcohol in a product … is 
likely to have the biggest effect on the reduction 
of health inequalities.”2 

Beer also can play an important role in reducing 
the consumption of illicit alcohol, which is 

arguably the worst form of harmful consumption 
because it escapes all product safety and 
regulatory controls, and pays no excise taxes. 
According to Euromonitor International, globally 
one in four beverage alcohols are illicit, and the 
majority of illicit alcohol also tends to be distilled 
beverages with ABV levels higher than beer.3  The 
WHO notes, “The existence of a substantial illicit or 
informal market for alcohol can also complicate 
policy considerations for alcohol taxes. In 
such circumstances, tax increases should be 
accompanied by government efforts to control 
illicit or informal markets through, for instance, tax 
policies that make low-alcohol and nonalcoholic 
variations of culturally preferred beverages more 
attractive.”4 

We, together with other brewers, advocate for 
policies that adjust excise taxes and regulations 
based on the origin of the alcohol and the alcohol 
content of the beverage. In 2021, for example, 
six states in India (Chandigarh, Haryana, Punjab, 
Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal) 
changed their alcohol excise policies with the 
aim of shifting the drinking culture toward lower-
alcohol fermented beverages. 

We leveraged our BEES platform to embed Smart Drinking 
tips and provide access to our Responsible Beverage 
Service toolkits

1  Global strategy to reduce the harmful use of alcohol – World Health Organization – 2010 - https://www.who.int/substance_abuse/alcstratenglishfinal.pdf
2  Resource tool on alcohol taxation and pricing policies – World Health Organization – 2017 - https://www.who.int/publications/i/item/resource-tool-on-alcohol-taxation-and-pricing-policies
3  Size and Shape of the Global Illicit Alcohol Market – Euromonitor International – 2018 - https://www.tracit.org/uploads/1/0/2/2/102238034/illicit_alcohol__-_white_paper.pdf
4  WHO SAFER Technical Package – World Health Organization – 2019 - WHO and partners, “SAFER Technical Package,” (2019), at p. 21.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     20

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksClimate

SDGs: 7, 11, 12, 13 | GRI: 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-5, 308-2

Climate change is one of the most pressing global challenges. Our business is one that is 
closely tied to the natural environment: agricultural crops and water are our key ingredients, 
we require raw materials for our packaging, and we need energy and fuel to brew, transport 
and cool our beers. Our business is also local and closely connected with communities and 
people across our global footprint. All of these have the potential to be impacted by climate 
change, and we are already experiencing climate-related impacts—both environmental and 
social—in our value chain.

2025 Climate Action Goal
100% of our purchased electricity will be from renewable sources, and we will reduce our carbon 
emissions by 25% across our value chain by 2025

Progress

28.63% 

13.58% 

reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions vs. 2017 baseline

reduction in Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emissions vs. 2017 baseline

39.9% 

81.4% 

renewable electricity operational

renewable electricity contracted

While our Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions per hectoliter decreased in 2021 (51.2 kg CO2e/hl, 
versus 53 kg CO2e/hl in 2020), absolute emissions increased as purchases and distribution 
reactivated amidst economic recovery from the pandemic. The main drivers of this increase 
were packaging emissions and product cooling. However, even as economies rebounded 
in 2021, we were able to continue decreasing emissions across Scopes 1 and 2 to 4.4 million 
tons CO2e as a result of renewable energy projects going live in multiple countries as well as 
implementation of energy efficiency initiatives, resulting in a 29% decrease in absolute Scopes 
1 and 2 emissions versus our 2017 baseline.

     For more information about our 

2025 Climate Action Goal > 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     21

     For more details on our Climate Action progress in 2021 >Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksOur evolved understanding of potential climate-
related risks and opportunities across our value 
chain continues to inform our long-term strategy. 
This enables us to innovate, create shared value for 
our company and our stakeholders, and engage 
our consumers and current and future talent on 
the issues that matter to them.

   For more details on our TCFD analysis >

Working toward a shared 
long-term ambition pushes us 
forward 
As part of our commitment to driving 
decarbonization and building climate resilience 
through our 2025 Sustainability Goals, we are 
proud to have announced our ambition to achieve 
net zero across our value chain by 2040.

We have outlined our ambition to achieve net zero 
by 2040 through key actions aimed at accelerating 
our climate transition. Our approach is:

Strengthened by inclusivity 
We view collaboration with suppliers and retailers, 
partnering with start-ups with breakthrough 
solutions and engaging with the wider industry as 
key to decarbonizing the value chain. 

Underpinned by natural solutions 
We believe engagement with farmers in our 
supply chain will help scale regenerative 
agriculture practices to enrich soil health while 
improving the ability to capture carbon. In 
addition, we believe that nature-based solutions 
to improve watershed health will help tackle 
climate change. 

Focused on local impact 
We’re prioritizing local emissions reduction in our 
operations and across our value chain, including 
through investments to drive local innovation.

     Learn more about our 

ambition to achieve net zero >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     22

Our Ambition to Achieve Net Zero

2017

2025

2030

2040

ACHIEVED 2017 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
GOALS*

2025
GOALS ON TRACK**

100% renewable electricity

35% absolute Scopes 1 and 2

25% across value chain

100% packaging in returnables or made 
from majority recycled content

CO2

100+ Accelerator identifying 
breakthrough solutions

Launched supplier-collaboration 
platform Eclipse

3 carbon-neutral facilities as 
best practice

*Pre SAB-AB InBev combination
**Based on 2017 baseline

CATALYZING ACTION
ACROSS OUR SUPPLY
CHAIN

Reset short-term target

Scale energy efficiency and 
renewable thermal energy solutions  

Scale renewables in retailers

Accelerate low-carbon 
packaging solutions

CREATING A 
SUSTAINABLE 
FUTURE

Advanced agtech solutions 

Implement Green Logistics

Alternative fuel fleet

Cascade regenerative 
agriculture practices

Integrated solutions 
with suppliers

Innovative cooling solutions 
at scale

CO2

Nature-based solutions for 
remaining emissions

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
Short-term goals 
drive innovation and 
decarbonization today 
We are building climate resilience by committing 
to transition our global operations to 100% 
renewable electricity and reduce our GHG 
emissions by 25% across our value chain. Following 
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
recommendation, in March 2018 we set a science-
based target that is in line with reductions 
required to keep warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
We are committed to reducing absolute Scopes 1 
and 2 GHG emissions by 35% by 2025 from a 2017 
base year, in line with the 1.5 degrees pathway. 
Furthermore, we commit to increasing annual 
sourcing of renewable electricity from 7% in 2016 
to 100% by 2025. We also commit to reducing 
emissions across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 
3) by 25% per beverage by 2025, from a 2017 base 
year. We include over 87% of our total Scope 3 
emissions in our science-based target, putting us 
well over the two-thirds inclusion threshold that is 
required by the Science Based Targets initiative.

Eclipse: a dedicated platform for 
collaborating on climate resilience

We continue to engage suppliers through 
our Eclipse platform. In the past year, we 
launched Eclipse Activate in North America, 
which is our program to help support suppliers 
and provide them with the tools needed to 
measure and track decarbonization across 
their supply chains. In 2021, we mapped 
initiatives through the Eclipse Activate 
platform, which equated to a potential 
reduction of 150,000 tons CO2e per year. We 
continuously seek ways to collaborate with our 
suppliers across our value chain and are proud 
to have more than 80 suppliers participating in 
the Eclipse platform. 

  Learn more about Eclipse >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     23

GHG emissions by crop*

Breakdown of GHG emissions by scope category 

Rice 38.65%

Wheat 0.12% 

Corn 11.48%

Sugar 2.14%
Hops 0.14%
Cassava 0.84%
Sorghum 0.26%
Others 0.11%

Barley 46.25%

Agriculture 12.5% 

Processing 
brewing  
ingredients 5.1% 

Packaging 
materials 38.1% 

GHG Emissions by packaging type

Brewing operations 12.3% 

GHG

Returnable kegs 2.51 kg CO2e/hl

PET 8.38 kg CO2e/hl

Returnable glass 9.18 kg CO2e/hl

Cans 25.35 kg CO2e/hl

One-way glass 44.43 kg CO2e/hl

Logistics 9.4% 

Product cooling 20.2% 

End of product life 2.4% 

*Agriculture represents 12.5% of our value chain emissions. It is part of Scope 3 within our value chain and is included in the Category “Purchased Goods and Services.”

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksLeading the way with the industry’s first 
brewery powered by green hydrogen

through the use of an on-site wind turbine and 
solar farms.

We continue to find innovative solutions to help 
achieve our sustainability goals. One example 
of how we are proactively reducing emissions 
is our partnership with Protium Green Solutions, 
which will enable us to use green hydrogen to fuel 
production at our brewery in Magor, South Wales, 
in the UK.

This initiative will create the first brewery supplied 
with green hydrogen under one of the first 
hydrogen purchase agreements (HPAs) in the sector.

We will set up infrastructure to produce over  
20 MW of renewable energy and green hydrogen 
at the Magor site. The hydrogen production 
facility will include a battery, hydrogen storage 
unit and hydrogen refueling station. We anticipate 
that it will become operational by 2024. This will 
further enhance our impact at the Magor brewery, 
which is already using 100% renewable electricity 

Building the largest electric fleet in 
Colombia

In January 2021, we announced the lease of 200 
electric trucks in Colombia in partnership with 
Renting Colombia. This fleet, which will have a 
combination of medium- and light-load vehicles, 
as well as forklifts and salesforce cars, makes 
our subsidiary Bavaria the largest corporate 
electric fleet owner in Colombia. In addition to 
modernizing our fleet, the lease is helping Bavaria 
promote the transformation toward electric 
mobility in the country. The new electric trucks are 
expected to roll out by the second half of 2022, 
with an estimated CO2 reduction of more than 
4,000 tons a year.

Scaling sustainable innovations

We are innovating with new milling equipment 
in our breweries to “de-husk” malt. The process 
removes the outer husk of the malted barley 
before the brewing process starts. The discarded 
husk is then used as a source of heat (biomass), 
and the inside part of the malt is used in the 
brewing process, increasing productivity and 
energy efficiency, and reducing emissions. We 
have implemented in six breweries to date and are 
exploring the opportunity to scale this technology 
in the coming years. 

“Companies must act urgently 
to cascade action and manage 
environmental impacts throughout 
their supply chains to scale the 
level of action to secure a 1.5°C 
future. Many congratulations to the 
400+ companies earning a place on 
CDP’s 2021 Supplier Engagement 
Leaderboard. As a Supplier 
Engagement Leader, AB InBev is a 
trailblazer driving the transition 
towards a sustainable net-zero future.”

Sonya Bhonsle, Global Head of 
Value Chains & Regional Director 
Corporations, CDP 

In 2021, we continued to work toward our 2025 
Climate Action Goal while also looking ahead to 
our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Achieved carbon neutrality in three facilities

In June 2021 we announced our first carbon-
neutral facility in Wuhan, China. In September 
we announced another brewery in Ponta Grossa, 
Brazil, and our first carbon-neutral malthouse 
in Passo Fundo, Brazil. Carbon neutrality refers 
to Scope 1 and 2 emissions only and includes 
compensation of emissions. 

All three facilities are powered with biomass 
for heat production and renewable electricity 
generated from solar power. The remaining 
emissions that are difficult to abate are being 
offset.

   Read more about our first carbon-neutral 
facility in Wuhan, China >
   Learn about our carbon-neutral brewery and 
malting site in Brazil >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     24

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksCountries where our operations have renewable electricity (operational or contracted)  

Netherlands 

Ukraine

Germany

United  
Kingdom 

Belgium 

Canada 

United States 

Mexico 

Guatemala 

El Salvador

Panama 

Colombia 
Ecuador 

Peru 

Bolivia 

Chile 

Canary Islands 

 Dominican Republic

 Honduras

 Barbados

Ghana 

Nigeria  

 Brazil

 Paraguay

Botswana 

Namibia 

 Uruguay

 Argentina

India 

 Uganda

 Tanzania

 Mozambique
 Zambia

 Swaziland

 Lesotho
 South Africa

 Russia

 South Korea

 China

 Vietnam

Focusing on additionality and 
proximity accelerates the 
energy transition

Brewing with renewable energy 

As we work to achieve 100% renewable electricity, 
this year we made strides in multiple countries. For 
example, in South Africa, Castle Lite has begun to 
make the switch to renewable electricity to draw 
less from the country’s national grid and reduce 
GHG emissions.

All seven of the Castle Lite breweries in South 
Africa now use solar power. In addition, our 
Alrode brewery in Johannesburg also generates 
electricity from bio-gas captures in our 
wastewater treatment process. From January to 
August 2021, the seven breweries generated over 
9.7GWh of renewable electricity, reducing our CO2 
emissions by 9,443 tons.

In the US, Anheuser-Busch celebrated the early 
achievement of its 2025 renewable electricity 
goal. It announced that its entire portfolio of 
domestic beer and seltzer brands in the US is 
now brewed with 100% renewable electricity from 
solar and wind power. This was made possible by 
the Anheuser-Busch Solar Farm, a 222MWac solar 
project in Pecos County, Texas. The solar farm was 
developed in partnership with Recurrent Energy, 
a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian Solar Inc., 
and is the largest solar project for the beverage 
industry in the US. Construction took nearly two 
years and created approximately 370 full-time 
jobs during the peak of construction.

In celebration of meeting this milestone four years 
ahead of our goal and World Environment Day, 
we donated 100,000 USD to the Green Restaurant 
Association to support their vital work focused 
on environmental sustainability in the restaurant 
industry.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     25

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksWater Stewardship

SDGs: 6, 15 | GRI: 102-13, 102-43, 303-1, 303-2, 303-3, 304-2, 413-1

More than just a key ingredient in our products, water is a critical resource for the health and 
well-being of communities around the world. Water resource challenges are magnified by 
climate pressures, inadequate infrastructure and governance issues. The growing scarcity 
of freshwater resources is not just a material issue for our company, it is a global risk to the 
economic, social and environmental well-being of our communities. As the world’s leading 
brewer, we are focused on being a part of the solution to the growing water challenges across 
our communities and supply chain. 

2025 Water Stewardship Goal
100% of our communities in high-stress areas will have  
measurably improved water availability and quality by 2025

Progress

2.66 

hl/hl water use efficiency ratio

100% 

of sites in scope for our goal have conducted 
outreach, analyzed local water challenges and 
identified potential solutions  

83% 

3 

of these sites have started 
implementation of solutions 

of these sites have begun seeing 
measurable impact

We continued to make progress toward our goal by leveraging our 7-step watershed management 
process, with two additional sites starting implementation of on-the-ground water solutions and one 
additional site measuring impact, compared to 2020. Variation in the nature and complexity of local 
water challenges, stakeholder groups and interests, and solution design results in variation at the sites 
that progress through the 7-step process.

     For more information about our 

2025 Water Stewardship Goal > 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     26

     For more details on our Water Stewardship progress in 2021 > Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksTailored solutions are needed 
to address the local, complex 
water challenges around the 
world
We developed a water risk assessment tool that 
leverages external data sources and input from 
our local teams to review our operational risk 
globally on a quarterly basis. Using this tool, we 
have identified and continue to prioritize our 
sites that are located in high water-stress areas. 
In 2021, a total of 41 of our facilities were located 
in high-stress areas; 36 of these are in scope for 
our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal based on a 
2017 baseline analysis. To address the watershed 
challenges specific to the local context in these 
water-stressed areas, we have developed and 
implemented a 7-step watershed management 
process. 

Here are a few examples of localized solutions 
developed using this process:
Improving water availability and 
management practices in Mexico

In Zacatecas and Apan, Mexico, our team at 
Grupo Modelo runs two breweries, both of which 
depend on the availability of water resources 
from the nearby Calera and Apan aquifers. Due 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     27

Where we are working toward our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal

United States 

Mexico 

El Salvador

Colombia 

Peru 
Bolivia 

 Brazil

Zambia 

Namibia 

 Argentina

India 

 Uganda

 Tanzania

 Mozambique

 South Africa

to rapid population, economic and agricultural 
production growth, these aquifers have come 
under significant stress. Our Aquas Firmes project, 
being implemented together with Deutsche 
Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit 
(GIZ) GmbH, is working to recharge these aquifers 
and improve long-term water security for the local 
population, farmers and local industry—aiming to 
benefit over 700,000 community members.

We and our partners in the project aim to improve 
sustainable water management practices in the 
Calera and Apan aquifers by supporting farmers 
to implement drip irrigation and conservation 

agriculture; installing a network of hydrological 
monitoring stations and training local stakeholders 
on aquifer monitoring and management; 
creating water stewardship agreements in each 
community; and fostering the recharging of the 
aquifers through nature-based solutions and 
green infrastructure.

In 2021, the project made meaningful progress 
toward these objectives. This included supporting 
farmers in the implementation of drip irrigation 
technology and conservation agriculture 
practices on more than 1,500 hectares of farmland, 
and providing 237 farmers with improved access 

to credit, insurance and/or subsidies. The project’s 
implementing partners planted more than 170,000 
seedlings to support reforestation, installed 
nearly 25,000 meters of stone barriers and built 
39 gabion dams to promote water infiltration. 
In addition, project partners conducted 105 
community trainings to build local capacity for 
sustainable water resource management, and 66 
farmers signed voluntary pacts to conserve water 
by changing water use practices. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks“I was invited to participate in the Aguas 
Firmes project and in a short time I was 
able to fully technify my land. I have 
noticed it helps save water, electricity and 
worktime in the field. In addition to the 
technification of the irrigation system, 
Aguas Firmes has helped and advised me 
to implement sustainable agricultural 
practices, such as crop rotation and 
minimum tillage. During the time I have 
been in the Aguas Firmes project, I have 
been able to see that the soil is better 
preserved. It is very important that we 
as farmers re-educate ourselves in this 
dynamic of water and soil conservation.”

José Luis Muro Rodarte, farmer in 
Zacatecas, Mexico

the indigenous species, which include fynbos—
the smallest of the world’s six floral kingdoms and 
an important component of biodiversity in the 
region.

Since 2013, South African Breweries (SAB) and the 
World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) have partnered 
with a range of organizations such as the Council 
for Scientific & Industrial Research, GIZ and the 
Department of Forestry, Fisheries, and Environment 
to help solve this growing challenge of invasive 
species in the George region. With active 
support and funding from the Natural Resource 
Management agency, the partners worked 
toward clearing riparian land of invasive species. 
The area also faces high levels of poverty, so the 
process was designed to help empower the local 
community by selecting, training and equipping 
people to conduct the clearing to help restore the 
watershed. 

7-step watershed management process 

Analysis

Implementation

Measurement

36 SITES

28 SITES

2 SITES

STEP 1

Stakeholder 
convening 
& outreach

STEP 2

Problem 
identification 
& prioritization

STEP 3

Solution  
agreement

STEP 4

STEP 5

STEP 6

Implementation  
plan

Governance 
& finance

Communication

STEP 7

Impact 
measurement 
& monitoring

Restoring ancient water channels in Peru

Our Backus team in Peru relies on water from the 
Rimac aquifer for production, which is also the 
main water source for more than 11 million people 
in the capital, Lima. Many communities live in the 
upper basin of the Rimac River, and their main 
sources of income are agriculture, livestock and 
tourism. Due to extensive and growing water 
demand and the effects of climate change, 
the watershed is under stress, impacting the 
water security and income activities of these 
communities. 

We are helping restore ancestral water channels 
and infiltration systems called amunas to expand 
water availability in the dry season for agricultural 
activities. Additionally, we are strengthening the 
capacity of rural communities through training in 
maintenance, operation and monitoring of these 
amunas, and incorporating nature-based solutions 
into their water resources management. So far, we 

have helped rehabilitate nearly 13 km of amunas 
and trained 121 local community residents on the 
operation and maintenance of the amunas. In 2021, 
the project was recognized with a Lighthouse 
Award from the Brave Blue World Foundation.

Promoting watershed health and 
replenishment in the hops-growing region of 
South Africa

The Western Cape area of George, South Africa, 
is home to unique hydrological and geographical 
features that make it the only region in Africa 
suitable for growing hops, a key ingredient in 
brewing our flavorful beers. The effects of climate 
change, such as changing rainfall patterns, and 
growing demands from agriculture and urban 
development, are putting pressure on water 
availability in this region. The presence of non-
native vegetation is one of the leading threats to 
water security in the region, as these plant species 
consume between 20% to 60% more water than 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     28

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksand developing facility-level roadmaps for future 
implementation. 

Here are a few examples of how we aim to get 
there:

Making reverse osmosis even more water 
efficient

Reverse osmosis is an energy-efficient 
desalination technology used to pretreat water 
for use in beverage production, including beer 
brewing. Currently, we use reverse osmosis 
technology at nearly 80 of our facilities around the 
world, with some facilities having more than one 
reverse osmosis installation. The current average 
water recovery capacity of these installations 
is approximately 80%, but new and emerging 
reverse osmosis technologies have the potential 
for up to 95% water recovery or more.

At our brewery in Baoding, China, we are already 
implementing initiatives to improve our water use 
efficiency through effluent treatment and reuse. In 

2021, we installed a treatment system that enables 
us to recover and treat a type of effluent called 
brine that typically is rejected and not reused. The 
new system treats the recovered water to local 
drinking water quality standards, allowing it to be 
reused for processes inside the brewery, saving an 
estimated 0.1 hl/hl per year.

In 2021, we partnered with the University of Louvain 
la Neuve in Belgium to evaluate technologies 
for further optimizing reverse osmosis. This 
will enable us to enhance our facilities’ water 
recovery capacity and improve our water use 
efficiency even further. The project reviewed four 
promising reverse osmosis technologies available 
on the market today, quantifying the estimated 
water savings potential of each and estimating 
expected cost savings from the reduced 
water consumption. The project concluded 
that investment in improved reverse osmosis 
technology could lead to both significant water 
savings and cost reductions. 

Brewery water intake by source

Ground water 
41.0%

Rainwater 
<0.1%

Third party 
41.6%

Surface 
water 17.4%

From 2011 to 2021, the project conducted initial 
invasive species clearing on 1,275 hectares, and 
1,550 hectares of follow-up clearing (as some 
areas of initial clearing have undergone more than 
one follow-up clearing). These clearing efforts are 
estimated to have saved approximately 9 billion 
liters of water per year and positively impacted 
the community with an estimated 36,000 person-
days of employment, with SAB providing about 
33% of the total funding for these initiatives.

Innovation can help unlock 
higher water efficiency and 
improved water security
Within our operations, we brew our beer aiming 
for high levels of water efficiency. In 2021, we 
reached a global water use efficiency ratio of 
2.66 hl/hl. We challenge ourselves to do more, 
aiming to reach a 2.5 hl/hl ratio globally and 
2.0 hl/hl ratio for breweries in water-stressed 
areas by 2025. We leverage our internal Voyager 

Plant Optimization (VPO) management system, 
which includes a dedicated module on tracking 
our water use efficiency and optimizing water 
treatment plant operations. VPO also includes a 
suite of good operational practices to minimize 
water consumption, as well as procedures for 
reusing and recycling water in parts of the brewing 
process. Finally, our facilities are supported with 
a tool that helps with identification of additional 
water efficiency improvement opportunities 
based on benchmarking with our top-performing 
facilities. 

In support of our water use efficiency ambition, in 
2021 we worked with suppliers and other partners 
to investigate and identify new opportunities 
to further reduce our water consumption. The 
outcome of this effort was the development 
of a tool that our facilities will be able to use to 
identify water use efficiency technologies that 
are particularly relevant to their local operating 
conditions. In the coming year, we intend to 
focus on piloting some of these technologies 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     29

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksTurning brewing leftovers into sustainable 
irrigation methods 

SAB is working with Rhodes University, the Nature 
Resource Management Programme and other 
partners on creating an innovative artificial 
wetland at an SAB brewery. The project treats the 
local brewery effluent and uses the water and 
nutrients to irrigate a sustainable crop of spinach 
for the local community.

The project began 13 years ago, when SAB 
partnered with others to develop a fully green 
biological treatment solution for wastewater and 
other leftovers from the beer-brewing process. 
Now SAB is taking its commitment one step further 
with the development of a 2,000 m2 commercial 
drip system for a local grower of spinach. The new 
crops are irrigated using the treated wastewater, 
which has enough nutrients to eliminate the need 
for additional fertilizers and water usage. Plus, the 
spinach beds reduce the nutrient concentration 
enough that about 90% of the water can be 
recovered and reused in the brewery.

These projects aim to reduce water consumption 
at the site by 350,000 liters per day. This effort is 

part of several agricultural capital investments 
being made by SAB in partnership with local 
start-up TaylorMade Water Solutions. In addition 
to supporting the construction of the raised beds 
described above, SAB also offered technical and 
business coaching help to TaylorMade Water 
Solutions through its Supplier Development 
Program.

Partnerships and multi-
stakeholder collaboration are 
critical for scaling impact

Given the scale and complexity of the water 
challenges facing our communities, we know we 
cannot do this work alone. We continue to serve 
as a co-founding member of the Water Resilience 
Coalition, an industry-driven, CEO-led initiative of 
the UN Global Compact that aims to elevate global 
water stress to the top of the corporate agenda 
and preserve the world’s freshwater resources 
through collective action in water-stressed basins. 
We also continued our engagement as a global 
corporate member of the 2030 Water Resources 
Group, a multi-stakeholder water partnership 

based at the World Bank with local implementation 
partners in priority markets for our business, such 
as Peru and South Africa.

We also know that we can scale our impact 
even further when we engage our consumers 
through our brands. Our global brand Stella Artois 
continued its partnership with Water.org to help 
provide millions of people in the developing world 
with access to safe water. Since the partnership 
began in 2015, Stella Artois has supported 
Water.org in providing access to safe water to 
more than 3.6 million people through direct 
donations and the sale of special-edition chalices, 
packs and pours.

Finally, this year we signed agreements for the 
next phase of partnership with both The Nature 
Conservancy (TNC) and the WWF to continue 
our watershed work together, focused on 
investing financial and technical resources in 
efforts such as nature-based solutions, improved 
water infrastructure and enhanced governance 
capacity. In addition, we worked with both of these 
partners to develop thought leadership resources 
for companies and stakeholders to use in their 
own water stewardship efforts. With TNC, we 
published a guide for measuring and evaluating 
the impact of corporate watershed projects, 
breaking the process down into five steps: 
defining objectives, developing performance 
indicators and metrics, planning data collection, 
analyzing and evaluating the data, and reporting 
and communicating to stakeholders. The 
guide is intended to help in demystifying the 
measurement and evaluation process and help 
practitioners engage their project partners early 
on to develop and implement a measurement and 
evaluation plan that is robust, but also targeted 
and cost effective.

   Check out the report on Measuring and 
Evaluating the Impact of Corporate Watershed 
Projects >

During the UN Climate Change Conference 
(COP26), we joined WWF in publishing Waterways 
to Resilience, a report demonstrating how 
nature-based solutions can play a critical role 
in addressing water challenges and supporting 
climate adaptation and resilience more broadly. 
The report focuses on evidence, from Africa 
and globally, on the potential of nature-based 
solutions to address five key water challenges: 
water scarcity, degradation of water quality, 
flood risk, stormwater and urban floods, and 
coastal erosion and floods. It also provides 
recommendations for getting investment in 
nature-based solutions to scale.

    Learn more about the Waterways to Resilience 
report >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     30

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSustainable Agriculture

SDGs: 1, 2, 5, 8, 13, 15 | GRI: 102-4, 102-6, 304-2

We depend on high-quality agricultural crops from thriving communities and healthy ecosystems to brew our beers. 
We see the increasing impact from climate change in our sourcing regions, which is why we work to build resilience 
through crop management, improved varieties and risk mitigation tools. We also explore how agriculture can reduce 
GHG emissions, protect watersheds and improve biodiversity. Beyond the environmental aspect, we know the impacts 
of climate change in agriculture are closely linked with the social and economic challenges farmers face across the 
globe. The success of farmers and the health of our sourcing regions are critical to ensuring the long-term viability of 
quality brewing crops, supporting thriving agricultural communities and contributing to a healthier environment. 

2025 Smart Agriculture Goal
100% of our direct farmers will be Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered by 2025

Progress

>22,000 

direct farmers in 2021

65% 

74% 

farmers Skilled

69% 

farmers Connected

farmers Financially Empowered

Between 2020 and 2021, the relative number of Skilled farmers decreased by 2%, Connected increased by 
8% and Financially Empowered increased by 9%. Though there was a relative decrease in Skilled farmers, the 
absolute number of Skilled farmers increased by more than 900, as the number of farmers in scope for our 
goal increased by nearly 8% to more than 22,000 farmers. The increase in scope was most pronounced in our 
Africa Zone, with more sorghum farmers in Zambia, Tanzania and Uganda. While COVID-19 pandemic restrictions 
continued to limit our ability to engage face-to-face with farmers, we leveraged socially distanced visits, 
digital tools and alternative approaches like radio broadcasts in smallholder farming communities to continue 
providing support to farmers. We also added our Ukraine barley program to the scope for our goal, increasing 
countries in scope to 14.

     For more information about our 

2025 Smart Agriculture Goal >  

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     31

 FormoredetailsonourSmartAgriculture progress in 2021 >Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksFarmers are at the center of 
sustainable agriculture
We take a farmer-centric approach in supporting 
sustainable agriculture and leverage our direct, 
local connections to farmers through our 
agronomists and researchers on the ground. 
To build resilient agricultural supply chains, our 
initiatives address the environmental aspects 
of farming as well as the economic and social 
elements that are so closely linked.

Advancing financial empowerment through 
financial literacy training

Financial literacy training is a critical enabler of 
financial empowerment for smallholder farmers 
in our supply chain. Improved knowledge of 
personal finances helps farmers better evaluate 
and leverage financial services to ensure their 
operations will continue well into the future. 
In 2021, we partnered with Rabobank’s Rabo 
Partnerships to develop a financial literacy 
curriculum to help our teams and implementation 
partners train smallholder farmers in Tanzania, 
Uganda and Zambia. The curriculum includes 
modules on financial literacy basics, savings, 
budgeting and record keeping, risk management 
and financial products and services.

As a part of the initiative, we piloted a farmer train-
the-trainer program in Uganda along with Rabo 
Partnerships and the Agribusiness Development 
Centre, an organization dedicated to market and 
financial training for farmer organizations. Our 
team selected 20 lead farmers to participate in 
the program, which included training simulations, 
trainee assessments and engagement with 
financial services institutions. In turn, these 
farmers trained more than 680 of their peer 
farmers in their communities. In response to 
trainer feedback, we are now developing a visual 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     32

Agricultural development programs

Barley

Corn/maize

Hops

Cassava

Sorghum

Rice

learning guide to facilitate future trainings. While 
each market requires a tailored approach and 
content, we plan to continue to harness the 
energy and expertise of lead farmers to scale 
training.

 Working closely with farmers to develop 
solutions

Our ability to advance sustainable agriculture 
is only possible through our partnership with 
farmers. In 2020, we launched the Grower Advisory 
Panel in the US to strengthen our connection 
with farmers and help improve our supply chain. 
The Panel convenes more than 20 farmers who 

represent each of our crops and sourcing regions 
with members of our Zone and Global teams to 
engage on commercial, agronomic, sustainability, 
policy and consumer topics. In order to represent 
the perspectives of more farmers on these 
topics, the Panel established the Voice of the 
Grower survey in its first year, with response rates 
exceeding 40% in 2020 and 2021. In 2021, the Panel 
identified and aligned on priority areas to address, 
including collaborating on soil health and water 
stewardship opportunities, expanding the use 
of data to make crop decisions and continuing 
a focus on farm health and safety initiatives. 
Our team shares biannual newsletters with all 

direct farmers to highlight Panel priority areas 
and accomplishments, and farmer members 
also serve as points of contact for their peers to 
extend the reach of the Panel. Given the insights 
from this Panel and the positive response from 
participating farmers, we will look to develop 
similar forums on a more global scale.

   Learn more about how we are addressing human rights topics in agricultural supply chains >Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksBuilding resilience through 
regenerative practices 
is critical to the future of 
farming and nature
Globally, farming practices over the last century, 
compounded by the effects of climate change, 
have inadvertently weakened soil health, 
threatened water resources and exacerbated 
biodiversity loss. We are working in our agricultural 
supply chains to address these integrated issues 
using a collaborative systems approach to help 
improve soil health and farmer productivity, 
protect water resources and mitigate the impact 
of climate change for more resilient communities.

Implementing our soil health framework

Empowering farmers to improve their soil health is 
a critical pillar of building long-term supply chain 
resilience. As a company that sources crops from 
a diverse network of farmers, we recognize there 
is no one-size-fits-all approach to improve soil 
health. We partnered with The Nature Conservancy 
(TNC) to develop a framework for soil health —an 
approach that is flexible across the spectrum 
of farm sizes, crops and regions from which we 
source. 

In 2021, our researchers and agronomists worked 
through the framework to advance a common 
set of soil health principles that leverage locally 
relevant practices, building on existing initiatives 
and developing new ones. After benchmarking 
soil health practices in each sourcing region, our 
teams prioritized practices to advance based on 
their potential positive impact to farmers and our 
business. 

We developed the local business case for each 
prioritized practice and determined the technical, 
financial and cultural support farmers would 
require to adopt new practices, the role our 
teams could play and the partnerships needed 
to succeed. Through existing initiatives such as 
improving soil analysis in India, providing evidence 
of soil health benefits on our model farm in South 
Africa and building a farmer peer-to-peer network 
in the US, our agronomy teams are helping farmers 
overcome barriers to adoption. Demonstrating 
soil health improvements is crucial for scaling 
new practices and technologies, which is why 
we are leveraging and expanding our internal 
technology platform, SmartBarley, to measure 
soil health impacts in both individual fields and 
across farming ecosystems to ultimately scale 
more sustainable practices across farming 
communities.

Scaling regenerative practices to our 
indirect barley sourcing

Our ambition to achieve net zero across our 
value chain by 2040 is underpinned by natural 
solutions, which in agriculture include scaling 
regenerative practices to enrich soil health while 
sequestering carbon. Through our award-winning 
100+ Accelerator program, we kicked off a pilot in 
France with Soil Capital, Boortmalt and Axereal to 
incentivize a cohort of barley farmers to adopt 
regenerative practices in exchange for quantified, 
certified carbon claims. By comparing farmers’ 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     33

2025 Smart Agriculture Goal

SKILLED
A Skilled farmer:
•  grows an approved variety

•  has received a crop protocol for 

that variety

•  has participated in two technical 

engagements annually with 
AB InBev agronomists or 
our partners

CONNECTED
A Connected commercial farmer:
•  receives insights from SmartBarley or a 

similar platform

A Connected smallholder farmer:
•  receives at least three digital communications 

during the year on market, weather  or 
agronomic advice

FINANCIALLY EMPOWERED
A Financially Empowered  commercial farmer:
•  has access to cost sharing or risk 

mitigation tools

A Financially Empowered smallholder farmer:
•  receives financial training annually and has 

access to appropriate financial tools

LOCAL IMPACT
Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered 
define the way we work with farmers to build 
resilient supply chains
•  Environmental impact: GHG reduction, water, soil 

health, biodiversity

•  Economic impact: farmer profitability 

& productivity

•  Social impact: women & youth empowerment, 

on-farm health & safety, dignified work

whole farm- and crop-level carbon performance 
during their baseline year (2020) and after their 
first year, we will gain insights on ways to improve 
the carbon footprint of barley and how these 
practices could be scaled. The pilot will also help 
hone our approach to collaborating with third-
party suppliers as we work to scale our sustainable 
agriculture efforts to indirect sourcing programs.
Mapping biodiversity action areas

Biodiversity provides essential genetic diversity 
and meaningful ecosystem services for 

agriculture. Alleviating pressures related to 
pollution, climate change, natural resource use, 
land use change and invasive species is critical 
to protecting and enhancing biodiversity in our 
sourcing regions. In 2021, we partnered with TNC 
to map priority areas for biodiversity action by 
overlaying global environmental data sets with our 
direct sourcing regions to identify the density and 
coexistence of biodiversity pressures. 

Building on their relationship with farmers and 
knowledge of the local context, our agronomy 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksThe technology was especially helpful as our 
agronomists worked to support farmers during 
the pandemic. The satellite imagery and weather 
data provided through FieldAgent enabled our 
agronomists to continue providing scouting 
support remotely, as the pandemic limited 
our teams’ ability to be in the fields alongside 
farmers, enhancing adoption of the tool. To further 
strengthen the relationship between farmers 
and our agronomists, we are giving farmers 
direct access to FieldAgent as a trial. The shared 
tool will connect remote sensing and in-field 
advising, helping create a common language 
for agronomists and farmers through shared 
information.

We also are working with Sentera to develop 
predictive analytics that will give us early 
indications of barley yield and quality. In 2021, we 
used data from the United States, Uruguay and 
Russia to validate these analytics, which proved to 
be approximately 80% accurate at predicting yield 
ahead of harvest. Anticipating potential supply 
disruptions will help us better advise farmers 
as well as balance crop inventories across our 
operations. 

Developing resilient crop varieties for the 
future

Using traditional breeding methods alone to 
develop crop varieties that are optimized for 
agronomic and brewing performance requires 
years of testing. Our breeding pipeline for a single 
variety is about ten years from start to finish. 
With changing market and climate conditions, 
we are under increased pressure to speed the 
development of crop varieties to help ensure our 
priority crops remain competitive for farmers.

We are partnering with Computomics to use 
their predictive analytics capabilities alongside 
our traditional breeding methods to refine 
and accelerate our process for barley variety 

development. Together, we are using artificial 
intelligence and machine learning to analyze 
complex data sets, including genetics, yield, 
malting quality, environment and climate. By 
modeling the potential of different barley traits 
across various environmental scenarios, we 
expect that we will be able to choose high-
potential material for future field and brewing 
evaluations and move more quickly toward the 
release of new varieties. Early indications from our 
work in 2021 suggest a 50% or greater increase in 
the rate of improvement is possible for key variety 
traits, including yield.

As we anticipate future resource constraints, 
we believe this method of pairing data analytics 
with traditional breeding methods will allow us 
to model traits such as drought stress response, 
leading to the development of more resilient 
varieties. Continuing to scale the implementation 
of this approach across our sourcing regions will 
help our varieties support a reliable, quality supply 
of barley to brew our beers today and in the future.

“It is important that the food and 
beverage sector make meaningful 
progress to reduce its impact on 
biodiversity. AB InBev has shown 
leadership by seeking to understand 
and mitigate the impact of its direct 
agricultural ingredient sourcing 
on biodiversity, developing a novel 
approach that we hope will push the 
sector to make progress faster.”

- Michael Wironen, Ph.D. – Senior 
Scientist, Agriculture & Food Systems 
at The Nature Conservancy

teams have begun to develop both broad 
and targeted plans to drive impact, including 
mitigation practices, farmer resources and local 
partnerships. Already, our Mexico agronomy team 
has developed a program to promote the use of a 
native cactus species as a functional field buffer 
that reduces soil loss and the sedimentation of 
nearby water bodies and provides farmers with 
opportunities for additional income. In 2022, 
we expect to continue to hone our mapping 
approach using new data sets as well as to extend 
our approach to our indirect sourcing regions.

Technology is a key enabler of 
sustainable agriculture
From advanced analytics and timely access 
to information, to more resilient seed varieties, 
scaling innovation in agriculture will help enable 
farmers across geographies and cropping 
systems to better adapt to changing markets and 
environments of the future. 

Building digital tools to support in-field 
decisions

Our agronomists use our internal platform 
SmartBarley to help farmers improve productivity 
through data and analytics. In 2020, we 
further improved this platform for our teams 
by integrating platform capabilities with our 
technology partner Sentera. Our partnership 
helps improve farmer advisory through real-time 
analytics and insights on their FieldAgent platform, 
which integrates with field data collected through 
SmartBarley. This tool helps agronomists monitor 
farmers’ fields throughout the season and provide 
timely advice during critical periods. In 2021, a 
historic drought plagued much of the Upper 
Midwest region of the US. Our agronomists used 
satellite imagery in FieldAgent to help detect 
crop stress and recommend farmers’ next steps 
in the face of the drought. With climate change 
and increasingly volatile weather events, this 
information is critical to building resilient supply 
chains in our local growing regions.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     34

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksCircular Packaging

SDGs: 1, 5, 8, 12, 13, 14 | GRI: 301-2, 306-1, 306-2, 306-4

As the world faces increasing resource scarcity, taking a circular approach to packaging and 
improving the materials we use has the potential to deliver long-term financial benefits, provide 
our business with long-term packaging supply security and help eliminate waste. Packaging alone 
is accountable for almost 38.1% of our GHG emissions, further underscoring the importance of this 
commitment to our business and our efforts to address climate change. To achieve our goal, we take 
an approach of reducing packaging and the need for virgin materials where possible, increasing 
recycled content, identifying opportunities to recycle materials and promoting the recovery and 
reuse of packaging in its original form. 

2025 Circular Packaging Goal
100% of our products will be in packaging that is returnable  
or made from majority recycled content by 2025

Progress

36.4%

volume in returnable packaging in 
2021

55.6% 

43.8% 

recycled content in glass

20.0% 

recycled content in cans

recycled content in PET

Recycling supply chains were slow to recover in 2021, and COVID-19 continued to impact 
our packaging mix and collection in many markets. A shortage of recycled content in the 
market necessitated the use of either more virgin materials or materials with lower recycled 
content, resulting in a decrease of the recycled content percentage in some of our packaging 
categories. These events have reinforced for us the importance of circularity and the local 
economy to our business, and in 2021, we worked to develop new local recycling supply chains 
by investing in collection systems and by working with partners to increase local recycling 
capacity. 

     For more information about our 

2025 Circular Packaging Goal >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     35

     For more details on our Circular Packaging progress in 2021 > Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksInnovation is key in developing 
sustainable, circular packaging
We are leveraging our packaging design and brand 
innovation capabilities to rethink our packaging 
and distribution models, working closely with 
our Global Innovation and Technology Center 
in Leuven, Belgium, to assess, develop and 
implement sustainable packaging technologies. 
We have defined clear priorities with our 
development teams as they search for ways to 
reduce (lightweight), reuse, recycle and rethink 
our packaging materials. To help guide this work, 
we have developed and integrated sustainability 
tools to use throughout the different stages of our 
packaging innovation process. One of these tools 
is the Eco-Scorecard, developed jointly with the 
Instituto de Embalagens in Brazil. This tool combines 

Reduction of packaging materials:  
2018 - 2021 (in tons)

4,852

46,654

23,869

10,746

7,186

50

40

30

20

10

0

2018

2019

2020 

2021

Total

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     36

metrics such as reduction of packaging materials, 
country recycling rates, recycled content of the 
packaging and local carbon emissions factors into 
a single scorecard so that we can easily compare 
across different packaging types to guide our 
innovation decisions.

recycled like any other paper. As we look to the 
future, there are many non-wood materials that 
may be suitable for pulping, which can create an 
opportunity for farmers to get more value from 
their fields while removing the pressure on our 
forests. 

Here are a few examples of our packaging 
innovations:

The world’s lightest longneck beer bottle

In June, we announced the development of a 
scalable solution to produce the world’s lightest 
longneck beer bottle. The technology reduces a 
bottle’s weight from 180 to 150 grams, a change that 
cuts CO2e emissions by 17% per bottle. If used on 
a year’s worth of glass production for our brands 
in Europe, it would be the equivalent reduction in 
CO2 emissions as taking 40,000 cars off the road 
annually. 

Developed by our Global Innovation and 
Technology Center team in collaboration with our 
suppliers, the innovation features new coatings and 
state-of-the-art technologies to ensure strength 
and quality. We are now exploring how to roll out 
the new bottle in Europe, initially as one-way bottles. 
The next challenge for our innovation team will be 
to develop technologies to lightweight returnable 
bottles—which have a lower environmental 
footprint due to the bottles being reused several 
times—as these bottles will need to survive many 
cycles. 

Turning barley “leftovers” into sustainable 
packaging

In March, Corona introduced a six-pack carton 
using renewable, recyclable paper made from 
barley straw—a material left over after barley grain 
is harvested for the brewing process. Compared to 
traditional pulping processes, the new technology 
uses 90% less water in its production than the 
traditional virgin wood process, along with less 
energy and fewer harsh chemicals, and it can be 

Investing in local recycling 
systems is a critical enabler to 
scale circular packaging
Whether it is recouping returnable glass bottles 
or enabling recycling of one-way packaging, we 
believe that bringing sustainable, convenient 
solutions for packaging recovery and recycling 
are critical to achieving our circular packaging 
ambitions and building resilient packaging supply 
chains. Here are a few examples of how we are 
working to promote the return of our products for 
reuse or recycling:

Recovering glass bottles to lessen our 
footprint

Approximately 34.6% of our global volume is sold in 
returnable glass bottles, which are nearly five times 
less carbon-intensive when compared to one-way 
bottles. The majority of our bottles can be used up 
to 15 times, and some can be used up to 100 times. 
This year in Mexico, we launched Rebounce, a glass 
bottle recovery project that generates recovery 
chains and rescues glass bottles that are lost in the 
market. In 2021, the initiative recouped more than 
120 million glass bottles. These recovered bottles 
were destined for single-use and instead are being 
refilled with beer for a more sustainable, returnable 
packaging. 

By working with 58 collectors in the country and 
opening eight warehouses where recovered 
bottles are sorted and washed, the initiative creates 
jobs in the local economy.

“Corona is setting a high bar for 
the industry. Their ongoing product 
redesign efforts will progressively 
eliminate the plastic they don’t need, 
and their investment in Mexico Recicla 
goes well beyond what is required 
to address their current plastic 
footprint, the plastic lost to nature. 
We congratulate Corona for reducing 
plastic usage and strengthening 
collection and recycling infrastructure 
in Mexico, without which the vision 
of a circular economy would not be 
possible.”

- Irene Hofmeijer – Senior Managing 
Consultant for Plastics at South Pole

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksLeveraging circular logistics to increase 
recycling of one-way packaging

For packaging that is not returnable—namely 
one-way glass bottles, aluminum cans and 
polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles—we 
are committed to reaching a minimum of 50% 
recycled content. By 2025 we aim to avoid the 
use of more than 1.3 million tons of virgin material 
per year, when compared to a 2017 baseline, 
by increasing the amount of recycled material 
used in our packaging. In Brazil, we are building 
new solutions that leverage our connection with 
retailers, consumers and collectors to bring more 
one-way packaging back into the recycling supply 
chain—improving the availability of recycled 
content available in the market. 

We are piloting programs with retailers where 
we provide recycling collection services to their 
stores and reward them with points for each 
bottle recycled, which can then be redeemed 
through our business-to-business platform 
BEES. To promote recycling with consumers, 
the team is focusing on bringing convenience 

by working with several start-up partners that 
provide collection points near consumers’ homes 
and offer incentives like cash-back benefits or 
redeemable points that can be used for things like 
public transportation, phone credit and electricity 
bills. There are also efforts underway to strengthen 
the ecosystem of recycling cooperatives and 
collectors to help address waste collection in 
certain regions while also fostering community 
development. These initiatives include the 
development of a model cooperative that will be 
used to train others and the implementation of 
digital tools that offer connection to individual 
collectors and provide them greater access to 
financial incentives. 

Brands can build awareness 
and engage consumers 
to think about their own 
packaging choices and 
recycling habits  

In June, Corona became the first global beverage 
brand with a net zero plastic footprint. This 
means the brand recovers more plastic from 
the environment than it releases into the 
world. Achieving this milestone comes after an 
extensive external assessment of Corona’s global 
operations against the 3RI Corporate Plastic 
Stewardship Guidelines by South Pole, a leading 
climate solutions provider. The brand also followed 
the Verra Plastic Waste Reduction Standard to 
calculate the impact of Corona’s mitigation 
activities. 

Corona’s plastic mitigation strategy is holistic, 
first aiming to reduce its plastic usage where 
possible through product redesign efforts and 
then also removing plastic waste from nature. 
To address the plastic that could end up in the 
environment, Corona has made an investment in 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     37

Mexico Recicla, a Mexican recycling facility that 
recovers and recycles hard-to-recycle plastics. 
With this investment in the recycling center and 
its collection campaigns, Corona can physically 
recover an equal amount for every ton of plastic 
the brand uses, going beyond theoretical 
offsetting and plastic crediting. Additionally, 
Corona is redesigning the packaging of some 
of its key products to remove plastic rings in its 
export production.

To further engage stakeholders in this journey, 
Corona launched two programs this year. The 
first is the “Corona Plastic Free Challenge” in 
partnership with our 100+ Accelerator program, 
which engages passionate entrepreneurs from 
across the globe to help Corona find new ideas 
or technologies that can reduce or eliminate 
more plastic from the supply chain. The brand 
also launched the “Plastic Reality,” an augmented 
reality experience that engages consumers on 
having a net zero plastic footprint. The tool allows 
people to see the annual plastic footprint of their 
own homes and invites them to take action on 
reducing their plastic waste. 

Corona has a longstanding commitment to help 
protect the world’s oceans and beaches from 
marine plastic pollution. Since 2017, Corona has 
worked in partnership with the organization Parley 
for the Oceans to protect the world’s oceans 
and beaches from plastic pollution, taking on the 
challenge of protecting more than 100 islands 
through clean-ups, awareness campaigns and 
other initiatives. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksEthics & Transparency 

SDG: 1, 8, 10, 16 | GRI: 102-12, 102-17, 403-1, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7, 403-9, 412-1, 412-2, 412-3, 413-1

The Board of Directors and our leadership team are committed 
to promoting and maintaining the highest standards of ethical 
behavior and transparency. This guides everything that we do as an 
organization and serves as our foundation in creating a future with 
more cheers. We have created Ethics & Compliance Committees at 
local and global levels that are comprised of senior leaders who work 
with the Ethics & Compliance team to steer our programs. 

We have implemented internal codes, standards 
and global policies on a range of ethical issues, 
including anti-bribery and corruption, digital 
ethics, human rights and anti-discrimination. 
These codes, standards and policies are designed 
to guide and support our colleagues and business 
partners. We have also implemented platforms, 
such as the Compliance Channel, which allow 
colleagues to have direct contact with the Ethics 
& Compliance team to ask questions, access 
internal policies, request approvals related 
to certain compliance matters or access the 
Compliance Helpline to file a report. In 2021, 
we received more than 2,000 requests from 
colleagues through the platform.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     38

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksDigital ethics is key to building 
trust with stakeholders
As digital transformation accelerates, we are 
strengthening our digital ethics initiatives to 
manage and protect data across our value chain in 
ways that go beyond data protection compliance. 
As a part of our digital ethics strategy, we have 
created five principle-based rules to simplify 
and disseminate digital ethics and cybersecurity 
awareness: 

•  Collect only necessary data; 

•  Use only as indicated;

•  Protect and secure data; 

•  Keep only what is required; 

•  Be accountable. 

With these principles in mind, we have created 
tailored trainings that reached approximately 
2,000 colleagues across key business functions 
in 2021. 

We are also looking beyond training to encourage 
digital ethics by design. To support our growing 
innovation agenda, we have implemented a 
digital risk management process that provides 
a streamlined and agile way to support our most 
innovative teams. It uses technology to better 
allocate resources and build expertise in products 
where legal support is key to enable agile 
innovation. 

Ethical behavior is our 
foundation for building a 
company to last
Our Code of Business Conduct (COBC) sets out 
the ethical standards to which our colleagues 
around the world are expected to adhere and 
provides governance for interactions with third 
parties. It requires colleagues to comply with all 
laws, to disclose any relevant conflicts of interests, 
to act in the best interests of the company, and 
to conduct all dealings in an honest and ethical 
manner. It covers confidentiality of information, 
limits on gifts and entertainment, and the 
appropriate use of the company’s property. The 
Code of Business Conduct includes the Global 
Anti-Corruption, Human Rights, Digital Ethics, Anti-
Harassment and Anti-Discrimination and Conflict 
of Interest Policies, among others.

We launched new online trainings in 2021 that 
focused on topics such as anti-corruption, 
supply chain ethics, digital ethics, anti-money 
laundering and our COBC. We have structures in 
place, such as the Ethics & Compliance Helpline, 
to allow colleagues and third parties to speak up 
through a global whistleblowing system, which 
allows for concerns to be raised in a simple, 
secure, confidential and, if desired, anonymous 
manner. The Helpline is run by an independent 
company, and it is available 24 hours a day, seven 
days a week anywhere in the world. We monitor 
all complaints, which include discrimination and 
harassment, conflict of interest, fraud and other 
issues, and we investigate these complaints 
thoroughly. 

Additionally, we are working to make the Ethics & 
Compliance Helpline also available for colleagues 
who want to recognize those who have set 
positive examples by living up to the highest 
ethical standards. 

To further strengthen our commitment to 
behaving ethically, we use our award-winning 
compliance data analytics platform BrewRIGHT to 
aggregate, standardize and demonstrate trends 
and patterns to identify, detect and prevent fraud 
and corruption within our operations. 

As BrewRIGHT continues its journey to improve 
platform adoption and proactive risk monitoring 
through machine learning, the program team 
introduced the BrewRIGHT Metrics in late 2020 
to evaluate the effectiveness of the product and 
approximate operating compliance risk across 
several areas. These metrics cover the predicted 
compliance risk, algorithm effectiveness, system 
adoption and return on investment from the 
system. 

BrewRIGHT continues to pave the way in how 
we are using legal technology and analytics to 
drive reputation, insights and intelligence within 
the Legal & Compliance function. BrewRIGHT 
in 2021 has been featured in white papers and 
publications including: 

   World Economic Forum White Paper: The Rise 
and Role of the Chief Integrity Officer: 
Leadership Imperatives in an ESG-Driven World >

   Coalition of Integrity: Using Machine Learning 
for Corruption and Compliance >

   Anti-Corruption Report: Can Companies Work 
Together to Prevent Corruption >

We also created a forum called Compliance 
Open House that brings together the compliance 
community, including government officials and 
industry leaders, to foster open conversations 
on how to increase the use of technology. The 
initiative first started in 2019 and has continued 
with a mix of virtual, in-person and hybrid 
events four to five times a year with an average 
attendance of about 70 people at each event.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     39

     For more information on our 

global policies > 

     For more details on ethics and compliance metrics in 2021 > Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
then reviewed by the Committee, and progress 
is monitored on a quarterly basis. To support our 
leaders in their oversight of human rights issues, 
we worked with Shift, a leading human rights 
organization, to provide training on human rights 
and the expectations of business under the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 

We also worked with partners in 2021 to conduct 
research in our Brazil, Zambia and Uganda 
sourcing regions. The results highlighted the 
interconnections between poverty and low 
incomes with negative human rights impacts 
related to farm safety, the role of children on 
farms and the continued impact of COVID-19 in 
farming communities. We are working to develop 
action plans around the findings. In partnership 
with the Sustainable Food Lab, we created a living 

business and value chain. It brings together 
leaders from our Supply and Procurement, Legal, 
Corporate Affairs, Sustainability, Security and 
People teams and is chaired by our Global Vice 
President for Corporate Affairs. This committee 
structure reflects our belief that human rights 
must be a shared focus across the business and 
should not be the responsibility of one function 
or Zone. 

Understanding human rights impacts 
through due diligence

Through the work of the Human Rights Steering 
Committee in 2021, we improved our visibility into 
the areas where our operations and value chain 
can impact human rights. We conducted a human 
rights risk assessment that helped us identify 
salient human rights issues and analyzed findings 
based on human rights due diligence processes, 
data from our grievance mechanism and input 
from stakeholders, including through NGO and 
union reports and bilateral engagements and 
projects. While we have identified key areas of 
focus that include living income, child labor and 
our sponsorship of global sporting events, we 
continue to work on human rights issues more 
broadly and build effective action plans with 
relevant functions to manage these risks. We will 
continue to engage with external stakeholders to 
improve our risk assessment process.

Building on work done in 2020, our teams in 
Africa focused on strengthening the regional 
governance of human rights issues in 2021. 
Leveraging the Africa Zone Compliance 
Committee, which is made up of Zone function 
leaders and chaired by our Africa Zone President, 
human rights leads are identified in each country 
and are formally appointed by the Committee. 
This seeks to empower country teams with a 
mandate from leadership to champion work on 
human rights issues. Issues and action plans are 

Respecting human rights 
is fundamental to creating 
healthy, thriving communities
We are committed to business practices that 
support and respect human rights and align with 
the UN Global Compact principles. Our approach 
to human rights is based on the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGPs) and is outlined in our Global 
Human Rights Policy, which was created through 
a process of internal and external stakeholder 
engagement and feedback. Our Global Human 
Rights Policy is based on international frameworks 
including the International Labour Organization 
(ILO) fundamental conventions. To cascade the 
principles of our Human Rights Policy throughout 
our value chain, we have developed a Global 
Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible 
Sourcing Principles for Farms. We have further 
embedded respect for human rights and relevant 
principles across our policy landscape through 
the following policies: 

•  Responsible Marketing and Communications 

Code

•  Diversity and Inclusion Policy 

•  Global Anti-Harassment and Anti-Discrimination 

Policy

•  Global Health and Safety Policy

•  Global Whistleblower Policy

Our policies are shared with colleagues through 
internal communications channels, and we have 
created e-learning modules for human rights 
that are a part of our training curriculum for our 
colleagues. Our Responsible Sourcing Policy, 
Responsible Sourcing Principles for Farms and 
Responsible Marketing and Communications 
Code are communicated to our business partners 
during the contracting process and are included 
in our contract clauses. 

In 2021, we created a global cross-functional 
Human Rights Steering Committee to provide 
greater visibility and collaboration on human rights 
topics. The Steering Committee provides strategic 
direction and enhances the level of visibility of 
our progress on human rights throughout the 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     40

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksincome assessment tool for farms and used the 
tool in 2021 to conduct living income research with 
smallholder farmers in our Uganda barley sourcing 
regions.

We ran an implementation pilot of our Social 
Impact in Circular Packaging Framework with 
our teams in Brazil and Mexico, supported by 
Oxfam Business Advisory Service. The aim is to 
identify potential vulnerable groups involved 
in our recycling supply chains, understand the 
issues that they potentially face and create 
impact roadmaps specific to the context of each 
program. 

As part of our sponsorship of the FIFA 2022 World 
Cup in Qatar, we have sought the advice of 
multiple stakeholders, including human rights 
organizations and unions to help align our actions 
with the UNGPs and support FIFA’s efforts to leave 
a positive legacy for workers in Qatar. As a result 

of this engagement, we have introduced human 
rights clauses in our local supplier contracts and 
subcontracted supplier agreements. Each of 
our local suppliers will be subject to screening 
processes, and our own local team is receiving 
special training.

We support the decision by the Qatari authorities 
to introduce labor reforms, in partnership with the 
ILO, that have effectively dismantled the Kafala (or 
sponsorship) system, which restricted workers’ 
ability to leave the country and change employers. 
Labor reforms have included the introduction 
of legislation on labor mobility, minimum wages 
and the establishment of joint worker-employer 
committees. We are also a founding Advisory 
Council member of the Centre for Sport and 
Human Rights, a Geneva-based NGO that is 
working to convene international sponsors, sports 
bodies, UN agencies, NGOs and others to leverage 

a collective voice in support of further progress on 
human rights across the sports sector, including in 
host locations of major events.

In 2021, we also developed and launched a new 
supplier risk management process that integrates 
core risk areas including human rights and 
engaged suppliers representing over 30% of our 
global procurement spend. We understand that 
risks can emerge at any time during a relationship, 
so to improve our visibility of emerging issues 
in our supply chain, we have adopted the use of 
digital tools that monitor our key suppliers and 
flag potential human rights and labor-related 
issues. To support the implementation of our 
new risk management processes, we have 
enhanced our contract clauses around human 
rights, aligning them more closely with the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 
and clarifying our expectations beyond first-tier 
suppliers. We require all suppliers and business 
partners to comply with our Responsible Sourcing 
Policy. 

We take action to provide appropriate and 
effective remedy

When, despite our best efforts and intent, human 
rights issues emerge in our value chain, we are 
committed to taking prompt action to provide 
effective remedy and to reviewing our processes 
to avoid recurrence. Our grievance mechanisms 
and reporting channels are available to all 
colleagues and business partners to raise human 
rights concerns or complaints, which supports 
our ability to identify and investigate potential 
human rights issues and to put in place relevant 
measures. In 2022, we plan to conduct a review 
and enhancement of our grievance mechanism 
to align it more closely with the expectations of 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights. Our Global Whistleblower Policy states 
our commitment to non-retaliation against those 

who raise concerns or complaints through our 
grievance mechanisms and channels. We also 
cooperate in good faith with state-based judicial 
and non-judicial mechanisms, which we believe 
can be an important part of the remedy actions. 

For example, since 2019 our team in India has 
worked in cooperation with the International Union 
of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, 
Tourism, Tobacco and Allied Workers’ Associations 
(IUF) through voluntary participation in a mediation 
process held in compliance with guidelines from 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD). Following the successful 
mediation, an amicable resolution was achieved 
in 2020. During 2021, we continued to implement 
the agreed actions with oversight from an 
independent third party. 

In August 2021, IUF contacted us regarding 
practices that they perceive as anti-union 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     41

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksbehavior in our Latin American operations. We are 
committed to business practices that respect 
human rights and that align with international 
standards of responsible business conduct. We 
take the allegations very seriously, and for this 
reason, we are reviewing and cannot comment 
further until our review is complete.  

In March 2021, we became aware of a government 
inspection carried out at a carrier of our 
distribution supply chain in Brazil, involving 
possible irregularities related to migrant workers’ 
working conditions. Following the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, our 
immediate response was to ensure the safety 
of the people possibly impacted, and we 
have continued to provide support. Due to 
the legal process currently underway, we are 
unable to share further details on the case. We 
created a multi-disciplinary team including 
colleagues from legal, logistics, procurement and 
sustainability to review current processes and 
identify opportunities to enhance our processes 
around human rights in our logistics operations 
in Brazil. This has led to the development and 
implementation of new due diligence approaches 
that leverage digital tools and in-person 
assessments. We have engaged 100% of our 
dedicated distribution suppliers and assessed 
332 vendors through remote screening processes 
and have conducted in-person assessments at 36 
vendors.

Building a culture of health and 
safety is a core value
Building a future with more cheers starts within 
our own operations, which is why the health 
and safety of our colleagues is a core value of 
our company. We are training our colleagues to 
make the right choices for safety at all times, for 
themselves and for others. Whether brewing or 
delivering our products, operating machinery, 
driving for work in any vehicle or commuting, 
safety is important. We work vigorously to achieve 
high standards of health and safety in our offices, 
breweries, facilities and throughout our value 
chain by engaging teams to build an independent 
safety culture through trainings, workshops and 
coaching sessions. Safety metrics are cascaded 
and monitored globally through our supply and 
logistics safety management systems.

We regret to report six occupational fatalities, of 
which one occurred inside a plant, four relate to 
road safety and one was the result of a random 
criminal act against an employee while performing 
work off-site.

We continue to pursue initiatives that 
further integrate safety into every aspect of 
our operations

We are integrating safety into every aspect of 
our operations and developing safety leaders 
throughout all levels of the organization. In 
2021, we updated our Safety Management 
System to put more emphasis on frontline team 
engagement and ownership and have allocated 
resources for a Comprehensive Behavioral Safety 
Culture project to support these initiatives. 
Additionally, we have updated our incident 
reporting system to improve reporting, provide 
for thorough investigations of incidents and share 
lessons learned on the precursors and prevention 
of serious injuries and fatalities. We have also 

Workplace Safety Metrics

2021

2020

2019

2018

Lost Time Injuries (LTIs)

Supply Employees

41Ⓐ

68Ⓐ

98Ⓐ

135Ⓐ

Second-tier logistics/
Sales Employees

127Ⓐ

125Ⓐ

208Ⓐ

318Ⓐ

Contractors (All)

115

110

262

492

Total Recordable Injuries 
(TRIs)

Supply Employees (Own)

241Ⓐ

259Ⓐ

315Ⓐ

415Ⓐ

Contractors (Supply)*

Second-tier logistics/
Sales (Employees + 
Contractors)

Fatalities**

Supply Employees

Second-tier logistics/
Sales Employees

Contractors (All)

109

694

1Ⓐ

3Ⓐ

2Ⓐ

729

1,177

1,116

0Ⓐ

4Ⓐ

3Ⓐ

1Ⓐ

1Ⓐ

5Ⓐ

1Ⓐ

4Ⓐ

9Ⓐ

improved our high-risk prevention programs with 
lessons learned from past injuries and near misses 
as well as the use of new preventive technologies. 

In 2021, we continued integrating the use of 
smart technology to further support a culture of 
safety by piloting AI-driven safety monitoring to 
detect certain safety behaviors in our operations, 
scaling forklift-pedestrian collision prevention 
technologies and fatigue detection in trucks in 
our Middle America and South America Zones. 
We also are leveraging telemetry data to manage 
and correct behavior in our fleets. Further, we are 
working in high-risk areas to reduce the risk of 
violent assault by focusing on efforts like going 
cashless in our tier-two distribution channels, 
active monitoring of all vehicles in high-risk areas 
and implementation of a violence prevention 
toolkit.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     42

Ⓐ Assured metric
Please refer to External Assurance Report on page 94. 

Employees of ZX Ventures, our global investment and 
innovation team (approximately 300 FTE worldwide), are 
not included in the end of year incident data.

* Data only reported as of 2021, as internal controls 
regarding the reporting of supply contractor TRIs (MDI & 
MTI) were not yet sufficiently implemented in prior years, 
resulting in lower data quality and robustness.

** Fatalities data do not include commuting- and 

community-related fatalities as per AB InBev’s reporting 
definitions. The table also does not include road 
fatalities of contractors who are fully managed by the 
contracted firm/company.

Lost Time Injuries (LTIs)  
Occupational injury resulting in more than one-day 
absence from work.

Total Recordable Injuries 
LTIs + modified duty injuries + medical treatment injuries.

Supply Employees 
Brewery and manufacturing facility employees, including 
first-tier logistics.

Second-tier logistics/Sales Employees 
Second-tier logistics, sales, Zone and global corporate 
employees.

Commuting Fatality 
An incident that occurs while coming to work or going 
homes, resulting in a fatality to our employee(s).

Community Fatalities 
Fatalities that occur to people outside of our operation in 
the course of doing business.

   For more details on human rights metrics  in 2021 >   Learn more about our Safety Management System >   For more information on our Road Safety initiatives >Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
more than a one-day absence from work. The 
brewery currently holds the record for the longest 
time without an LTI across all of our breweries 
in North America. Our Environmental Health and 
Safety Manager in the brewery, David Johnson, 
credits a very active Joint Occupational Health 
and Safety Committee, a safety charter and 
hazard identification and mitigation as some of 
the reasons for the lengthy safety record. The 
accomplishment also was recognized by the city 
with a letter from the mayor and the province with 
a statement in the House of Assembly.

South America

In 2021, our Supply team in South America 
developed several initiatives to support the 
implementation of Global and Zone safety 
strategies and to further build a culture of 

safety excellence. This included a Contractor 
Safety Squad, a dedicated team implementing 
agile methodology, focused on improving the 
way the Zone manages the safety of service 
providers and contractors. Their work resulted 
in an approximately 80% decrease in contractor 
recordable injuries when comparing Q4 with 
Q1 reports. Another key initiative is the Safety 
Summer Cup, which is a competition among the 
Zone facilities that focuses on leading safety 
process indicators with the aim of promoting 
individual ownership of safety. The Zone also 
undertook a thorough assessment of their 
safety communication, resulting in a new way 
of connecting to all stakeholders by leveraging 
tools like social media, recognition programs and 
targeted safety campaigns.

Examples of Zone safety initiatives

Asia Pacific

In 2021, 12 of our breweries in China and one 
brewery in Korea received recognition from 
local government safety authorities for excellent 
safety management and results. To improve 
the visibility of safety process indicators and 
empower frontline colleagues, our team in APAC 
kicked off the implementation of a digital safety 
transformation (DST) system that standardizes 
safety management processes, improves 
reporting for process control and facilitates safety 
risk assessments. The DST system generates two 
types of indicators: 1) an individual safety code 
for the employee that provides parameters such 
as safety knowledge, safety monitoring and 
hazard reporting and 2) a risk map that gives an 
indication of the current risk to the individual 

based on the activity they are undertaking as well 
as the equipment and safety procedures that 
should be used in that situation to avoid potential 
hazards. The system rewards colleagues for their 
participation in safety management through 
a system of points and medals. The system 
also features a multi-dimensional dashboard 
that provides visibility to the brewery and the 
broader APAC team of the current on-site safety 
status. This year the DST system collected nearly 
150,000 data points per day in China, helping the 
breweries focus on the opportunities to improve 
safety management.

North America

Our colleagues at the Labatt St. John’s brewery 
in Canada marked a major milestone in October, 
surpassing ten years without a Lost Time Injury 
(LTI), which is an occupational injury resulting in 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     43

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksEntrepreneurship

SDGs: 1, 4, 5 | GRI: 413-1

Small- and medium-sized businesses play a critical role in the economic 
development of communities by generating employment, providing 
vital services and contributing toward innovation. In this regard, beer 
is a formidable engine of economic growth, and we seek to strengthen 
the small businesses in our value chain through our programs with 
smallholder farmers, suppliers, retailers and recycling collectors. 
We know that to sustain our business and build inclusive, thriving 
communities, we have a role to play in supporting their development 
and growth by providing skills training, mentorship, opportunities to 
scale and access to needed resources like digital tools, financing and 
other critical inputs.

The digital transformation of small- 
and medium-sized businesses scales 
impact
Many small- and medium-sized businesses lack access to 
digital capabilities that support productivity and efficiency. 
As a global company with strong local connections, we can 
use our reach to accelerate the digital transformation for the 
small- and medium-sized businesses across our value chain. 

Globally, we work with over six million retailers and  
understand the challenges that many small businesses face 
in accessing financial services, business skills development 
and the inputs needed to maintain and upgrade stores. Our 
business-to-business BEES platform is bringing the power 
of digital to small- and medium-sized retailers.  Today, there 
are more than 2.5 million active users across 16 countries 
using BEES every month, and the impact of the platform goes 
beyond business development, providing support to the 
communities BEES serves. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     44

     For more details on our Entrepreneurship progress in 2021 > Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksTo expand the reach and impact of the BEES 
platform, we have also created the program 
BEES Together, which aims to create sustainable 
growth through digital inclusion, empower our 
customers and promote digital and financial 
literacy.  In the Dominican Republic, the Mi Negocio 
program has provided over 30,000 customers 
with access to business leadership tutorials 
through the BEES platform in the form of videos, 
podcasts and articles written by industry experts. 
In Colombia, our Emprendedoras program, aimed 
at empowering women, has helped  support 
more than 25,000 women since 2017 and is now 
partnering with BEES to continue training these 
women on how to improve their businesses. 
In Brazil, our social impact business program 
Diverssa fosters entrepreneurship among 
women through learning sessions that promote 
digital education content and open dialogue with 
women retailers. Going forward, BEES Together 
will work with many value streams across BEES to 
integrate social impact into the platform’s core 

offerings with the launch of three pillars—BEE Bold, 
BEE Good, BEE Invested—that build upon existing 
initiatives and leverage our relationship with 
retailers. 

BEES Together is also working with retailers to 
help support the local communities in which they 
serve. In December, BEES Together partnered 
with a local Brazilian NGO called Fome de Ação 
to deliver food baskets in the northeast region of 
Brazil. During the campaign, every retailer in Brazil 
had the opportunity to redeem their rewards 
points, earned by completing purchases and 
challenges in the BEES app, in exchange for a 
product to then donate to an eligible family in the 
region. Through this campaign, more than 6,300 
families received food baskets to make Christmas 
dinner. 

     Learn more about our BEES platform >

  Learn more about how we are 
supporting small business with digital 
solutions > 

BEES  
Together

BEE Invested 

BEE Bold

BEE Good

Providing opportunities 
for digital inclusion, 
education and 
incentives that help 
businesses grow

Implementing 
educational programs 
focused on female 
entrepreneurship in 
vulnerable communities

Harnessing the power 
of technology to foster 
community growth 
through e-commerce

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     45

Empowering women 
entrepreneurs is good for 
communities and for business
We are working to empower women 
entrepreneurs across our value chain. Women play 
a vital role in driving local economic development, 
and yet, in many communities across the globe, 
they lack access to the training, tools and finance 
needed to grow their businesses. 

In Mexico, we are providing ongoing support and 
resources to retail owners of Modeloramas—
small, family-run stores with strong connections 
to their neighborhoods and communities. 
Modelorama owners receive marketing support, 
priority access to popular products, preferred 
pricing and cold beers from subzero coolers. We 
also help owners grow their businesses through 
training and coaching. For example, the local team 
is partnering with Z-Tech, our technology and 
innovation hub, to offer credit lines, as well as loans 
for women applying to open a new Modelorama. 

After seeing the success of this women-led 
franchise model in Mexico, we adopted a similar 
approach in Bolivia with TiendasYa!—a retail chain 
backed by ZX Ventures and supported with our 
direct-to-consumer e-commerce solutions. 
Through a joint initiative with TiendasYa!, our 
local beer brand Paceña and the Pro Mujer IFD 
Foundation, the initiative is creating a pathway for 
women to become financially independent. As 
part of the initiative, the Pro Mujer IFD Foundation, 
with financial support from our local brand 
Paceña, offers store owners single signature loans, 
access to credit and personalized help from 
expert advisors in microfinance. Now with more 
than 100 stores in five states, the goal is to have 
60% of TiendasYa! stores in Bolivia operated by 
women by the end of 2022. 

In Peru, we developed “Escuela Tienda Cerca” 
(ETC), a virtual training platform for small retailers 
to strengthen their management, leadership 
and sales skills to help adapt their businesses 
to the COVID-19 pandemic. Within the ETC 
platform, entrepreneurs can access educational 
videos and live online trainings through Zoom 
and YouTube. These trainings cover topics like 
finance, digitalization, biosecurity, sales strategy, 
responsible sales and waste management. In 2021, 
we trained over 6,000 small retailers, of which 
more than 4,300 were women, accumulating more 
than 12,000 hours of training and reaching 12 cities.

women retailers >

     For more details on our work with 
     For more details on our work with 

women farmers > 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks   
Our 100+ Accelerator: Identifying and 
partnering with start-ups creating a 
more sustainable future today
Creating a future with more cheers requires 
innovation and collaboration. We launched 
the 100+ Accelerator program in 2018 to 
collaborate with entrepreneurs, innovators, 
engineers and scientists on some of the 
world’s most pressing challenges. In early 
2021, we welcomed The Coca-Cola Company, 
Colgate-Palmolive Company and Unilever as 
official program sponsors to help identify key 
shared sustainability challenges and to scale 
breakthrough technologies. In September 
2021, we announced our third cohort with 35 
start-ups that will be implementing solutions in 
over 20 countries. Seventeen of the start-ups 
are women-founded, and ten are joint pilots 
with our corporate partners. Collectively, 
the 100+ Accelerator and its start-ups are 
contributing to each of the 17 UN SDGs.

     Learn more about the 100+ 

Accelerator third cohort >

“The 100+ Accelerator played a 
transformational role in our technology 
validation and business trajectory. By 
unlocking an opportunity to pilot our solution 
with a company like AB InBev, we were able 
to build a more compatible and sustainable 
solution to existing value chains. Our plant-
powered alternatives to plastics will be 
launching for the first time with AB InBev 
and have since sparked additional interest 
from more than 50 other CPGs, brands and 
manufacturers globally. Thanks to the 100+ 
Accelerator, we are now one step closer to 
making all single-use plastics plant powered 
for our planet.”

- Nuha Siddiqui – CEO, Erthos

Capacity building and market 
linkages help sustain growth
Small businesses can sometimes struggle to 
access and operate in global value chains. By 
leveraging our scale, internal expertise and local 
connection, we can support the development of 
small- and medium-sized businesses to become 
long-term partners. 

Strengthening markets for local crops

Our Smart Affordability strategy focuses on local 
sourcing to produce our beers with alternative 
starch sources. In countries across Africa and 
Latin America, we are creating formal markets 
and new sources of income for crops like cassava 
and sorghum that have historically been grown as 
subsistence crops. 

In Brazil, Ambev joined with community 
organizations and governments in 2018 to build 
local farm networks in four states suffering 
from high unemployment. The project has 
injected more than 1.25 million USD into the local 
economy and is creating jobs and improving local 
agriculture. Thousands of workers now help grow 
cassava, a tuberous root native to the area, for four 
beer brands, each brewed and sold by Ambev 
within its respective state. The Nossa beer brand is 
made in Pernambuco, Legítima in Ceará, Magnífica 
in Maranhão and Esmera in Goiás. 

Our team in Colombia launched the brand Nativa 
in 2021, Bavaria’s first beer made with cassava 
grown along the country’s Caribbean Coast 
by farmers from the departments of Córdoba 
and Sucre. Its production connects small- and 
medium-sized cassava farmers to the region’s 
local value chain. In its first year, the project 
reached more than 200 farmers and is expected 
to expand across Córdoba and Sucre over the 
next two years. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     46

are provided through an online virtual academy 
that covers financial management, marketing, 
human resource management and operational 
leadership. In 2021, 315 suppliers graduated from 
the program. The team also hosted a series of 
in-depth webinars, as part of its Seminar PyME-nar 
initiative, to 1,150 people, offering deeper insights 
and support to suppliers. 

In addition to providing support to suppliers, the 
team also looks to engage potential suppliers in 
the communities where we operate. In 2021, two 
supplier events were hosted at our Zacatecas and 
Hidalgo breweries to introduce new suppliers to 
our company and to give our procurement teams 
an opportunity to learn more about the products 
and services offered locally. In Hidalgo, the event 
was held with support by the local government. 

In Ecuador, our team at Cervecería Nacional 
continued to improve the production of 
local crops through Siembra por Contrato, a 
program launched in 2020 through the brand 
Nuestra Siembra and supported by the national 
government. The program connects barley, 
rice and corn farmers with training, technology 
and access to credit for inputs to grow quality 
crops for local beer production. In 2021, our team 
delivered new machinery to barley farmers to help 
improve productivity and profitability. So far, the 
program has reached 11 provinces.  

For more information on our work with smallholder 
farmers, please see the Sustainable Agriculture 
section on pages 31–34 of this report.

Supporting growth of local suppliers

We have designed supplier development 
programs to support large, medium and small 
businesses in our supply chain. These programs 
have been adapted to the local context and 
needs, leveraging the tools we use in our 
own operations to support improvements in 
productivity and efficiency at scale. 

In Mexico, our team has created a supplier 
development platform that is centered around 
providing skills training and knowledge sharing, 
supporting growth and development and 
strengthening supplier relationships. The modules 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksDiversity & Inclusion

SDGs: 5, 10 | GRI: 102-8, 404-2, 405-1, 405-2

Our company must be an inclusive and diverse workplace 
where everyone feels they belong regardless of their personal 
characteristics or social identities. Our greatest strength is our 
people, and we support the opportunity for every individual to 
excel. We work to continue fostering an inclusive workplace so that 
everyone can succeed in our business. 

To deliver on our firm and unwavering 
commitment to meritocracy, an equitable, diverse 
and inclusive culture is essential. Our D&I strategy 
focuses on creating a future with more cheers 
through our people, workplace, marketplace, 
value chain and communities, because a diverse 
company is critical to connecting with consumers 
and driving business performance and innovation.

We are proud to report that we 
saw a 1pp increase (87%) from 
2020 in the D&I Index of our annual 
employee engagement survey. 

Overall, we saw a 4pp increase 
(88%) in our Employee 
Engagement Index from 2020 with 
a 94% participation rate globally

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     47

     For more details on our D&I progress in 2021 >Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSelect demographic metrics

Number of nationalities represented in our 
overall workforce

Number of nationalities represented in our 
global headquarters

Percent of women in our overall workforce

Percent of women in our salaried workforce 

Percent of women among our top five 
leadership levels 

Percent of women among our top three 
leadership levels

Percent change in D&I index in annual 
employee engagement survey

2021

125

64

21%

34%

26%

14%

1pp

2020

2019

2018

121

54

19%

32%

24%

14%

2pp

123

55

19%

31%

22%

12%

0pp

122

54

18%

30%

20%

11%

1pp

2017

122

48

18%

30%

19%

10%

NA

Global Management Trainee 
(GMT) Program

Global MBA (GMBA) Program

GMT % Female

Total

Active

2021

58%

58%

2020

52%

51%

2019

45%

46%

2018

47%

49%

GMBA % Female

Total

Active

2021

54%

54%

2020

52%

48%

2019

38%

36%

2018

52%

67%

GMT 
# Nationalities

Total

Active

2021

2020

2019

2018

GMBA 
# Nationalities

2021

2020

2019

2018

34

34

29

27

35

30

34

30

Total

Active

10

10

11

11

10

9

11

5

   Learn more about our GMT Program >

   Learn more about our GMBA Program >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     48

We strive to be an inclusive 
workplace with equal 
opportunity
Everyone at our company should feel comfortable, 
confident and respected to bring their authentic 
selves to work every day. Toward that end, in 2021, 
our Middle America and South America Zones 
updated their benefits to support transgender 
colleagues through name changes.

We are working to champion Diversity & Inclusion 
initiatives at the highest levels of our organization. 
As a company of owners, we are all responsible 
for D&I. It must be embedded in how we think, 
behave and operate, starting from the top. One 
example is our work with our leadership teams. 
After launching our Global Diversity and Inclusion 
Council in 2020, we welcomed three new 
members in 2021, and we continue to collaborate 
with leadership on high-impact D&I decisions and 
initiatives. To build a more inclusive workplace, 
in 2021 we trained over 9,800 colleagues in bias 
breaking for online performance review and 
trained 2,475 leaders in psychological safety.

We launched individual D&I dashboards for all 
members of our Senior Leadership Team and 
colleagues in senior positions to track progress 
and ensure transparency on their own teams, as 
well as a D&I dashboard for our People teams to 
track overall performance. In addition, our Middle 
America Zone added 250 team members to MAZ 
Champions, a program for D&I allies that actively 
contributes to strengthening and living the vision 
of an inclusive company, sharing best practices 
and helping to cascade D&I strategies to our 
teams in the Zone. Their achievements include 
the Women at the Wheel Program, which provides 
specialized training for women in both technical 
and leadership skills as a means to improve 
gender representation in the logistics operational 
levels. 

Our team in Europe also has a community of 
200 colleagues that have signed up as D&I 
Ambassadors to help make our company a better 
and more inclusive place to work. Achievements 
include establishing a partnership with LGBTQ+ 
rights charity Stonewall in the UK as well as 
activations and campaigns that have led to a four-
point increase in the D&I index within the business 
unit.

In 2021, we kicked off our second cohort of 
our Women’s Leadership Program, investing 
in 50 women leaders to join an immersive, 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Going beyond our own teams, learn how 
we are empowering women throughout our 
value chain

  In the field >

   Behind the wheel >

   At our favorite neighborhood stores >

the United States annually. Looking at both gender 
(women compared to men) and race (minorities 
compared to non-minorities) and adjusting for 
variables such as time in position and location, 
we found no statistically significant differences in 
compensation. We are proud of these results and 
continue to expand this assessment globally.

To celebrate and support our women colleagues, 
we hosted a series of events in 2021, including a 
global celebration of International Women’s Day in 
March and a Women Who Brew event in our APAC 
Zone that was attended by over 400 people. 

We believe in supporting our colleagues through 
important life events. It is good for our business 
in the long term and for our people and their 
families around the world. In addition to our Global 

Parental Policy that was launched in 2018, our 
Europe and Africa Zones updated their parental 
leave and return-to-work policies in 2021 to 
empower new parents. Globally, we ran a survey 
on working parents to gather deeper insights 
into the needs of this group. We offer support 
for our colleagues who are new parents through 
programs such as BetterUp, a mobile, personalized 
coaching platform that offers one-on-one 
personalized coaching and access to specialists 
to provide support for topics such as work-life 
balance and stress management.
We are using the power of our 
brands to inspire change
In the US, Michelob ULTRA is drawing attention 
to the inequity of women’s sports. Our brand 
committed to investing 100 million USD over the 
next five years, allocating 50% of the brand’s 
lifestyle media toward women’s sports and adding 
to its roster of female athletes and influencers to 
increase visibility for women’s sports.

In Argentina, our Quilmes beer brand helped 
shine a light on the power of women’s soccer by 
questioning the timing of a key women’s match, 
which was scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon. 
Quilmes bought two hours on TNT sports to 
broadcast the game in prime time, which resulted 
in the highest rating in women’s football in history.

personalized program. It aims to enhance 
leadership capabilities, increase readiness for 
crucial leadership roles and equip participants 
with the capabilities needed to drive future 
growth. This program comprises individualized 
executive coaching and digital experiences to 
help drive development and foster connection 
and collaboration between female peers.

We also started our first Global Inclusive 
Leadership Program for 80 colleagues at the Vice 
President level. This program is designed to raise 
awareness of the strategic importance of D&I at 
our company and to assess and develop leaders’ 
inclusive leadership capability. It comprises six 
reinforcing stages, from alignment to activation, 
assessment, development, calibration and 
reinforcement, to help drive real impact in the 
career outcomes of our executive leaders.

Both the Women’s Leadership Program and the 
Inclusive Leadership Program are key elements 
of a broader Global D&I Curriculum, designed 
in 2021 with the aim to advance D&I through the 
development of a consistent platform and to 
build capabilities for leaders to foster and sustain 
behavior change.

We continue to empower women by working to 
diversify our next generation of global leaders 
through the demographics of our Global 
Management Trainee (GMT) program and Global 
MBA (GMBA) program. In 2021, our GMT class 
was made up of 58% women, 42% men and 32 
nationalities. Our 2021 GMBA class was made 
up of 54% women, 46% men and 10 different 
nationalities.

We believe in equal pay for equal work. We 
continue to work with an independent third party 
to conduct a comprehensive pay equity review in 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     49

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksGovernance 
and stakeholder 
engagement

51 

56 

ESG oversight >

 Materiality assessment 
and stakeholder 
engagement  >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     50

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG oversight

 GRI: 102-18, 102-19, 102-20, 102-24, 102-26, 102-29, 102-35, 103-3

Our ESG Governance Framework

Board of Directors

As the company’s ultimate decision-making body, the Board has oversight of all ESG  
responsibilities, including approval of ESG strategies and review of ESG performance

Nomination Committee

Audit Committee

Deals with corporate governance matters, including D&I, as part of its role on 
nomination and retention of Directors and executives

Deals with environmental and social matters, including human rights and 
Smart Drinking, as part of its overall audit function

Finance Committee

Remuneration Committee

Deals with safety, quality and sustainability matters as part of its assessment of 
funding requirements, financial risk, supply security and sourcing strategies

Deals with remuneration policies and packages, including target setting, as 
part of its role on remuneration and retention of Directors and executives

Chief Executive Officer, assisted by the Executive Committee

Responsible for execution and management of all ESG matters 

Senior Leadership Team

Global Function Leads (“Chiefs”)

Responsible for driving the global agenda for  
ESG matters relevant to their business function

Zone Presidents

Responsible for driving the zone  
agenda for all relevant ESG matters 

ESG Champions and Target Owners

Embedded across the business and responsible for coordination, implementation  
and reporting of ESG matters and initiatives relevant to business function and/or zone

Remuneration linked to ESG 
targets
ESG-related targets tied to annual variable 
performance-related compensation (bonus) are 
cascaded from the highest level of our company 
to all business and operating units. In 2021, over 
3,000 colleagues across different zones and 
functions carried annual performance targets 
linked to delivering our ESG strategy, including 
our Chief Sustainability Officer, Chief Legal & 
Corporate Affairs Officer, Chief Supply Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer and Chief People Officer.

Internal ESG Committees 
To manage ESG topics that span across several 
business functions, we have established 
internal committees to provide visibility and 
accountability and foster collaboration and best 
practice sharing between business functions as 
well as between zone teams. These committees 
include the D&I Council, Sustainability Council, 
Human Rights Steering Committee and Global 
Smart Drinking Community of Practice. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     51

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksExternal advisors

Sustainability

We consult regularly with an independent, external 
group of experts as environmental advisors who 
focus on water and agricultural sustainability. 
These advisors bring a diverse perspective 
and advise on decision-making, target setting 
and program strategies and implementation of 
our Water Stewardship and Smart Agriculture 
programs. Current members include:

•  Stuart Orr 

Practice Lead, Freshwater – WWF

•  Andrea Erickson-Quiroz 

Deputy Director for Food & Water and 
Global Lead for Water Security – The Nature 
Conservancy

•  Elizabeth Reaves 

Senior Program Director, Agriculture & 
Environment – Sustainable Food Lab

•  Will Sarni 

Founder and CEO – Water Foundry and the 
Colorado River Basin Fund

Internal management systems 

Operations management systems: Voyager 
Plant Optimization and Distribution Process 
Optimization

AB InBev has developed and implemented 
comprehensive management systems for our 
operations worldwide, including agricultural and 
packaging material production facilities, beverage 
production sites and distribution centers: 
Voyager Plant Optimization (VPO, applicable to 
agricultural, packaging and beverage operations) 
and Distribution Process Optimization (DPO, 
applicable to Tier 2 wholly owned distribution 
centers). Both systems include policies, standards, 
good operating practices and ways of working 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     52

that cover all aspects of our supply chain 
operations, including safety, product quality, 
environment and human resource requirements, 
among others. VPO and DPO were developed by 
benchmarking management philosophies and 
ways of working across multiple industries and 
have continuously evolved and improved since 
their inception to drive performance, adapt to 
changing business needs and provide visibility 
and accountability across our global operations.

All requirements within VPO and DPO meet 
or exceed the relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements where we operate, while also 
meeting or exceeding internationally recognized 
certification program standards, such as The 
International Organization for Standardization 
(ISO), British Retail Consortium (BRC) and Global 
Food Safety Index (GFSI). Under VPO and DPO, 
all AB InBev supply chain facilities have annual 
targets related to how well they execute the VPO 
and DPO management systems to achieve their 
performance objectives across all aspects of the 
operation. Facilities are audited by internal teams 
a minimum of once per year to ensure adherence 
and continuously benchmark across sites for 
further improvements to the systems. 

The VPO and DPO management systems provide 
for consistent management of key topics across 
our global operations. Below is an overview of the 
pillars within these systems to manage safety, 
product quality, environment and people. 

Safety

The health and safety of our colleagues is a key 
value. AB InBev strives to create a positive safety 
culture where every employee has responsibility 
for their own safety, while the company holds 
itself accountable for providing a safe work 
environment. We developed and execute our 
safety programs as a part of our VPO and DPO 
management systems. These programs are 

applicable to all of our supply chain facilities 
worldwide, including agricultural and packaging 
material production facilities, beverage 
production sites and wholly owned distribution 
centers. 

own colleagues, and we manage compliance to 
our VPO and DPO safety management systems 
through a comprehensive auditing process. The 
systems are continuously improved as we strive to 
achieve our dream of zero injuries globally.

The VPO and DPO safety systems were developed 
by benchmarking internally and across multiple 
industries, while also leveraging internationally 
accepted safety standards like ISO 45001. Our 
VPO and DPO safety management systems meet 
or exceed local, regional and national regulatory 
requirements and, in most cases, meet or exceed 
ISO requirements. All visitors and contractors must 
adhere to the same safety requirements as our 

Product quality

Our passion for beer transfers to our 
uncompromising commitment to quality and a 
quality culture embraced from the facility floor 
through the boardroom. We developed and 
execute our quality management system as a part 
of our VPO and DPO management systems. These 
programs are applicable to all of our supply chain 
facilities worldwide, including agricultural and 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworkspackaging material production facilities, beverage 
production sites and wholly owned distribution 
centers. 

The VPO and DPO quality systems were developed 
from over 150 years of quality experience and best 
practices, while also leveraging internationally 
accepted quality and global food safety 
standards like ISO 9001 and GFSI. We have adopted 
strict food safety standards into VPO and DPO so 
that our breweries and facilities are food safety 
certified or certification ready, as assessed by 
external auditors. We extend these standards to 
our suppliers as well. 

We track and monitor product quality through 
key performance indicators (KPIs) like consumer 
feedback so that our consumers enjoy fresh, 
great-tasting beers. Compliance with VPO 
and DPO quality requirements is validated 
through a comprehensive auditing program 
and our continuous improvement on quality 
KPIs. If consumers should have any questions, 
compliments, comments or issues, they may call 
our toll-free customer service number printed 
on our packaging and speak to a company 
representative. 

People

“Our greatest strength is our people.” This is one 
of our 10 guiding principles we operate by as a 
company. In support of this principle, we have 
developed and implemented a comprehensive 
“People Pillar” as part of our VPO and DPO 
management systems that is applicable to all 
functions across our business and that guides our 
ways of working. 

The People Pillar encompasses all aspects 
of human resources management, including 
organizational design, recruitment and selection, 
compensation, learning and development, work 
environment, engagement, talent retention and 
career development. This pillar was developed 
through extensive benchmarking efforts across a 
variety of industries and Fortune 500 companies, 
as well as through partnerships with consultants 
recognized for their subject matter expertise on 
human capital topics. 

Compliance with the People Pillar is validated 
through a comprehensive auditing process. We 
work to continuously improve this system as we 
strive to be a company of owners who recruit, 
develop and retain people who can be better than 
ourselves. 

Environment

Brewing great beers depends on a resilient 
natural environment and thriving communities. 
We are proud of our unwavering commitment 
to environmental stewardship. Aligned with 
that commitment, we have developed and 
implemented a comprehensive environmental 
management system as a part of our VPO and 
DPO management systems. These systems are 
used in all of our supply chain facilities worldwide, 
including agricultural and packaging material 
production facilities, beverage production sites 
and wholly owned distribution centers. 

The VPO and DPO environmental management 
systems were developed through internal 
and industry benchmarking and by leveraging 
internationally accepted standards like ISO 45001. 
Our VPO and DPO environmental management 
systems meet or exceed local, regional and 
national regulatory requirements and, in most 
cases, meet or exceed ISO requirements. 
These systems have been key enablers for our 
significant reductions to date in water and energy 
usage and greenhouse gas emissions and have 
guided our continued efforts to preserve and 
protect the environment in and around the 
communities where we live and work. All visitors 
and contractors at our facilities must adhere to 
the same environmental requirements as our 
own colleagues, and we manage compliance to 
our VPO and DPO environmental management 
systems through a comprehensive auditing 
process. These systems are continuously 
updated and improved as we work to improve our 
performance and achieve our 2025 Sustainability 
Goals.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     53

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksAwards & Recognitions
We are proud to have our ESG efforts recognized 
by leading rating and rankings agencies and 
awards organizations.

CDP:

Forbes:

UN Global Compact:

Made CDP’s 2021 Water A List, earned an A- for 
our CDP Climate Change response and were 
celebrated as a 2021 CDP Supplier Engagement 
Leader, ranked among the top 8% assessed for 
supplier engagement on climate change

Identified as a company leading the way when 
it comes to trying to support women inside 
and outside their workforces in the inaugural 
ranking of the Forbes World’s Top Female Friendly 
Companies in 2021

Recognized as a 2021 Global Compact LEAD 
participant for demonstrating ongoing 
commitment to the UN Global Compact 
Principles for responsible business and the 
SDGs

MSCI:

FTSE4Good:

Rated AA by MSCI ESG Research in 2021 for our 
performance on ESG issues

Listed in the FTSE4Good Index Series, which 
is designed to measure the performance 
of companies demonstrating strong ESG 
practices 

Brave Blue World Lighthouse Awards:

Recognized with a Lighthouse Award from 
the Brave Blue World Foundation for our Water 
Stewardship initiative focused on restoring 
ancestral water channels in Peru

Cannes Lions:

Michelob ULTRA Pure Gold took home a 
prestigious Titanium Lion at the 2021 Cannes 
Lions Awards for its Contract for Change 
campaign, while four Smart Drinking campaigns 
won, including Aguila’s Live Responsible and 
Brazil’s Responsible Billboards

Reuters Events Responsible Business 
Awards:

Selected as winners in two award categories in 
the 2021 Reuters Events Responsible Business 
Awards: the Circular Transition Award for the 
pioneering work of EverGrain and the Social 
Impact Award for our partnership with BanQu 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     54

Other Corporate Governance 
Initiatives
The Board of Directors and our leadership team 
are committed to promoting and maintaining 
the highest standards of ethical behavior and 
transparency. This guides everything that we do 
as an organization and serves as our foundation 
in creating a future with more cheers. For more 
information on the internal codes, standards and 
global policies we have implemented to address 
a range of ethical issues, please see the Ethics & 
Transparency section on page 38 of this report.

Demonstrating commitment to shareholder 
communication

AB InBev is committed to creating value for 
its shareholders. The company encourages 
its shareholders to take an active interest in 
the company. In support of this objective, 
it provides quality information, in a timely 
fashion, through a variety of communication 
tools. These include annual reports, half-yearly 
reports, quarterly statements, financial results 
announcements, briefings and a section that is 
dedicated to investors on the AB InBev website 
(www.ab-inbev.com/investors.html). 

AB InBev recognizes that a commitment to 
disclosure builds trust and confidence with 
shareholders and the public in general. The 
company adopted a Disclosure Manual to 
demonstrate its commitment to best practices in 
transparency. This manual is designed to ensure 
that there is full, consistent and timely disclosure 
of company activities.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksgatherings in place in Belgium at the time, the 
annual shareholders’ meeting held on 28 April 
2021, by exception, took place without physical 
attendance of shareholders. Shareholders were 
offered the possibility to submit questions in 
writing and to participate by mail in advance 
of the meeting or by giving a proxy to a person 
designated by the company. The meeting was 
recorded and an audiocast is accessible on our 
corporate website.

The convening notice for the upcoming annual 
shareholders’ meeting to be held on 27 April 
2022 will be published on 25 March 2022 and will 
contain further information on the format of the 
meeting and modalities for participation. In light of 
the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, the company 
will be guided by health and safety concerns and 
the measures and recommendations made by 
public authorities in Europe and Belgium.

Complying with our Code of Dealing

The company’s Code of Dealing is applicable 
to all members of the Board of Directors and to 
all our colleagues. The Code of Dealing aims to 
prevent the abuse of inside information, especially 
in periods leading up to price-sensitive events or 
decisions or announcement of financial results.

The Code of Dealing prohibits dealing in the 
company’s securities during any closed period 
(e.g. a period of 30 days preceding any results). 
announcement of the company. In addition, 
before dealing in any securities of the company, 
members of the Board of Directors and members 
of senior management must obtain clearance 
from a Clearance Committee. 

Compliance with the Code of Dealing is 
reinforced and monitored through the company’s 
Compliance Program. 

In accordance with EU Regulation 596/2014 on 
market abuse (MAR), the company establishes 

lists of insiders when required. In addition, 
pursuant to the same regulation, (i) members 
of the Executive Committee (ExCom) and (ii) 
members of the Board of Directors notify their 
trades (above a 5,000 Euro yearly threshold) to the 
company and to the Belgian Financial Services and 
Markets Authority (FSMA), which publishes these 
notifications on its website.

Diversity & inclusion in leadership

We believe that a diverse team improves the 
quality of decision-making and ultimately 
improves overall performance. Diversity and 
inclusion is a global priority for our leadership 
team, as they are important enablers of the 
success of the company and its people. For more 
information on how we are championing D&I 
across the company and our value chain, please 
see pages 47–49 of this report. 

We are proud to have 30 nationalities represented 
on the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) and the 
senior management level below. Two out of 18 
members on the SLT are women (compared to 
one out of 18 last year). The representation of 
women in the senior management level below 
the SLT has remained constant compared to last 
year. We continue to work to promote all aspects 
of diversity in our senior management team, 
with a focus on building a diverse talent pipeline, 
considering the respective skills, education, 
experience and background. 

The process for nominating and selecting 
candidates for the Board of Directors is described 
in the Corporate Governance Charter of 
Anheuser-Busch InBev. We aim to have a balanced 
and diverse Board primarily considering, among 
other things, the respective skills, education, 
experience and background. Currently, five out of 
our 15 Board members are women (same ratio as 
last year). 

Anheuser-Busch InBev is a company 
incorporated under Belgian law with a primary 
listing on Euronext Brussels (Euronext: ABI) 
and with secondary listings on the Mexico 
Stock Exchange (MEXBOL: ANB) and the 
Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE: ANH) 
(ISIN: BE0974293251) and with American 
Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) listed on the 
New York Stock Exchange. As a Belgian 
company with primary listing on Euronext 
Brussels, Anheuser-Busch InBev adheres 
to the principles and provisions of the 
2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code 
(www.corporategovernancecommittee.be) 
(“the Corporate Governance Code”), 
taking into account its specific status as a 
multinational group with secondary listings 

in Mexico and Johannesburg and with ADSs 
listed in New York.

The corporate governance practices of 
Anheuser-Busch InBev are described in our 
Corporate Governance Charter. The charter is 
regularly updated.

For further information relating to our 
corporate governance, including Board 
and Board Committee composition, 
responsibilities and practices, shareholder 
rights and our remuneration policy and 
practices, please see the Corporate 
Governance Statement in the 2021 Annual 
Report and the GRI table on page 71 of this 
report. 

  Our Corporate Governance Charter >

Upholding shareholder rights

Prior to the annual shareholders’ meeting, 
shareholders are invited to submit any questions 
they have for the Chairman or the CEO for 
discussion during the meeting.

The agenda for the shareholders’ meeting and 
all related documents are also posted on the 
AB InBev website at least 30 days in advance 
of any shareholders’ meeting. Shareholders 
have the right to vote on various resolutions 
related to company matters. If they are unable 
to attend a meeting, they can submit their 
votes by mail or appoint a proxy. Minutes of the 
meetings and results of the votes are posted on 
the AB InBev website shortly after the meeting 
(www.ab-inbev.com/investors/corporate-
governance/shareholder-meetings.html).

In light of the measures and recommendations 
of public authorities relating to the COVID-
19 pandemic and the restrictions on public 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     55

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksMateriality assessment and 
stakeholder engagement

GRI: 102-13, 102-29, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44, 102-47

In 2017, we formally engaged stakeholders through our materiality review process, and the 
results informed our 2025 Sustainability Goals. Since our 2017 assessment, our business 
and the world have evolved tremendously. Therefore, in early 2020 we conducted a new 
materiality assessment to reflect the aspects most material to our stakeholders in order to 
continue to focus on critical economic, social and environmental issues as a business and 
community partner.

Materiality assessment
In 2020, the materiality assessment process 
mapped key economic, social and environmental 
issues on a matrix based on the degree of 
stakeholder interest and potential business 
impact. External stakeholders include civil 
society/non-governmental organizations (NGOs), 
customers (retailers) and consumers, regulators, 
business partners, suppliers and investors.

This matrix to the right illustrates the view of 
internal and external stakeholders interviewed, 
with the rankings helping to inform the evolution 
of our sustainability and responsibility strategy. 
It is important to highlight that we do not view 
these issues in isolation, as in many cases they are 
interconnected.

We will conduct a new materiality assessment 
every few years. In the meantime, though, we 
continuously engage stakeholders through 
various channels to stay informed about existing 
and emerging topics most material to our 
business and to continue evolving our approach 
with the support of external expertise, industry 
best practice and feedback. The infographic on 
the following page gives an overview of how we 
engage key stakeholders throughout the year. 

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
s

l

a
n
r
e
t
x
e
o
t
e
c
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     56

Employees

Environment

Governance

Products
and services

Society

Supply chain

GHG Emissions & Energy Use

Circular Economy

Human Rights & 
Fair Labor Practices

Responsible Marketing
& Consumer Education

Sustainable Packaging

Sustainable Agriculture

Diversity & Inclusion

Smart Drinking/Responsible
Consumption

Responsible 
Sourcing

Taxation

Supply Chain 
Resilience

Community 
& Economic
Development

Ethical Behavior
&  Governance

Product Quality, Ingredients & Transparency

RE100

Public Policy
& Advocacy

Biodiversity & Ecosystems

Living Wage

Supply Chain Visibility

Data Security & Privacy

Health, Safety 
& Well-being

Land & Food Security

Supplier Capability

Employee 
Compensation
& Benefits

Employee Engagement

Talent Recruitment & Retention

Importance to AB InBev´s business success

Associations and 
memberships 
To strengthen our collaborative approach to 
sustainable development, we engage in industry 
associations and organizations such as:

2030 Water Resources Group

Water Use

AIM-Progress

Beverage Industry Environmental Roundtable (BIER)

Brewers of Europe

BSR

Business at OECD

Business Fights Poverty

The Climate Group

Ellen MacArthur Foundation

International Alliance for Responsible Drinking

Shift Business Learning Program

Sustainable Food Lab

Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures

UNGC CFO Taskforce for the SDGs

UNGC Water Resilience Coalition

WeConnect International

World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD)

World Economic Forum (WEF)

Worldwide Brewing Alliance

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
Stakeholder engagement

Communities

Consumers

Policy makers

Customers

Description
We are closely connected to the 
communities where we live and work. 
We strive to contribute positively to 
important issues such as sustainability, 
smart drinking and road safety in such 
communities. We are focused on matters 
where we can be part of the solution and 
make the greatest positive impact.

Description
Our consumer is the boss. Beer brings 
people together to celebrate life, and 
we serve our consumers by offering the 
highest-quality products and meaningful 
brand experiences in a responsible way.

Description
We engage with policy makers at 
different levels in government to provide 
our views on issues that are important for 
our business and the well-being of our 
communities. We do this in alignment 
with our Code of Ethics and local 
legislation. 

Description
We partner with valued retailers, bar 
owners, wholesalers and distributors to 
bring our beers to our consumers while 
supporting their business growth, striving 
to provide best-in-class service and 
pursuing extraordinary execution of our 
brands on- and off-trade.

How we engage
-  Initiatives related to Smart Drinking and 

How we engage
-  Events and activations

How we engage
-  Official consultations to private sector 

How we engage
-  Customer services

Sustainability

-  Activities supporting communities like 
disaster response and volunteering

- Social media

-  Industry associations and groups

-  Sales meetings

-  Advertising and sponsorships

-  Roundtable discussions

- Customer services

-  Bilateral meetings

-  Events and activations

-  Notices regarding products

-  Social media and websites

Areas of interest
-  Service quality
-  Product quality 
-  Sales performance

Areas of interest
-  Local economic development
-  Responsible business that contributes 

positively to society and the 
environment

Areas of interest
-  Product quality

-  Brand purpose

-  Responsible, transparent marketing

Areas of interest
-  Public policy
-  Regulations
-  Harmful alcohol use reduction
-  Environmental stewardship 
-  Road safety 
-  Disaster response

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     57

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksStakeholder engagement (cont.)

Colleagues

Suppliers

Partners

Shareholders

Description
Our greatest strength is our people. Our 
people are curious, bold and resilient. We 
recruit, develop and retain people who 
can be better than ourselves.

Description
Relationships are essential to our 
operations—especially with our 
suppliers. Mutual collaboration is a key 
element to creating a resilient supply 
chain that delivers value and contributes 
toward our sustainability goals.

Description
We recognize no single organization can 
solve today’s global challenges alone— 
effective partnerships are critical to 
addressing the most pressing challenges 
of today, and tomorrow, and the private 
sector must play a proactive role.

Description
We value the trust of our shareholders 
and are constantly working to provide 
positive results. We are committed to 
creating value and delivering consistent, 
profitable growth.

How we engage
-  Annual engagement and pulse surveys

How we engage
-  Supplier meetings

How we engage
-  Industry associations and groups

How we engage
-  Annual and interim reports

-  Annual performance reviews

-  Supplier assessments

-  Multistakeholder collaborations

-  Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

-  Leadership town halls

-  Staff activities

-  Intranet and websites

-  Compliance Helpline

Areas of interest
-  A diverse and inclusive workplace
-  Career development
-  Workplace health and safety 
-  Well-being and engagement

-  Partnerships

-  Partnerships

-  Investor relations meetings and 

-  Supplier development programs

-  Industry events

-  Compliance Helpline

Areas of interest
-  Transparent and fair procurement 
practices, in line with the Global 
Responsible Sourcing Policy

-  Opportunities for development and 

collaboration

webcasts

-  Quarterly earnings calls

-  Website disclosures

Areas of interest
-  Working collectively to address pressing 

challenges

-  Delivering the SDGs

Areas of interest
-  Continued growth in corporate value
- Well-defined corporate strategy
- Transparency and timely disclosure

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     58

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG index 
and reporting 
frameworks

60 

70 

71 

2021 ESG Index >

 2025 Sustainability Goals>

 Reporting Frameworks

71 

76 

78 

84 

85 

90 

GRI >

 SASB >

UN SDGs >

 UN Global Compact 
Index >

TCFD >

 WEF Stakeholder 
Capitalism Metrics >

91 

EU Taxonomy >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     59

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 ESG Index

GRI: 103-1

We have created this ESG index to provide more information on the broad 
range of ESG-related topics that matter to our key stakeholders and are 
material to our business.

ESG topics  Why it is important

Water  
Stewardship

More than just a key 
ingredient in our products, 
water is a critical resource 
for the health and well-
being of every community 
around the world.

Impact on 
value chain

Communities, 
consumers, 
colleagues

How we manage it

2025 Water Stewardship 
Goal 

Sustainability Council

Environmental Policy

Environmental advisors 
group (external) 

Water risk assessment 
process

Business  
considerations

Water scarcity or poor 
water quality may increase 
production costs and 
capacity constraints 
or impact our license 
to operate, impact 
our reputation in the 
community or result in 
water-related regulatory 
changes, which could 
adversely affect our 
business.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Water Stewardship on 
pages 26–30

We intend to continue 
implementing tailored 
solutions across all 
our sites located in 
communities facing 
water stress and 
measuring our impact 
on water quality and 
availability. We also plan 
to continue to identify 
and test innovative 
solutions to improve 
our internal water use 
efficiency as well as our 
external watershed work.

    Water Stewardship  
webpage >

    Measuring and Evaluating 
the Impact of Corporate 
Watershed Projects >

    Waterways to Resilience: 
Nature-based Solutions for 
Adaptation in Africa >

    TNC partnership >

    WWF partnership >

    2021 CDP Water  
submission >

•  1.599 billion hl total water use

•  2.66 hl/hl water use efficiency ratio

•  100% of sites in scope for our 

goal have conducted outreach, 
analyzed local water challenges 
and identified potential solutions

•  83% of sites located in high-stress 
areas have started implementing 
solutions

•  3 sites located in high-stress areas 
have begun seeing measurable 
impact 

•  Water intake by source

  - 41.0% ground water

  - 17.4% surface water

  - 41.6% third party

  - <0.1% rainwater

•  CDP Water A Rating

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     60

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Climate

Climate change is one 
of the most pressing 
challenges facing our 
company globally. Our 
business is closely tied to 
the natural environment: 
agricultural crops and water 
are our key ingredients, we 
require raw materials for our 
packaging, and we need 
energy and fuel to brew 
and transport our beers.

Impact on 
value chain

Suppliers, 
colleagues, 
customers, 
consumers, 
communities

How we manage it

Business  
considerations

2025 Climate Action 
Goals

Our ambition to achieve 
net zero by 2040

Sustainability Council

Climate change, or legal, 
regulatory or market 
measures to address 
climate change, could 
have a long-term, material 
impact on our business.

Climate Action 
Committee

Environmental Policy

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Climate Action on pages 
21–25

We intend to explore 
new technologies and 
partnerships and engage 
our supply chain through 
the Eclipse platform to 
deliver on our Climate 
Action Goal and work 
toward our ambition to 
achieve net zero by 2040.

    Climate Action webpage >

     Eclipse >

   TCFD analysis >

   Net zero ambition >

   2021 CDP Climate  
submission >

We intend to continue 
exploring technologies 
and processes that have 
the potential to scale and 
reduce energy use within 
our operations.

 TCFD analysis >

  Net zero ambition >

  Climate Action webpage >

  2021 CDP Climate  
submissions >

•  4.41 MT CO2e total direct and 
indirect GHG emissions Scopes 
1 and 2

•  30.94 MT CO2e total direct and 
indirect GHG emissions Scopes 1, 
2 and 3

•  26.53 MT CO2e total indirect GHG 
emissions Scope 3

•  5.13 kg CO2e /hl Scopes 1 and 2 
GHG emissions per hectoliter of 
production

•  51.21 kg CO2e /hl Scopes 1, 2 and 3 
GHG emissions per hectoliter of 
production

•  43.91 kg CO2e /hl Scope 3 GHG 
emissions per hectoliter of 
production

•  28.63% reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 
GHG emissions vs. 2017 baseline

•  13.58% reduction in Scopes 1, 2 and 
3 GHG emissions vs. 2017 baseline

•  CDP Climate A- rating

•  Announced ambition to achieve net 

zero by 2040

•  Developed new module for VPO 

Environmental Pillar to guide 
facilities on net zero achievement

•  58.8 total GJ of energy used (in 

millions)

•  56.4 total GJ of energy purchased 

(in millions)

•  97.7 energy use per hl (in Mj/hl)

•  93.6 energy purchased per hl  

(in Mj/hl)

•   39.9% renewable electricity 

operational

•  81.4% renewable electricity 

contracted

•  Reduced purchased energy by 

4.7% since 2018

Energy Use

Reducing our energy use 
can help deliver long-term 
financial benefits while also 
contributing to a reduction 
in our GHG emissions and 
supporting our ambition to 
achieve net zero by 2040.

Colleagues, 
communities

VPO Environmental 
Management Systems

Environmental Policy

VPO Steering 
Committee

Sustainability Council

Environmental concerns, or 
legal, regulatory or market 
measures to address 
environmental concerns, 
could have a long-term, 
material impact on our 
business and results of 
operations.

See Climate Action on pages 
21–25

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     61

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Circular 
Packaging

Improving the materials 
we use can help deliver 
long-term financial benefits 
and provide our business 
with long-term packaging 
supply security while also 
eliminating waste.

Impact on 
value chain

Suppliers, 
communities, 
customers, 
consumers

How we manage it

2025 Circular Packaging 
Goal

Sustainability Council

Environmental Policy

Business  
considerations

Changes in the availability 
or price of raw materials 
could have an adverse 
effect on our operations.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Circular Packaging on 
pages 35–37

•  36.4% volume in returnable 

packaging

We plan to continue 
to work across our 
operations and within 
our local communities 
to champion circular 
economy and systems 
transformation.

  Circular Packaging  
webpage >

  Our newest sustainable 
packaging >

  Barley leftovers into sustain-
able packaging >

All facilities plan to 
continue to pursue 100% 
recycling rates in their 
operations to achieve 
zero waste globally.

  Environmental Policy >

We intend to continue to 
strengthen our approach 
to human rights across 
our value chain.

  Global Human Rights Policy >

  Global Responsible Sourcing 
Policy > 

  Responsible Sourcing Princi-
ples for Farms >

•  55.6% recycled content in cans

•  43.8% recycled content in glass

•  20.0% recycled content in PET

•  99.8% of all our packaging materials 

are recyclable

•  > 46.6 MT packaging materials 

reduced since 2018

•  74.5% of our products were in 
either returnables (kegs and 
returnable glass bottles) or made 
from majority recycled content 
(cans portfolio with more than 50% 
recycled content)

•  Recycled 99.29% of the waste 
generated in our beverage 
production processes in 2021

•  14% of our total beverage facilities 
are recycling 100% of generated 
waste, considered zero waste 
generation

 •  69% of our beverage facilities are 

reaching more than 99%  recycling 
rates

•  Suppliers representing 30% of 
procurement spend screened 
through procurement risk 
management

•  7,500 suppliers screened for 
responsible sourcing risks

•  332 suppliers assessed in Brazil 

distribution

•  27 suppliers assessed in high-risk 

crops 

•  64 communities included in human 

rights research in Zambia, Brazil, 
Mexico and Uganda

Waste  
Management*

Human 
Rights and 
Responsible 
Sourcing

With operations in nearly 50 
countries, it is imperative 
that we manage our waste 
responsibly. We not only 
comply with local laws and 
regulations but also often 
apply our own higher global 
standards, especially in 
places where there are 
limited environmental 
regulations.

We believe that 
respecting human 
rights is fundamental to 
creating healthy, thriving 
communities, as reflected 
in the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights. 

Colleagues, 
communities

VPO Environmental 
Management Systems

VPO Steering 
Committee

Sustainability Council

Environmental Policy

Environmental concerns, or 
legal, regulatory or market 
measures to address 
environmental concerns, 
could have a long-term, 
material adverse impact on 
our business.

Suppliers, 
colleagues, 
customers, 
consumers, 
communities

Global Human Rights 
Policy

Global Responsible 
Sourcing Policy

Responsible Sourcing 
Principles for Farms

Global Human Rights 
Steering Committee

Global Ethics & 
Compliance Committee

Zone Ethics & 
Compliance 
Committees

Audit Committee

Through our business 
operations and value chain, 
we have the potential to 
impact people in both 
positive and negative 
ways. We seek to embed 
respect for human rights 
within our decision-making 
processes. We understand 
that negative human 
rights issues, whether 
actual or perceived, could 
undermine the trust of our 
stakeholders and could 
adversely impact our 
reputation and business.

•  100% of our people in 
beverage production 
facilities received training 
on recycling and waste 
management through VPO

•  New programs were 

implemented to increase 
recycling rates and reduce 
waste

See Ethics & Transparency on 
pages 38–43

* Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into 
secondary materials versus the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     62

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Sustainable 
Agriculture

We depend on high-quality 
agricultural crops from 
thriving communities and 
healthy ecosystems to 
brew our beers.

Impact on 
value chain

Suppliers, 
communities, 
consumers

Business  
considerations

Changes in the availability 
or price of raw materials 
could have an adverse 
effect on our operations.

How we manage it

2025 Smart Agriculture 
Goal

Responsible Sourcing 
Principles for Farms

Sustainability Council

Environmental advisors 
group (external)

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Sustainable Agriculture on 
pages 31–34

•  > 22,000 total farmers in direct 

sourcing program

•  > 16,500 smallholder farmers in 

direct sourcing program

•  74% of direct farmers Skilled

•  65% of direct farmers Connected

•  69% of direct farmers Financially 

Empowered

•  91% of colleagues in Legal & 
Corporate Affairs, Marketing 
and Sales trained in Responsible 
Marketing Code

•  Invested more than 450 million USD 
in social norms marketing programs 
and campaigns (2016–2021), which 
includes more than 100 million USD 
in 2021*

•  Launched over 98 social norms 

marketing campaigns (2016–2021)

•  100% of eligible beer volume 
included a guidance label

•  27 markets implemented voluntary 

alcohol guidance labels on our 
products

•  6.63% of global volume is NABLAB

•  82 NABLAB brands

•  68% of countries with NABLAB 

brands in portfolio

We will continue to seek 
out partnerships that 
will enable scalable 
approaches to soil health, 
improved biodiversity 
and other regenerative 
agriculture practices 
across geographies and 
crops to build resilient 
farming communities and 
food systems.

We plan to continue to 
prioritize embedding 
Smart Drinking into 
the architecture of our 
brands. 

  Smart Agriculture  
webpage >

  Soil health framework >

  SmartBarley + Sentera 
partnership update >

  Responsible Sourcing Princi-
ples for Farms > 

  Responsible Marketing & 
Communications Code > 

  Our Commitment to Reduc-
ing Harmful Use of Alcohol >  

  Marketing to Change Social 
Norms > 

  Marketing, Advertising and 
Sales > 

We plan to continue 
working to expand the 
availability of NAB and LAB 
products and to meet the 
needs of our consumers.

  Unleashing the Power of 
NABLABs > 

  Our Commitment to Reduc-
ing Harmful Use of Alcohol > 

Social Norms 
Marketing

Social norms marketing 
is an evidence-based 
methodology to reduce 
harmful consumption of 
alcohol, particularly when 
combined with our brands’ 
strong connection to 
consumers.

Consumers, 
communities

Responsible Marketing & 
Communications Code

Our Commitment to 
Reducing Harmful Use of 
Alcohol 

Internal Better World 
Media Investment Policy

Global Smart Drinking 
Community of Practice 

Harmful consumption 
of alcohol could have an 
adverse impact on our 
business. 

See Smart Drinking & 
Moderation on pages 12–20

No- and 
Low-Alcohol 
Beer

The WHO recommends 
giving consumers the 
choice of lower- and non-
alcoholic beer options as 
a tool to reduce harmful 
consumption of alcohol.

Consumers, 
communities, 
colleagues

Our Commitment to 
Reducing Harmful Use of 
Alcohol

AB InBev Foundation 
Technical Advisory 
Group (external)

Global Smart Drinking 
Community of Practice

Harmful consumption 
of alcohol could have an 
adverse impact on our 
business. 

See Smart Drinking & 
Moderation on pages 12–20

*Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated 
through prior assurance processes. The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     63

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Smart Drinking & 
Moderation on pages 12–20

We aim to harness 
the power of digital in 
promoting Smart Drinking 
in our communities.

  Partnering for Community 
Impact >

  Our Commitment to Reduc-
ing Harmful Use of Alcohol > 

  Road Safety >

We plan to continue 
to share our progress 
and take measures to 
increase D&I within our 
company and across our 
value chain.

  Global Diversity & Inclusion 
Policy >

  Global Human Rights Policy >

•  24 countries where evidence-

based community interventions are 
implemented (RBS, SBI, road safety)

•  16 responsible beverage service 

community interventions 
implemented

•  9 screening and brief intervention 

programs implemented

•  47 evidence-based road safety 

programs implemented

•  118 countries used the Safer Roads 

Toolkit trainings

•  54% of Safer Roads Toolkit users are 

government, academia or NGO

•  87% in D&I index of annual 

employee engagement survey 
(+1pp vs. 2020)

•  125 nationalities represented in 

overall workforce

•  64 nationalities represented in our 

global headquarters

•  21% women in overall workforce

•  34% women in salaried workforce

•  26% women in top 5 leadership 

levels

•  14% women in top 3 leadership 

levels

Impact on 
value chain

Consumers, 
communities

ESG topics  Why it is important

Local Smart 
Drinking  
Evidence- 
based  
Interventions

We aim to replicate and 
scale up, with the support 
of our community, three 
types of interventions 
that have been proven 
to be evidence-based in 
reducing harmful drinking: 
responsible beverage 
service, screening and 
brief intervention and road 
safety.

How we manage it

Our Commitment to 
Reducing Harmful Use of 
Alcohol

AB InBev Foundation 
Technical Advisory 
Group (external)

AB InBev Foundation 
Scientific Partners 
Taskforce (external)

Global Smart Drinking 
Community of Practice

Business  
considerations

Harmful consumption 
of alcohol could have an 
adverse impact on our 
business. 

Colleagues

Global Diversity & 
Inclusion Policy

Global Human Rights 
Policy

Global D&I Council

Our ability to successfully 
recruit, retain, manage and 
develop key personnel 
impacts our performance 
and the ability to operate 
our business.

See Diversity & Inclusion on 
pages 47–49

Diversity & 
Inclusion

We know that diversity of 
thought delivers better 
decision-making and 
more innovative ideas. 
An inclusive workplace 
is also critical as it 
enables individuals to feel 
empowered to share their 
unique perspectives and 
ideas, supporting higher 
engagement, productivity 
and retention rates.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     64

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Product 
Quality

We are committed to 
quality for our consumers. 

Impact on 
value chain

Suppliers, 
customers, 
consumers

How we manage it

Product Quality Policy 
(internal)

VPO and DPO Quality 
Management Systems

VPO Steering 
Committee

Business  
considerations

If any of our products 
are defective or found to 
contain contaminants, 
we may be subject to 
product recalls or other 
associated liabilities, which 
could adversely impact our 
business, reputation and 
performance.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

•  Revised quality handbook

•  0 product recalls 

•  Published new training 

•  100% of operations audited 

material for quality 
management 

internally to the BRC Standard 

•  100% of operations audited 

internally to VPO quality standards

•  33% of operations audited 

externally to the BRC standard 
without certification (each facility 
audited every three years) 

•  21 operations with BRC Food 

Standard certification

•  8 operations with BRC Packaging 

Standard certification

•  313 beer awards won: 96 bronze, 110 
silver and 108 gold medals at major 
international competitions 

•  Launched new online trainings 
that focused on topics such as 
anti-corruption, supply chain 
ethics, digital ethics, anti-money 
laundering and our Code of 
Business Conduct

We plan to continue 
to follow our quality 
management programs 
to deliver quality for our 
consumers. 

  Beer and Brewing >

We will seek out 
opportunities to work 
with our colleagues and 
value chain partners to 
promote and maintain 
the highest standards of 
ethical behavior.

  Global Code of Business 
Conduct >

  Global Anti-Corruption 
Policy >

  Supplier Anti-Corruption 
Policy >

  Global Whistleblower 
Policy >

  Global Human Rights Policy >

  Global Anti-Harassment 
Anti-Discrimination Policy >

  Global Responsible Sourcing 
Policy > 

  Responsible Sourcing Princi-
ples for Farms >

See Ethics & Transparency on 
pages 38–43

We operate in emerging 
markets that present 
political, economic and 
operational risks, as a result 
of political and economic 
instability, a lack of well-
developed legal systems 
and potentially corrupt 
business environments.

Ethics & 
Compliance

Suppliers, 
colleagues, 
customers, 
consumers, 
communities

We operate in countries 
with a broad range of 
cultures and business 
practices, making it 
important that we are 
guided by a clear and 
consistent code of 
business ethics and 
guidelines for all of our 
colleagues around the 
world.

Global Code of Business 
Conduct

Global Anti-Corruption 
Policy

Supplier Anti-Corruption 
Policy

Global Whistleblower 
Policy

Global Human Rights 
Policy

Global Anti-Harassment 
Anti-Discrimination Policy

Global Responsible 
Sourcing Policy

Responsible Sourcing 
Principles for Farms

Global Ethics & 
Compliance Committee

Zone Ethics & 
Compliance 
Committees

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     65

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Workplace 
Safety

The health and safety of our 
colleagues and partners is a 
core value of our company. 
We are committed to 
training our colleagues to 
make the right choices for 
safety, for themselves and 
for others. 

Impact on 
value chain

Suppliers, 
colleagues 
(including 
service 
providers, 
contractors)

How we manage it

Global Health & Safety 
Policy

Global Human Rights 
Policy

VPO and DPO Safety 
Management Systems

VPO Steering 
Committee

Business  
considerations

The health and safety 
of our colleagues and 
partners, as well as safety 
issues within our own 
operations or those of our 
suppliers, could lead to 
negative impacts on our 
performance, ability to 
operate and reputation.

Biodiversity

We depend on high-quality 
agricultural crops and water 
from healthy ecosystems 
and can help protect and 
restore biodiversity through 
our work in agriculture and 
watersheds.

Suppliers, 
communities 

Sustainability Council

Environmental advisors 
group (external)

Responsible Sourcing 
Principles for Farms

Entrepre-
neurship

We rely on the products 
and services of millions of 
small businesses, including 
farmers, suppliers, retailers, 
start-ups and recycling 
collectors.

Suppliers, 
customers 
(especially 
small retailers)

Sustainability Council 

Zone and country teams

Digital Ethics

As our digital 
transformation and 
innovation projects 
continue to advance, 
we aim to comply with 
applicable laws and also 
ensure that our business’s, 
consumers’, customers’ 
and colleagues’ data are 
secured and processed in 
an ethical manner.

Suppliers, 
colleagues, 
customers, 
consumers

Global Code of Business 
Conduct

Digital Ethics Principles 
and Framework

Global Information 
Security Policy

Environmental concerns, or 
legal, regulatory or market 
measures to address 
environmental concerns, 
could have a long-term, 
material adverse impact 
on our business and 
operations.

Effective supplier and 
distribution networks 
enable us to produce and 
deliver our products to 
consumers. Disruptions in 
these networks could have 
a material impact on our 
ability to operate.

In addition to the risk of 
business disruptions, 
changing laws and 
stakeholder expectations 
may mean we are not 
able to collect and use 
personal data. This creates 
economic and reputational 
risks and also impacts our 
capacity to create, use and 
launch data-driven tools 
and initiatives that are key 
for us to operate, innovate, 
grow and remain relevant in 
the market. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     66

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

See Workplace Safety on 
pages 42–43

•  6 occupational fatalities (total)

•  283 occupational LTI (total)

•  1,044 TRI (total)

See Sustainable Agriculture on 
pages 31–34

•  Mapped global biodiversity 

pressures across 30 regions in 
our direct agricultural supply 
chain to identify opportunities for 
biodiversity action

See Entrepreneurship on pages 
44–46

See Ethics & Transparency on 
pages 38–43

•  2.5 million active users across 

16 countries using our business-
to-business BEES platform every 
month 

•  > 260,000 retailers with access 
to fintech solutions through our 
technology and innovation hub 
Z-Tech

•  > 16,500 smallholder farmers in 

direct sourcing program

•  > 25,000 recycling collectors across 

our value chain

•  Approximately 2,000 colleagues 

participated in Digital Ethics 
tailored trainings

•  > 1,700 processing activities 

reviewed according to our Digital 
Ethics Principles

We will continue 
our commitment to 
preventing serious 
injuries and fatalities, 
reducing occupational 
injuries by reducing 
exposure to safety 
hazards and further 
building a culture of 
safety across our entire 
business.

We plan to seek 
out ways to embed 
biodiversity initiatives 
into our programs and will 
continue to engage with 
partners and industry 
groups to drive greater 
collective action on 
biodiversity.

We plan to continue 
seeking out partnerships 
that empower small 
businesses and 
entrepreneurs across 
our value chain to help 
promote their success. 

  Global Health & Safety 
Policy >

  Global Human Rights Policy >

  Protecting land, water and 
livelihoods >

  BEES >

  Local crops >

We plan to continue 
building out our tools, 
processes and resources 
to support digital ethics 
across our business. 

  Global Code of Business 
Conduct >

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Our People

Our people have always 
been, and will always be, 
our greatest strength. By 
looking after their well-
being and development 
and investing in our people, 
we create human capital for 
our business.

Impact on 
value chain

How we manage it

Colleagues 

Human Rights Policy

Global Anti-Harassment 
Anti-Discrimination 
Policy

Global Diversity & 
Inclusion Policy

Business  
considerations

Our ability to successfully 
recruit, retain, manage and 
develop key personnel 
impacts our performance 
and the ability to operate 
our business.

COVID-19 

Suppliers, 
colleagues, 
retailers, 
consumers, 
communities

The COVID-19 pandemic 
has exacted a heavy toll 
on society, government 
and business alike, 
underscoring the need 
for decisive, collective 
action on the world’s 
most pressing social and 
environmental challenges.

Zone and country teams

Disruptions from COVID-
19 and its impact on 
our people, partners, 
communities and supply 
chains could have an 
adverse impact on our 
business.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

•  Strengthened our employee 

• 169,000 colleagues

listening capability with faster 
and more agile technology 
(Perceptyx), a new 
engagement cycle (1 annual 
and 2 pulse surveys) and 
on-demand listening tools

•  < 9% turnover

•  88% employee engagement index 

(+4pp vs. 2020)

•  94% employee participation in 

engagement survey (flat vs. 2020)

•  Continued the BetterUp 

•  158 people recruited to our Global 

program to provide 
colleagues with one-on-one 
personalized coaching

•  Continued to foster a culture 
of learning through global 
training programs that 
develop key functional and 
leadership capabilities in 
areas like Marketing, Sales, 
Supply and Procurement

See COVID-19 Response on 
pages 8–9

Management Trainee (GMT) 
Program

•  28 people recruited to our Global 

MBA (GMBA) Program

•  > 4,000 colleagues participated 
in global training programs in 
Marketing, Sales, Supply and 
Procurement

•  > 3.5 million units of hand sanitizer 

donated

•  > 3.9 million masks donated

•  > 125 vaccination facilities 

supported

•  > 25 vaccination campaigns 

supported

We will continue to listen 
to, develop and empower 
our people. 

  Our Teams >

  Our Culture >

  Our Benefits > 

  Global MBA Program > 

  Global Management Trainee 
Program >

We will continue to 
work with governments 
and partners to drive 
a strong and inclusive 
recovery, investing in 
environmental resilience, 
promoting Smart 
Drinking and supporting 
sustainable livelihoods 
across our value chain.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     67

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksImpact on 
value chain

Colleagues, 
communities, 
consumers

How we manage it

Zone and country teams

ESG topics  Why it is important

Disaster 
Response

We believe we can play 
a positive role in building 
communities that are 
more resilient to disasters 
by working alongside 
government, civil society 
and other private-sector 
organizations to reduce 
disaster risk and support 
response efforts whenever 
disasters occur.

Business  
considerations

Every year, many 
communities around the 
world are affected by 
droughts, earthquakes, 
wildfires, floods and other 
natural disasters. These 
occurrences are on the 
rise, and this trend is 
set to continue, driven 
by urbanization, the 
degradation of natural 
ecosystems and climate 
change.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

We intend to continue 
leveraging our business 
capabilities and local 
connections to support 
our communities in 
preparing for and 
responding to disasters. 

•  Donated emergency drinking 

•  11 disaster response initiatives 

implemented

•  > 2.3 million liters of emergency 

drinking water provided

water in South Korea and 
China for weather-related 
disasters

•  Donated drinking water to 

victims of extreme flooding in 
Belgium and Germany

•  Donated food, water, clothing, 
blankets and more to people 
affected by flooding in 
Zacatecas, Mexico

•  Delivered canned drinking 
water to support disaster 
response in Canada

•  Launched the Prepare for Your 

Pets campaign in the US to 
raise awareness on disaster 
preparedness 

•  Supported communities after 
flooding in the Taquiña River 
basin in Bolivia

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     68

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksESG topics  Why it is important

Community 
Engagement: 
Volunteering

Our people are passionate 
about supporting their 
communities.

Impact on 
value chain

Colleagues, 
communities, 
consumers

How we manage it

Zone and country teams

Business  
considerations

Sustainable and inclusive 
growth of the communities 
where we live and work 
is fundamental to our 
business success.

2021 developments 

2021 outcomes

Looking forward

Learn more

We will find new ways to 
empower our colleagues 
to share their talents and 
time to strengthen their 
communities.

•  Supported blood donations 

•  29 countries with volunteering 

programs in place

•  > 32,400 volunteer hours for our 

colleagues

in Mozambique with 150 
volunteer hours

•  Volunteered at a local library  
and organized English classes 
in South Korea

•  Helped pub owners reopen 

after the COVID-19 lockdowns 
in Belgium

•  Supported initiatives to 
respond to a volcano 
eruption on La Palma in the 
Canary Islands

•  Planted trees in the Harz 

Mountains for World 
Environment Day in Germany

•  Collected and donated 

1,120 kg of wastepaper to 
the ECOFund for Good and 
donated the proceeds to 
help homeless animals in 
Russia

•  Ran more than 30 virtual and 
in-person volunteer activities 
in Mexico to celebrate World 
Water Day, World Environment 
Day, Smart Drinking Week and 
International Volunteer Day, 
with over 16,000 participants

•  Ran a virtual volunteering 
program to support local 
entrepreneurs in Peru

•  Provided new training tools 

for community leaders 
through our social impact 
platform Valor in Argentina

•  Organized a beach-cleaning 
day in Paraguay, collecting 
approximately 59,000 kg of 
trash

•  Donated time and knowledge, 
as well as online management 
classes, to support NGOs 
in Brazil 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     69

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks2025 Sustainability Goals 

GRI: 302-1, 302-3, 303-5, 305-1, 305-4

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals are our 
most ambitious sustainability public 
commitments yet. Introduced in March 2018, 
the goals aim for holistic environmental and 
social impact and to drive transformational 
change across our entire value chain. 
Our company’s leadership and a cross-
functional team of more than 70 colleagues 
designed these goals to deliver bold action 
today with measurable results that will drive 
long-term resilience and lasting positive 
impact. 

Please see Climate, Water Stewardship, 
Sustainable Agriculture and Circular Packaging 
sections on pages 21–37 of this report to 
learn more about how sustainability and the 
achievement of our 2025 Sustainability Goals 
are managed at AB InBev. The table to the right 
highlights our 2021 performance against key 
indicators related to our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Metric

Total water use (in billion hl)

Water use by hectoliter of production 
(hl/hl)

Total GJ of energy (in millions)

Total GJ of energy purchased (in 
millions)

Energy usage per hectoliter of 
production (in Mj/hl)

Energy purchased per hectoliter of 
production (in Mj/hl)

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions 
(Scopes 1 and 2 in million metric tons 
of CO2e)
Total direct and indirect GHG emissions 
(Scopes 1, 2 and 3 in million metric tons 
of CO2e)
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions per 
hectoliter of production (in kg CO2e/hl) 
Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions per 
hectoliter of production (in kg CO2e/hl)
Scope 3 GHG emissions per hectoliter 
of production (in kgCO2e/hl
% Renewable electricity: operational**

2025 
Goal

n/a

2.50

n/a

n/a

n/a

2021

2020

2019

2018

1.599Ⓐ

 1.496Ⓐ

2.66Ⓐ

 2.70Ⓐ

58.8Ⓐ

56.4Ⓐ

 55.2Ⓐ

 53.2Ⓐ

1.642Ⓐ

2.80Ⓐ

61.4Ⓐ

59.4Ⓐ

1.632Ⓐ

2.95Ⓐ

61.1

59.2Ⓐ

2017  
(Baseline)

1.775Ⓐ

3.09Ⓐ

61.4Ⓐ

*

97.7

 99.7

104.6

110.1*

111.6Ⓐ

n/a

93.6Ⓐ

 96.2Ⓐ

101.2Ⓐ*

106.8Ⓐ

*

4.02

4.41Ⓐ

4.71Ⓐ

5.36Ⓐ

6.03Ⓐ

6.18Ⓐ

 n/a

30.94Ⓐ

28.37Ⓐ 

31.8Ⓐ

31.21

32.35

 4.77

5.13Ⓐ

 6.50Ⓐ

6.92Ⓐ

8.04Ⓐ

8.55Ⓐ

 44.5

51.21Ⓐ

 53.13Ⓐ

55.3Ⓐ

57.0

59.4

39.7

43.91Ⓐ

46.63

48.38

48.96

50.85

% Renewable electricity: contracted**

100%

81.4%Ⓐ

 70.6%Ⓐ

61.3%

100% 

39.9%Ⓐ

 31.2%Ⓐ

20.0%Ⓐ

16%Ⓐ

50%

--

--

% Returnable packaging

n/a

36.4% Ⓐ

 36.4%Ⓐ

40.9%Ⓐ

43.5%Ⓐ

46%

% Recycled content in primary 
packaging 

Glass 
Cans 
PET

 >50%

43.8%Ⓐ
55.6%Ⓐ
20.0%Ⓐ

43.2%Ⓐ
57.6%Ⓐ
26.0%Ⓐ

42.3%Ⓐ
59.1%Ⓐ
22.8%Ⓐ

41.4%Ⓐ
58.9%Ⓐ***
15.7%Ⓐ

Direct farmers Skilled, Connected and 
Financially Empowered**** 

Skilled 
Connected 
Financially 
Empowered

100%
100%
100%

74%
65%
69%

76%
57%
60%

50%
45%
35%

-- 
--
--

37%
59%
21%

-- 
-- 
--

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     70

Ⓐ Assured Metric 
(please refer to External Assurance Report on page 94)

•  Our goals and data as included in the table on water, GHG emissions per 

hectoliter of production and energy pertain to our beverage facilities only 
and do not encompass our vertical operations such as malt plants and 
packaging facilities.

•  Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompass beverage facilities 
and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities.

•  For additional information regarding the KPI’s scope, please refer to the 

report scope on page 92.
•  Scope 1 accounts for 67.7% of our operational emissions and includes CO2 
equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and in 
cogeneration plants that generate on-site electricity. Scope 2 accounts for 
about 32.3% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

•  Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix of supplier-based 
numbers, global emission factors and assumptions for purchased goods 
and services, upstream and downstream distribution, product cooling 
(including on and off premise but excluding at-home cooling) and end of 
product life. Around 50% of emissions are calculated with own data or data 
reported by suppliers through the CDP. We currently use a hybrid approach 
to measure Scope 3 data, leveraging a mix of supplier reported data and 
industry available data. We expect that our ambition to achieve net zero and 
the supporting data may be revised as measurement standards, modeling 
methodology and the level of data granularity improve over time.

*  In line with our new sustainability goals, energy reporting will shift to energy 
purchased versus energy usage. Energy purchased per hl aligns with our 
RE100 sustainability goal of offsetting 100% of our purchased electricity with 
electricity sourced from renewable resources. Energy purchased per hl was 
not reported for breweries acquired from SABM in 2017.

**  For 2021, renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: operational 

electricity and contracted electricity. Our primary strategy is to help fund 
new build renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to 
build, we believe it is important to report both metrics. The contracted 
electricity metric tracks the commitments we have already made to our 
100% renewable electricity goal, while our operational electricity measures 
our actual annual realization.

***  2018 recycled content percentage in primary packaging for cans has 

been updated. The data correction has been done following the external 
supplier audits.

****  Smart Agriculture data is based on up-to-date estimates.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reporting frameworks

GRI: 102-55

GRI

Disclosure number

Disclosure name

Source

GRI 102-1

GRI 102-2

Name of the organization

Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV

Activities, brands, products, and services

GRI 102-3

Location of headquarters

Annual report p. 13-15 
Our Brands -  Annual report p. 20-29 

  Our Brands

Anheuser-Busch InBev Global Headquarters 
Brouwerijplein,1  
3000 Leuven 
Belgium

GRI 102-4

GRI 102-5

GRI 102-6

GRI 102-7

GRI 102-8

GRI 102-9

GRI 102-10

GRI 102-11

Location of operations

Nature of ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organization

Information on employees and other workers

Supply chain

Significant changes to the organization and its 
supply chain

ESG report p. 5-6
Annual report p. 15-17

  Our shareholders

ESG Report p. 5
Annual report p. 15-16, 20-24

Annual report p. 4, 6, 36

ESG Report: p. 48
Annual report p. 50 

Annual report p. 15, 20-24 

  Our Beers

  Passion for Beer

Annual report p. 18-24 

Precautionary Principle or approach

AB InBev applies precautionary approach by managing for risk related to all of our Tier 1 issues 

GRI 102-12

External initiatives

  Environmental Policy

  Responsible Sourcing Policy

•  Commitment to the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles
•  Contribution to the UN Sustainability Goals (SDGs) : ESG Report p. 78-83
•  Support the World Health Organization (WHO) target of reducing the harmful use of alcohol
•  Signatory to the United Nations Global Compact: ESG report p. 2, 40, 84; Annual Report p. 19
•  Committed to the principles and guidance contained in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

GRI 102-13

GRI 102-14

GRI 102-15

Membership of associations

Statement from senior decision-maker

ESG report p. 56

ESG report p. 2-3

Key impacts, risks and opportunities

ESG Report p. 85-88

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     71

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksDisclosure number

Disclosure name

Source

GRI 102-16

Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior

ESG report p. 4, 10

GRI 102-17

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

  Our 10 Principles

  Our Policies

ESG report p. 38-39 
Annual report p. 47 
 Our Policies

ESG Report p. 51

 Our Corporate Governance

ESG report p. 51-53 
  CDP Disclosure 

ESG report p. 51-53 
  CDP Disclosure

Governance Structure

Delegating authority

Executive-level responsibility for economic, 
environmental and social topics

Composition of the highest governance body and 
its committees

  Our Corporate Governance

Chair of the highest governance body

Nominating and selecting the highest governance 
body

Conflicts of interest

  Our Corporate Governance

ESG report p. 55 

  Our Corporate Governance Charter

  Our Corporate Governance Charter

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 
values, and strategy

ESG report p. 51

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, 
and social impacts

ESG report p. 51, 56

Remuneration policies

ESG report p. 51

  Our Corporate Governance Charter

List of stakeholder groups 

ESG report p. 57-58

Collective bargaining agreements

  Human Rights Policy

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

ESG report p. 56-58

Approach to stakeholder engagement

ESG report p. 56-58

Key topics and concerns raised

ESG report p. 56

Entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements

Financial Report: management report 

Defining report content and topic boundaries

ESG report p. 92-93

List of material topics

Restatements of information

Changes in reporting

Reporting period

ESG report p. 56

ESG report p. 92-93

ESG report p. 92-93

2021

GRI 102-18

GRI 102-19

GRI 102-20

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-23

GRI 102-24

GRI 102-25

GRI 102-26

GRI 102-29

GRI 102-35

GRI 102-40

GRI 102-41

GRI 102-42

GRI 102-43

GRI 102-44

GRI 102-45

GRI 102-46

GRI 102-47

GRI 102-48

GRI 102-49

GRI 102-50

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     72

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksDisclosure number

Disclosure name

Source

GRI 102-51

GRI 102-52

GRI 102-53

GRI 102-54

GRI 102-55

GRI 102-56

Date of the most recent report

Annual report 2020

Reporting cycle

Annual

Contact point for questions regarding the report

corporategovernance@ab-inbev.com

Claim of reporting in accordance with the GRI 
Standards

ESG Report p. 92 

GRI content index

External assurance

ESG report p. 71-75

Annual report p. 51-53 
ESG report p. 94-95

General Standard Disclosures 

Universal standards 

GRI 103-1

GRI 103-2

GRI 103-3

Economic topics  

GRI 201-1

GRI 201-2

GRI 201-3

GRI 204-1

Environmental topics  

GRI 301-2

GRI 301-3

GRI 302-1

GRI 302-2

GRI 302-3

GRI 302-4

GRI 303-1

GRI 303-2

GRI 303-3

GRI 303-4

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

ESG report p. 60-69 and in every chapter: Our strategic ESG priorities

The management approach and its components

ESG report p. 11-49

Evaluation of the management approach 

ESG report p. 52-53

Direct economic value generated and distributed

ESG report p. 7  

Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change

Defined benefit plan obligations and other 
retirement plans

  Submitted to CDP on an annual basis

Not disclosed

Proportion of spending on local supplier

Not disclosed

Recycled input materials used

ESG report p. 35

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

Not disclosed

Energy consumption within the organization

ESG report p. 61, 70 

Energy consumption outside the organization

Not disclosed

Energy intensity 

ESG report p. 61, 70

 Our energy consumption data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis 

  Our energy consumption data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis 

Reduction of energy consumption 

ESG report p. 61, 70  

Interactions with water as a shared resource

ESG Report p. 26-30, 60

Management of water-discharge related impacts

ESG report p. 26-30 

Water withdrawal

Water discharge

  Our water data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis 

ESG report p. 29 (% by source)  

  Our water data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis

  Our water data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     73

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
Disclosure number

Disclosure name

Water consumption

Source

ESG report p. 60, 70 

  Our water data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis

GRI 303-5

GRI 304-2

GRI 305-1

GRI 305-2

GRI 305-3

GRI 305-4

GRI 305-5

GRI 306-1

GRI 306-2

GRI 306-4

GRI 308-2

Social topics 

GRI 403-1

GRI 403-3

GRI 403-4

GRI 403-5

GRI 403-6

GRI 403-7

GRI 403-9

GRI 404-2

GRI 405-1

Significant impacts of activities, products and 
services on biodiversity

ESG report p. 28, 31-34, 66

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

ESG report p. 23, 70, 89 
Annual report p. 7 (only disclosed per crop) 

  Our Climate data is submitted to CDP on an annual basis

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

ESG report p. 23, 70, 89

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

ESG report p. 23, 70, 89

GHG emissions intensity

Reduction of GHG emissions

Waste generation and significant waste-related 
impacts 

Annual report p. 42 
ESG report p. 70, 89

ESG report p. 21-25, 61, 89

ESG report p. 35-37, 62

Management of significant waste-related impacts

ESG report p. 35-37, 62

Waste diverted from disposal

ESG report p. 35, 62 (in %)

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken

Annual Report report p. 21-22

Occupational health and safety management system ESG report p. 42

Occupational health services

Worker participation, consultation and 
communication on occupational health and safety

ESG report p. 42

ESG report p. 42-43

Worker training on occupational health and safety

ESG report p. 42

Promotion of worker health

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 
and safety impacts directly linked by business 
relationships

Work-related injuries

Programs for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programs

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

ESG report p. 42-43

ESG report p. 42-43

ESG report p. 42

ESG report p. 48-49

ESG report p. 47-49 
Annual report p. 50 

  Diversity & Inclusion Policy

  Diversity & Inclusion webpage

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     74

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
Disclosure number

Disclosure name

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women 
to men

Operations and suppliers in which the right to 
freedom of association and collective bargaining 
may be at risk

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labour

Source

ESG report p. 49

  Human Rights Policy

  Human Rights Policy

  Global Responsible Sourcing Policy

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of forced or compulsory labour

  Human Rights Policy

Operations that have been subject to human rights 
reviews or impact assessments

ESG report p. 40 (not on operations level) 

  All of our operations are required to adhere to our Human Rights policy

Employee training on human rights policies or 
procedures

Significant investment agreements and contracts 
that include human rights clauses or that underwent 
human rights screening

Operations with local community engagement, 
impact assessments and development programs

ESG report p. 40 

  A human rights policy is included in our Code of Business Conduct, on which we train our employees 

ESG report p. 41, 62

ESG report p. 28, 30, 44-46 (not on operations level)

New suppliers that were screened using social 
criteria

Our purchase contracts contain a clause that binds suppliers to our Global Responsible Sourcing Policy. Our contracts state that suppliers must comply with all applicable 
laws, including environment, health, and safety rules, as well as that suppliers shall not use forced or involuntary  labor or corrupt business practices. 

  Global Responsible Sourcing Policy

  Suppliers and sustainability

Assessment of the customer health and safety 
impacts of product and service categories

ESG report p. 12-20 

Requirements for product and service information 
and labelling

ESG report p. 13, 16

GRI 405-2 

GRI 407-1

GRI 408-1

GRI 409-1

GRI 412-1

GRI 412-2

GRI 412-3

GRI 413-1

GRI 414-1

GRI 416-1

GRI 417-1

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     75

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSASB

Table 1. Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics 

Topic

Accounting metric

Energy 
Management

(1) Total energy consumed  
(2) Percentage grid electricity 
(3) Percentage renewable

Category

Quantitative

Unit of 
measure

Code

Data (in millions)

Gigajoules (GJ), 
Percentage (%)

FB-AB-130a.1

(1) Total GJ of energy (in millions): 58.8 
(2) Total GJ of energy purchased (in millions): 56.4  
(3) % Renewable Electricity - Operational: 39.9%. % Renewable Electricity - Contracted: 81.4%

Reference

ESG Report p. 21, 70

(1) Total water withdrawn  
(2)  Total water consumed, percentage of 

each in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress

Description of water management risks and 
discussion of strategies and practices to 
mitigate those risks

Water 
Management

Quantitative

Percentage (%), 
Billion hl

FB-AB-140a.1

(1)  Brewery water intake by source: Ground water (41.0%), Surface water (17.4%), Third party (41.6%),  

ESG report p. 29, 60, 70, 80

Rain water: (<0.1%)

Discussion and 
Analysis

N/A

FB-AB-140a.2

(2) Total water use (billion hl):1.599. Total water use by hectoliter of production (hl/hl): 2.66 

100% of sites located in high-stress areas have analyzed local water challenges.  
83% of sites located in high-stress areas have started implementation solutions.  
3 of sites located in high-stress areas have begun seeing measurable impact 
100% of our communities in high-stress areas will have measurably improved water availability and 
quality by 2025 
Water use efficiency ratio: 2.66 (hl/hl)

ESG report p. 26-30, 60

Percentage of total advertising impressions 
made on individuals at or above the legal 
drinking age

Number of incidents of non-compliance 
with industry or regulatory labeling and/or 
marketing codes

Quantitative

Percentage (%)

FB-AB-270a.1

All advertising impressions are targeted to those above the legal drinking age. 

 Marketing & Communications Code 

Quantitative

Number

FB-AB-270a.2

We follow labeling mandates in every market we operate in. Where there is not already government 
mandated labeling in place and where it is permissible by local regulation, we aim to include a 
guidance label in 100% of the eligible beer volume by 2021. By end of 2021, 100% of eligible beer 
volume included a voluntary guidance label. ESG Report p. 16

Responsible 
Drinking & 
Marketing

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with marketing 
and/or labeling practices

Quantitative

Reporting 
currency

FB-AB-270a.3

N/A 

Description of efforts to promote responsible 
consumption of alcohol

Discussion and 
Analysis

N/A

FB-AB-270a.4

98 Social Norms Marketing Campaigns launched. 450+ million USD invested in Social Norms Marketing 
Programs and Campaigns since 2016.* Minimum 3% of AB Inbev' annual media buying budget should 
be invested in Smart Drinking campaigns.  

ESG Report p. 12-20

(1) Total weight of packaging,  
(2)  Percentage made from recycled and/or 

Quantitative

Metric tons (t), 
Percentage (%)

FB-AB-410a.1

Packaging 
Lifecycle 
Management

renewable materials,

(3)  Percentage that is recyclable, reusable, and/

or compostable

Discussion of strategies to reduce the 
environmental impact of packaging 
throughout its lifecycle

Discussion and 
Analysis

N/A

FB-AB-410a.2

 Our Responsible Marketing and Communications Code  

Member of the International Alliance for Responsible Drinking (IARD). Partnership with IARD and Google. 
Partnership with IARD and the World Federation of Advertisers. 

(1) N/A  
(2) % Recycled content in primary packaging: Glass: 43.8%, Cans: 55.6%, PET: 20.0% 
(3)  Returnable packaging: 36.4%.  

 74.5% of our products were in either returnables (kegs and returnable glass bottles) or made from 
majority recycled content (cans portfolio with more than 50% recycled content)

100% of our products will be in packaging that is returnable or made from majority recycled content 
by 2025. Our packaging goal applies to our primary packaging which represents more than 83% of 
our total packaging volume by weight globally, though our work in circularity extends to secondary 
packaging and post-consumer waste.

ESG Report p. 35, 62, 70

ESG Report p. 35-37, 62

*Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes. The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     76

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
Topic

Accounting metric

Category

Unit of 
measure

Code

Data (in millions)

Reference

Environmental & 
Social Impacts of 
Ingredient Supply 
Chain

Suppliers’ social and environmental 
responsibility audit  
(1) non-conformance rate  
(2)  associated corrective action rate for (a) 
major and (b) minor non-conformances

Ingredient 
Sourcing

Percentage of beverage ingredients sourced 
from regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress

List of priority beverage ingredients 
and description of sourcing risks due to 
environmental and social considerations 

Quantitative

Rate

FB-AB-430a.1

(1) N/A 
(2) N/A  
Human rights due diligence Model, Human Rights Policy and Responsible Sourcing Policy, based on 
the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

Quantitative

Percentage (%) 
by cost

FB-AB-440a.1

N/A

Discussion and 
Analysis

n/a

FB-AB-440a.2

Our priority crops include barley, rice, hops, maize, sorghum and cassava. Social and environmental 
considerations for these supply chains are discussed in the Sustainable Agriculture and TCFD 
sections of this report. 

ESG Report p. 32-34, 88

Table 2. Activity Metrics 

Activity 
metric

Volume of 
products sold

Number of 
production 
facilities

Total fleet road 
miles traveled

Category

Unit of measure

Code

Data

Quantitative

Millions of hectoliters (Mhl)

FB-AB-000.A

581.7

Reference

Annual report p. 6

Quantitative

Number

FB-AB-000.B

•  Approximately 200 breweries in more than 50 countries
•   Approximately 40 verticalized operations (incl. hop farms and 

ESG report p. 6; Annual report p. 6

barley malting facilities)

Quantitative

Miles

FB-AB-000.C

N/A

N/A

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     77

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksUN SDGs

GRI: 102-12

We believe that the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the 17 UN SDGs are the foundation for a sustainable future. We support their advancement. In fact, we contribute directly to a majority of the UN 
SDGs through sustainability commitments and initiatives across our entire value chain.

SDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

Reference 

1.4

1.5

2.3

2.4

2.5

By 2030, ensure that all men and women, in particular the poor 
and the vulnerable, have equal rights to economic resources, 
as well as access to basic services, ownership and control over 
land and other forms of property, inheritance, natural resources, 
appropriate new technology and financial services, including 
microfinance

By 2030, build the resilience of the poor and those in vulnerable 
situations and reduce their exposure and vulnerability to 
climate-related extreme events and other economic, social and 
environmental shocks and disasters

By 2030, double the agricultural productivity and incomes of 
small-scale food producers, in particular women, indigenous 
peoples, family farmers, pastoralists and fishers, including through 
secure and equal access to land, other productive resources and 
inputs, knowledge, financial services, markets and opportunities 
for value addition and non-farm employment

By 2030, ensure sustainable food production systems and 
implement resilient agricultural practices that increase 
productivity and production, that help maintain ecosystems, 
that strengthen capacity for adaptation to climate change, 
extreme weather, drought, flooding and other disasters and that 
progressively improve land and soil quality

Increase investment, including through enhanced international 
cooperation, in rural infrastructure, agricultural research and 
extension services, technology development and plant and 
livestock gene banks in order to enhance agricultural productive 
capacity in developing countries, in particular least developed 
countries

Sustainable Agriculture

Circular Packaging

•  Implement  skills training and increase access to finance, insurance and technology for smallholder 

farmers, informal recycling collectors and small retailers in our value chain

• Conducted living income research in Uganda smallholder supply chain to inform program initiatives

• Work with farmers and communities in high-risk watersheds to increase water resilience

•  Invest in research and extension to increase farmer resilience through the adoption of sustainable 

Ethics & Transparency

farming practices and improved crop varieties

Entrepreneurship

•  Began implementation of our impact framework in recycling supply chains in Brazil and Mexico that 

work with informal collectors to identify and address potential challenges faced

•  100+ Accelerator: implementing with Litro de Luz an installation of 50 solar-powered streetlights for 

farmers in Ecuador 

•  Work with over 22,000 farmers through our direct sourcing programs, of which over 16,500 are 

smallholders

• In 2021 74% of direct farmers were Skilled, 65% were Connected and 69% were Financially Empowered

•  Implement framework in direct sourcing regions to advance a common set of soil health principles that 

leverage locally relevant practices, building on existing initiatives and developing new ones

Sustainable Agriculture

•  Invest in technology to advance crop research and variety development for barley as well as for 

smallholder crops like cassava and sorghum

•  100+ Accelerator: implementing regenerative agricultural practices on 30 hectares of land in Apan, 

Mexico, with Toroto and Verra; trialing with Soil Capital carbon credits for farmers in France who switch 
to regenerative agricultural practices

ESG report  
p. 31–46

ESG report  
p. 31–34

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     78

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

Reference 

•  > 450 million USD invested in social norms marketing programs and campaigns since 2016*

3.5

Strengthen the prevention and treatment of substance abuse, 
including narcotic drug abuse and harmful use of alcohol

3.6

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.7

5.1

5.5

5.b

By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road 
traffic accidents

By 2030, ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable 
and quality technical, vocational and tertiary education, including 
university

By 2030, substantially increase the number of youth and adults 
who have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills, 
for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship

By 2030, eliminate gender disparities in education and ensure 
equal access to all levels of education and vocational training 
for the vulnerable, including persons with disabilities, indigenous 
peoples and children in vulnerable situations

By 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills 
needed to promote sustainable development, including, among 
others, through education for sustainable development and 
sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion 
of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizenship and 
appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture’s contribution to 
sustainable development

End all forms of discrimination against all women and girls 
everywhere

Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal 
opportunities for leadership at all levels of decisionmaking in 
political, economic and public life

Enhance the use of enabling technology, in particular information 
and communications technology, to promote the empowerment 
of women

•  98 social norms marketing campaigns launched since 2016

•  100% of eligible beer volume included a guidance label in 2021 

•  27 markets implemented alcohol guidance labels in 2021

•  6.63% of our global beer volume is no- and low-alcohol beer

•  82 NABLAB brands

Smart Drinking

Road Safety

ESG report  
p. 12–20

•  118 countries utilizing the Management Practices for Safer Roads Toolkit trainings developed in 

partnership with UNITAR

•  Expanded  partnership with Together for Safer Roads to improve the operation safety of small- to mid-

size fleets

•  100+ Accelerator: implementing with Litro de Luz an installation of 60 solar-powered streetlights in La 

Libertad, Jesus de Otoro and Marcala La Paz, Honduras, to reduce road traffic accidents 

•  Implement skills training programs for smallholder farmers, informal recycling collectors and small 

retailers in our value chain, with a specific focus on engaging and empowering women

Entrepreneurship

•  Provide training and tools to suppliers to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains 

through the Eclipse platform

ESG report  
p. 44–46

•  100+ Accelerator: members of WeConnect International to support the training of women-owned 

companies to upskill their businesses in both the Accelerator and our broader value chain

Sustainable Agriculture

Circular Packaging

Entrepreneurship

Diversity & Inclusion

•  Continue to hire, develop and promote women across our organization, with women making up 14% of 
our top three leadership levels, 26% of our top five leadership levels, 34% of our salaried workforce and 
21% of our overall workforce

•  Launched individual D&I dashboards for all members of our Senior Leadership Team and colleagues in 

senior positions to track progress and ensure transparency on their own teams

•  Kicked off the second cohort of our Women’s Leadership Program, investing in 50 women leaders 

through an immersive, personalized program

ESG report  
p. 31–37, 44–49

•  Develop partnerships and programs to empower women retailers, farmers, waste collectors and 

suppliers across our value chain

•  100+ Accelerator: partner with One Young World to sponsor SDG 5 in the Lead2030 initiative; partner 

with the Female Founders Alliance to increase our pipeline of women-founded start-ups and suppliers

*Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes. The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     79

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

Reference 

6.1

6.2

6.3

6.4

6.5

6.6

6.A

6.b

7.1

7.2

7.3

7.b

By 2030, achieve universal and equitable access to safe and 
affordable drinking water for all

By 2030, achieve access to adequate and equitable sanitation and 
hygiene for all and end open defecation, paying special attention 
to the needs of women and girls and those in vulnerable situations

By 2030, improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating 
dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and 
materials, halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and 
substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally

By 2030, substantially increase water-use efficiency across 
all sectors and ensure sustainable withdrawals and supply of 
freshwater to address water scarcity and substantially reduce the 
number of people suffering from water scarcity

By 2030, implement integrated water resources management 
at all levels, including through transboundary cooperation as 
appropriate

By 2020, protect and restore water-related ecosystems, including 
mountains, forests, wetlands, rivers, aquifers and lakes

By 2030, expand international cooperation and capacity-building 
support to developing countries in water- and sanitation-
related activities and programmes, including water harvesting, 
desalination, water efficiency, wastewater treatment, recycling 
and reuse technologies

Support and strengthen the participation of local communities in 
improving water and sanitation management

By 2030, ensure universal access to affordable, reliable and 
modern energy services

By 2030, increase substantially the share of renewable energy in 
the global energy mix

•  Engage local stakeholders to identify and implement tailored solutions to improve water quality and 
availability in our communities facing water stress: 100% of sites located in high-stress areas have 
analyzed local water cchallenges, 83% of sites located in high-stress areas have started implementing 
solutions, and 3 sites located in high-stress areas are measuring impact

•  Aguas Firmes project in Mexico: supporting farmers on drip irrigation and conservation agriculture 

practices and implementing nature-based solutions

•  Amunas project in Peru: focusing on improving water availability through the restoration of ancestral 

water channels and strengthening water management capacity of rural communities

•  Identify and implement solutions to improve our operational water use efficiency through internal 

management system and innovation initiatives

Water Stewardship

• Achieved a water use efficiency ratio of 2.66 hl/hl, a 13.91% improvement since 2017

•  Continued partnership between Stella Artois and Water.org, helping provide 3.6 million people in the 

developing world with access to safe water since 2015

•  Published guide with TNC called Measuring and Evaluating the Impact of Corporate Watershed Projects 

to help practitioners develop robust measurement and evaluation plans for watershed projects

•  Published report with WWF called Waterways to Resilience, demonstrating how nature-based solutions 

can help address water challenges and support climate adaptation

•  100+ Accelerator: implementing dry, non-flush toilets that evaporate 90% of waste in Zambia with 

Change Water Labs and Live Clean Zambia; implementing nature-based solutions for sewage treatment 
into non-potable water in Bolivia with Ayala

ESG report  
p. 26–30

•  39.9% renewable electricity operational

•  81.4% renewable electricity contracted

•  Reduced purchased energy by 4.7% since 2018 

•  US operations achieved 100% renewable electricity

By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy 
efficiency

Climate

•  Announced that we will be providing renewable electricity to retailers in Brazil and access to renewable 

electricity options for retailers in Ireland

ESG report  
p. 21–25

By 2030, expand infrastructure and upgrade technology for 
supplying modern and sustainable energy services for all in 
developing countries, in particular least developed countries, 
small island developing States, and land-locked developing 
countries, in accordance with their respective programmes of 
support

•  Announced launch of renewable thermal energy projects at Magor brewery (hydrogen) and Maputo 

brewery (solar) 

•  100+ Accelerator: implementing 114 kWp in flexible lightweight solar panels at our brewery in Wuhan, 
China, with Sunman; implementing our first solar thermal installation in Mozambique with Absolicon; 
partnering with Coca Cola and Vchiller to develop refrigerators with large emissions reductions

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     80

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

Reference 

8.5

8.7

8.8

9.4

9.5

10.2

10.3

11.5

11.6

By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent 
work for all women and men, including for young people and 
persons with disabilities

Take immediate and effective measures to eradicate forced 
labor, end modern slavery and human trafficking and secure 
the prohibition and elimination of the worst forms of child labor, 
including recruitment and use of child soldiers, and by 2025 end 
child labor in all its forms

Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working 
environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in 
particular women migrants, and those in precarious employment

By 2030, upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make 
them sustainable, with increased resource-use efficiency 
and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound 
technologies and industrial processes, with all countries taking 
action in accordance with their respective capabilities

Enhance scientific research, upgrade the technological 
capabilities of industrial sectors in all countries, in particular 
developing countries, including, by 2030, encouraging innovation 
and substantially increasing the number of research and 
development workers per 1 million people and public and private 
research and development spending

By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, 
origin, religion or economic or other status

Ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of outcome, 
including by eliminating discriminatory laws, policies and 
practices and promoting appropriate legislation, policies and 
action in this regard

By 2030, significantly reduce the number of deaths and the 
number of people affected and substantially decrease the direct 
economic losses relative to global gross domestic product 
caused by disasters, including water-related disasters, with a 
focus on protecting the poor and people in vulnerable situations

By 2030, reduce the adverse per capita environmental impact 
of cities, including by paying special attention to air quality and 
municipal and other waste management

•  Employed 169,000 colleagues across our global operations

•  Conducted child labor research in our Brazil, Zambia and Uganda sourcing regions, and action plans are 

being developed based on the findings

•  Continued to develop human rights processes in our Brazilian logistics supply chain related to migrant 

workers

Ethics & Transparency

•  Reduced the number of LTIs to 283 (2019: 568)

ESG report  
p. 38–43

•  Worked in high-risk areas to reduce the risk of violent assault by focusing on efforts like going cashless 
in our Tier 2 distribution channels, actively monitoring all vehicles in high-risk areas and implementing a 
violence prevention toolkit

•  Continued to explore the use of technology to further embed and support a culture of safety by 
piloting AI safety monitoring to detect certain safety behaviors in our operations, scaling forklift-
pedestrian collision prevention technologies and trialing fatigue detection in trucks

•  5.13 kg CO2e/hl Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions per hectoliter of production

Climate

•  51.21 kg CO2e/hl Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions per hectoliter of production
•  100+ Accelerator: implementing advanced wastewater treatment for enhanced water reuse with 

Cambrian Innovations at Houston brewery; refurbishing EV batteries into onsite renewable storage 
systems at Foshan and Suqian

ESG report  
p. 21–25

Ethics & Transparency

Diversity & Inclusion

Climate

Waste Management*

Disaster Response

•  Developed a human rights risk map through our newly formed Human Rights Steering Committee, 

which provides an assessment of the possible issues present in our operations and value chain

•  Conducted living income research in Uganda smallholder supply chain to inform program initiatives

•  Trained over 9,800 colleagues in bias breaking for online performance review and trained 2,475 leaders 

in psychological safety

ESG report  
p. 38–43, 47–49

•  Provided support through disaster response measures in 11 countries- 

• Provided 2.3 million liters of emergency drinking water

•  Recycled 99.29% of the waste generated in our beverage production processes in 2021

•  14% of our total beverage facilities are recycling 100% of generated waste, considered zero waste 

ESG report  
p. 21–25, 62, 68

generation

• 69% of our beverage production facilities are reaching more than 99%  recycling rates

*Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into secondary materials versus 
the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     81

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

Reference 

12.2

12.5

12.6

12.a

By 2030, achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of 
natural resources

By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation through 
prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse

Encourage companies, especially large and transnational 
companies, to adopt sustainable practices and to integrate 
sustainability information into their reporting cycle

Support developing countries to strengthen their scientific 
and technological capacity to move towards more sustainable 
patterns of consumption and production

13.1

Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related 
hazards and natural disasters in all countries

•  36.4% volume in returnable packaging

•  55.6% recycled content in cans

•  43.8% recycled content in glass

•  20.0% recycled content in PET

Climate

Circular Packaging

•  99.8% of all our packaging materials are recyclable

• >46,000 metric tons of packaging reduced since 2018

ESG report  
p. 21–25, 35–37

•  Provide training and tools to suppliers to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains 

through the Eclipse platform

•  100+ Accelerator: building a plant in Dar al Saalam, Tanzania, with Chanzi to convert 600MT/month 

of brewery waste into 30MT of high protein, low-cost feed for poultry and aquaculture and 60 MT of 
fertilizer; testing algae production on water treatment plants to produce low-cost plant-based protein 
with Arborea

• Launched our new ambition to achieve net zero by 2040

• Set science-based target in line with 1.5 C

• Reduced  Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions 28.63%  vs. 2017 baseline

• Reduced Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 13.58% vs. 2017 baseline

Climate

Sustainable Agriculture

Circular Packaging

•  Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement 

emission reduction initiatives and work on collaborative innovations

• Announced the lease of 200 electric trucks in Colombia

•  Received an A- rating for CDP Climate disclosure

ESG report  
p. 21–25, 31–37

13.3

14.1

Improve education, awareness-raising and human and 
institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, 
impact reduction and early warning

By 2025, prevent and significantly reduce marine pollution of all 
kinds, in particular from land-based activities, including marine 
debris and nutrient pollution

Circular Packaging

•  Announced 3 carbon-neutral facilities, 2 in Brazil (Ponta Grossa and Passo Fundo) and 1 in China (Wuhan)

•  Continued investing in barley variety research on our Fort Collins facility

•  74% of our direct farmers Skilled  

•  Our global brand Corona continued to invest in plastic waste mitigation activities across markets, 

including beach cleanups, to achieve a net zero plastic footprint

•  100+ Accelerator: piloting stretch wrap that fully dissolves in water with Solutum; implementing trade 
marketing materials made from recovered ocean plastic with Atando Cabos; testing new bio-based, 
biodegradable packaging made from spent grain with MiTerro

ESG report  
p. 35–37

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     82

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksSDG

Targets

Target description

ABI strategic ESG priority

Examples of our actions

15.1

15.3

15.8

By 2020, ensure the conservation, restoration and sustainable use 
of terrestrial and inland freshwater ecosystems and their services, 
in particular forests, wetlands, mountains and drylands, in line with 
obligations under international agreements

By 2030, combat desertification, restore degraded land and soil, 
including land affected by desertification, drought and floods, 
and strive to achieve a land degradation-neutral world

By 2020, introduce measures to prevent the introduction and 
significantly reduce the impact of invasive alien species on land 
and water ecosystems and control or eradicate the priority 
species

•  Published report with WWF entitled Waterways to Resilience: Nature-based Solutions for Adaptation in 

Africa

•  Partner with The Nature Conservancy to develop and implement a framework for soil health in our direct 

Water Stewardship

sourcing regions

Sustainable Agriculture

•  Developed partnership with WWF and other stakeholders in South Africa to conduct clearing of invasive 

plant species to increase water availability and protect the watershed and biodiversity in the hops 
growing region of George, South Africa

Reference 

ESG report  
p. 26–34

16.5

Substantially reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms

Ethics & Transparency

• Launched new online trainings for colleagues covering anti-corruption and anti-money laundering

•  Utilize our compliance data analytics platform BrewRIGHT to aggregate, standardize and visualize 

company systems to identify, detect and prevent fraud and corruption within our operations 

ESG report  
p. 38–43

• Engage in industry associations and groups and multilateral organizations such as:

- UNGC CFO Taskforce

- UNGC Water Resilience Coalition

- UNITAR

- Together for Safer Roads

- World Economic Forum

ESG report  
p. 12–49

•  Launched partnership with Unilever, The Coca-Cola Company and Colgate-Palmolive to pilot, share 

Smart Drinking

Climate

Water Stewardship

Sustainable Agriculture

Circular Packaging

Ethics & Transparency

Entrepreneurship

learning and scale sustainable start-ups through the 100+ Accelerator

Diversity & Inclusion

•  Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement 

emission reduction initiatives and work on collaborative innovations

Enhance the global partnership for sustainable development, 
complemented by multi-stakeholder partnerships that mobilize 
and share knowledge, expertise, technology and financial 
resources, to support the achievement of the sustainable 
development goals in all countries, in particular developing 
countries

Encourage and promote effective public, public-private and civil 
society partnerships, building on the experience and resourcing 
strategies of partnerships

17.16

17.17

     For more information on our 100+ 

Accelerator pilots > 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     83

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
 
 
UN Global Compact index

GRI: 102-12 

We are committed to the UN Global Compact and its Ten Principles for responsible business and the SDGs. Below is a reference for where more information 
can be found in relation to each principle. 

Topic

UN Global Compact Principle

Principle 1: Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights

Principle 2: Businesses should make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses

Reference

ESG report p. 40–42

ESG report p. 40–42

Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining

ESG report p. 40–42

Principle 4: Businesses should uphold the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour

Principle 5: Businesses should uphold the effective abolition of child labor

ESG report p. 40–42

ESG report p. 40–42

Principle 6: Businesses should uphold the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation

ESG report p. 40–42, 47–49

Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges

ESG report p. 21–37, 70, 85–89

Human Rights

Labor

Environment

Principle 8: Businesses should undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility

ESG report p. 21–37, 70

Principle 9: Businesses should encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies

ESG report p. 21–37

Anti-Corruption

Principle 10: Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery

ESG report p. 38–39

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     84

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksTCFD 

GRI: 102-15

Understanding the potential climate-related risks 
and opportunities for our business and value chain 
informs our long-term strategy. We believe this 
enables us to innovate, create shared value for our 
company and our stakeholders and engage our 
consumers and future talent on the issues that 
matter to them.

Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures
As we seek to transition to a more sustainable, low-
carbon economy, we have examined our business 
using the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to 
assess and communicate risks and opportunities 
related to climate change. Our analysis assesses 
different climate risk scenarios to identify related 
actions, metrics and targets over various time 
horizons. 

We have assessed the potential risks and 
opportunities to our business and reputation that 
may come from changes in policy and law, new 
technology, evolving consumer sentiment and 
market conditions, as well as acute and chronic 
physical risks. Further, we have undertaken an 
analysis of our barley sourcing to assess the 
possible impacts of climate change as well as 
to identify areas of high production potential. 
We have used a multipronged approach for 
our analysis, engaging with academia, NGOs, 
government institutions and industry alliances to 
understand climate patterns and evaluate future 
risk.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     85

Governance
Please refer to Our ESG Governance Framework on 
page 51 of this report.  

Strategy 
In March 2018, we set our 2025 Sustainability 
Goals, which aim for holistic environmental and 
social impact in the areas most material to our 
value chain: Smart Agriculture, Water Stewardship, 
Circular Packaging and Climate Action. Through 
our Climate Action Goal, we are building climate 
resilience by committing to transition our global 
operations to 100% renewable electricity and 
reduce our GHG emissions by 25% across our 
value chain. 

In 2018, following the Intergovernmental Panel 
on Climate Change recommendation, we 
committed to reducing absolute Scopes 1 and 
2 GHG emissions by 35% by 2025 from a 2017 
base year, in line with the pathway to keep global 
warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Furthermore, 
we committed to increasing annual sourcing of 
renewable electricity from 7% in 2016 to 100% by 
2025. We also committed to reducing emissions 
across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 25% 
per beverage by 2025, from a 2017 base year. We 
included over 87% of our total Scope 3 emissions 
in our science-based target, putting us well over 
the two-thirds inclusion threshold that is required 
by the Science Based Targets initiative. 

In December 2021, we announced our ambition to 
achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040. 
With this ambition, we aim to reduce absolute 
GHG emissions, and our strategy centers on 
reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions and categories 
within Scope 3 emissions that have the most 
material impact. This includes well over 90% of our 

Scope 3 categories included in our ambition to 
achieve net zero:

the use of alternative fuel vehicles, the latter of 
which we have piloted across all our zones. 

• Purchased goods and services 

• Upstream transportation 

•  Emissions from fuel use not included in Scopes 

1 and 2 

• Downstream transportation 

• Use of sold products (product cooling) 

• End of product life 

• Waste

In 2021, about 4.5% of our emissions, or around 
1.4 million tons CO2e, came from electricity 
consumption in our own operations. We are 
committed to reducing 100% of these emissions 
by adopting 100% renewable electricity by 2025. 
Our strategy to reach this goal is based on adding 
additional renewable capacity to the grids of the 
countries where we operate, taking a market-
by-market approach to identify solutions for 
each individual grid. As members of the global 
corporate renewable energy initiative RE100, we 
follow the initiative’s guidelines with our renewable 
electricity sources coming from solar, wind, 
biomass, biogas, geothermal and water. We also 
follow RE100 guidelines on energy generation, 
leveraging self-generated energy through either 
on-site installations or off-site PPAs. 

Logistics, including upstream and downstream 
distribution, represented around 9.4% of our 
global GHG emissions in 2021. These emissions 
come from the burning of petrol, diesel and 
other fuels in all forms of transportation, 
including trucks, ships and trains. As a part of 
our commitment to reduce our GHG emissions 
by 25% per hectoliter across our value chain 
by 2025 from a 2017 base year, we are reducing 
our emissions from logistics and transportation 
through initiatives such as route optimization and 

Through the strategic plan of our 2025 Climate 
Action Goal, we estimate that we will eliminate 
over five million tons of CO2e across our value 
chain (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2025 from a 2017 
baseline.

Climate-related risks and 
impact
We evaluate transition and physical risks 
linked to climate change in line with TCFD 
recommendations. Risks associated to our 
organization are related to both our direct 
operations and supply chain, and range from 
the impact of carbon pricing in the geographies 
where we operate, to risks associated with climate 
pattern changes, to water scarcity and extreme 
weather events across our value chain. We also 
consider the risks related to market changes and 
consumer expectation as well as the impact these 
could have on our reputation as a company. 

We considered two scenarios in our analysis, 
using the recommended Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Representative 
Concentration Pathways (RCP): (1) a sustainable 
future in which global warming is limited to well 
under 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial 
levels (RCP 2.6: representing rapid alignment 
with the Paris Agreement) and (2) an extreme 
global warming scenario in which global warming 
reaches 4 degrees Celsius (RCP 8.5: representing 
a failure of policy makers to implement  the Paris 
Agreement). 

Our assessment shows that all scenarios analyzed 
present financial risks related to both transition 
and physical risks. The most significant impacts 
are reflected in our agricultural supply chain and in 
selected physical risks related to water availability, 
which are described in the findings below. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksExplanation of the 
methodology used
Our scenario analysis is based on a methodology 
that seeks to identify and measure climate-related 
risks and opportunities using a 4-step process:

1. Set time horizon:

In order to evaluate risks and opportunities, we set 
a time horizon as follows:

a. Short term: 1–5 years
b. Medium term: 5–10 years
c. Long term: 10+ years

Physical risks are assumed to be the same over the 
short and medium term. In the long term, physical 
risks are different in each scenario analyzed, as the 
likelihood of extreme weather events increases 
as temperature patterns increase. These risks are 
difficult to assess beyond 10 years. 

2. Identify, rate and rank driving forces: 

Following the recommendations of the framework, 
we evaluated risks associated to: 

a.  Policy: the environmental policies and regulatory 
considerations where our organization operates 
and the implications on our direct and indirect 
supply chain

b.  Technology: risks and opportunities associated 
to product development, manufacturing and 
production

c.  Market changes: societal changes related 
to consumer preferences and shifts in 
demographics and lifestyle choices

d.  Reputation: changing consumer or community 

preferences related to how the company 
responds to climate impact

e.  Ecological: risks associated to both chronic 
and acute physical risks, including extreme 
weather events and/or water scarcity in both 
our operations and supply chain

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     86

Set time horizon

Identify, rate and rank  
driving forces

Develop relevant scenarios

Identify and monitor warning 
signals and strategize

3.  Develop relevant scenarios:

Relevant Scenarios: The risks and opportunities 
described above were considered under two 
scenarios, taking into account the implications 
over the long, medium and short term (defined 
above). These two scenarios were built by the 
IPCC and take into consideration other analyses 
from groups such as the World Resources Institute 
(WRI) and the International Energy Agency (IEA). 

Scenario 1: Sustainable Development 

Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) 2.6 
Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS)

Peak in radiative forcing before 2100 
(490 ppm CO2) and then decline (2.6 W/m2). 
Coupled with SSP1: Rapid technology change, 
high environmental awareness, low energy, high 
economic growth and low population growth.

Scenario 2: Business-as-Usual 

Reduction of packaging materials:  
2018 - 2021 (in tons)

IPCC Representative Concentration Pathways

RCP8.5

RCP6.0

RCP4.5

RCP4.5

1,300

1,200

1,100

1000

900

800

700

600

500

400

300

)

m
p
p

(

l

t
n
e
a
v
u
q
e
-

i

O
C

2

2000

2020

2040

2060

2080

2100

Coupled with SSP5: Rapid technology for fossil 
fuels, high energy demand, high economic 
growth, low population growth.

4.  Identify and monitor warning signals and 

strategize: 

RCP 8.5 Business as Usual (BAU) – Fossil Fuel Based

Rising radiative forces leading to 8.5 W/m2 or 1370 
ppm CO2 by 2100.

The outcome of this analysis has informed our 
climate strategy as described in this report 
(pages 21–25). 

Scenario analysis outcomes 
and our related response
The following tables summarize the outcomes 
of our analysis. In the Sustainable Development 
scenario (Scenario 1), there are anticipated risks 
associated with new public policies, changing 
consumer preferences and market disruptions, 
though physical risks are assumed to be lower 
in this scenario. Under the Business-as-Usual 
scenario (Scenario 2), policy risks to the business 
are assumed to be limited in the short and 
medium term, though water scarcity and the 
likelihood of extreme weather events in this 
scenario could increase physical risks in the 
long term. In both scenarios, we provide a high-
level overview of our responses. While the two 
scenarios provide divergent potential futures, we 
believe that our current strategy will enable us 
to address the potential risks and opportunities 
presented under each scenario. 

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks 
 
 
Identified Risks by Scenario and Our Response

Type of Risk

Category

Policy

Sustainable Development Scenario

Business-as-Usual

Our Response

High

Low

In this scenario, climate regulations 
and compliance costs are expected 
to accelerate after 2025. Although no 
significant impact is identified for the 
business in the short term, we are exposed 
to the implications of fuel and energy 
taxes on our purchased energy in the 
medium to long term.

In this scenario, climate regulations are not 
expected to change significantly. No significant 
impact is identified for the business as major 
markets are not projected to release significantly 
more stringent regulations in this scenario. 

Transition Risks

Technology

Low

Low

For our total energy needs, 75% comes 
from thermal energy. In this scenario, 
adoption of low-carbon technology is 
accelerated to respond to consumer 
preferences, market pressure and 
changing regulations.  

There is no anticipated impact on current 
technology, as countries will continue business 
as usual with no increased pressure on markets, 
consumer demand or changing regulations. 
Therefore, no major risks have been identified.

Market

Unknown

Low

Consumer behavior is changing and 
demand for purpose-driven products is 
increasing, with preferences for products 
with lower emission impact. This is difficult 
to measure or model. 

Consumer behavior is changing and demand 
for purpose-driven products is increasing. In this 
scenario, this trend is not expected to accelerate in 
the medium to long term.

Our local operations in every country in which we operate evaluate relevant regulatory risks 
and opportunities. This informs strategic decisions on investments and plans related to 
carbon pricing. 

As part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we have set a science-based target to reduce our 
GHG emissions by 25% per beverage across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year 
and to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35% in the same timeframe. We 
believe this goal, coupled with our ambition to achieve net zero, can help mitigate the impact 
of potential upcoming regulations by reducing our direct emissions. Reducing our direct 
emissions will mitigate the impact on emerging regulation. Since 2017 we have reduced our 
absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by over 28%, putting us well ahead of our 2025 goal.  

We are continuously looking for opportunities to improve thermal efficiency and to switch to 
fuels from more sustainable sources. We have identified technologies in these areas to help 
lower our operational emissions as we implement them in our facilities as part of our ambition 
to achieve net zero by 2040 (for more information, see “Our Ambition to Achieve Net Zero”). 
In addition to this, we also continue to work on improving our energy efficiency with the 
opportunity to reduce operating costs. We continue to innovate and partner through our 100+ 
Accelerator and Eclipse supplier platform to identify and implement technologies that will 
help us solve existing and future challenges.

We continue to invest in our brands so that they are well positioned to meet changing 
consumer needs.

Reputation

Medium

Low

As consumer demands for more 
sustainable products increase and 
regulations become more stringent, 
reputation risk is expected to increase, 
though it is difficult to quantify.

In a business-as-usual scenario, countries are not 
expected to align to the Paris Accord. However, 
in this scenario, we would continue delivering on 
our 2025 Climate Action Goal ahead of market 
expectations. 

In this scenario, we would continue delivering on our 2025 Climate Action Goal. In the 
last 4 years, we have reduced emissions in our operations by over 28% and have reduced 
our emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by more than 13% per hectoliter. Although risk to 
reputation is difficult to measure, having a long-term ambition underpinned by short-term 
action helps strengthen our reputation with global and local stakeholders. 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     87

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksType of Risk

Category

Acute

Physical Risks

Sustainable Development Scenario

Business-as-Usual

Our Response

We depend on a reliable, quality supply of agricultural crops to create our products. 
The company employs crop research and agronomy teams and invests in agricultural 
technologies to manage raw materials costs and minimize disruptions. Across ABI’s sourcing 
regions we work to develop higher yielding, higher quality brewing crop varieties that are also 
resource efficient, disease resistant, and resilient to climate stressors such as drought. For 
barley in particular, we support farmers on their crop production practices with analytics and 
insights to improve crop management decisions from season to season.

Medium

High

Direct Operations: In this scenario, there 
is potentially a reduced risk of extreme 
weather events in the long term. Severe 
weather could potentially impact assets, 
increasing the cost of capital. As we 
continue to grow, we will assess the 
physical risk associated with both existing 
and new operating regions. 

Supply Chain: As the planet warms, there 
is a higher likelihood of yield declines 
for several crops in certain geographies 
where we operate. Our product is one 
that is highly dependent on natural 
environment, and while we do not foresee 
an immediate impact in the short term, 
risks due to extreme weather events could 
potentially impact and disrupt agricultural 
supply chains in the medium to long 
term, resulting in increased costs on our 
materials.    

Direct Operations: A business-as-usual scenario 
increases exposure to risks associated with 
extreme weather events. Nevertheless, the 
certainty of these events is difficult to measure. 
Severe weather could potentially impact assets 
and supply chains in several countries around the 
world where there is a higher risk of occurrence 
of extreme weather events as temperatures rise 
above 2 degrees. 

Supply Chain: No significant impact is expected 
to the business in the short term. In the medium to 
long term, there is a potential risk of significant raw 
material pressures due to yield decreases in crops 
such as barley, rice and maize in certain regions. 
While we do not foresee an immediate impact in 
the short term, such risks could potentially impact 
and disrupt agricultural supply chains in the 
medium to long term, resulting in increased cost 
and complexity in the supply chain.

Chronic

Medium

High

Risk of water availability is predicted to be 
lessened in this scenario. Nevertheless, 
water supply risk over the next decade 
can be expected to manifest in particular 
regions where we operate.

Risk of water availability over the next decade 
is expected to increase according to the World 
Resources Institute (WRI) and will exacerbate risk in 
a business-as-usual scenario.

Our local operations undertake detailed analysis in every country in which we operate in 
order to evaluate relevant regulatory risks and opportunities. This informs strategic decisions 
on investments and plans related to carbon pricing. 

As part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we have set a science-based target to reduce our 
GHG emissions by 25% per beverage across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year 
and to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35% in the same timeframe. We 
believe this goal, coupled with our ambition to achieve net zero, can help mitigate the impact 
of potential upcoming regulations by reducing our direct emissions. Reducing our direct 
emissions will mitigate the impact on emerging regulation. Since 2017 we have reduced our 
absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by over 28% putting us well ahead of our 2025 goal.  

We recognize the importance of continuing to analyze potential climate-related impacts and to further integrate the results of these analyses into decision-making processes as our company evolves and climate-
related science progresses. As the world’s leading brewer, we are dedicated to working toward a lower carbon economy through our 2025 Sustainability Goals as pioneers in sustainable brewing. We continue to 
refine our analysis and response as our understanding of potential future climate risks and opportunities evolves.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     88

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks2025 
Goal

4.02

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017 
(baseline)

Ⓐ Assured Metric 
 (please refer to External Assurance Report on page 94)

4.41Ⓐ

4.71Ⓐ

5.36Ⓐ

6.03Ⓐ

6.18Ⓐ

N/A

30.94Ⓐ

28.37Ⓐ

31.8Ⓐ

31.21

32.35

4.77

5.13Ⓐ

6.50Ⓐ

6.92Ⓐ

8.04Ⓐ

8.55Ⓐ

44.5 

51.21Ⓐ

53.13Ⓐ

55.3Ⓐ

57.0

59.4

39.7

43.91Ⓐ

46.63

48.38

48.96

50.85

100%

81.4%Ⓐ

70.6%Ⓐ

61.3%

50%

--

•  Our goals and data as included in the table on GHG 

emissions per hectoliter of production pertain to our 
beverage facilities only and do not encompass our vertical 
operations such as malt plants and packaging facilities.

•  Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompass 
beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including 
malt plants and packaging facilities.

•  For additional information regarding the KPIs scope please 

refer to the Report scope section on page 93.

•  Scope 1 accounts for 67.7% of our operational emissions 
and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our 
manufacturing processes and in cogeneration plants that 
generate on-site electricity. Scope 2 accounts for about 
32.3% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

•  Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix 
of supplier-based numbers, global emission factors and 
assumptions for purchased goods and services, upstream 
and downstream distribution, product cooling (including 
on and off premise but excluding at-home cooling) and 
end of product life. Around 50% of emissions are calculated 
with own data or data reported by suppliers through the 
CDP. We currently use a hybrid approach to measure 
Scope 3 data, leveraging a mix of supplier reported data 
and industry available data. We expect that our ambition to 
achieve net zero and the supporting data may be revised as 
measurement standards, modeling methodology and the 
level of data granularity improve over time.

*  Renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: 

operational electricity and contracted electricity. Our 
primary strategy is to help fund new build renewable 
electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, 
we believe it is important to report both metrics. The 
contracted electricity metric tracks the commitments we 
have already made to our 100% renewable electricity goal, 
while our operational electricity measures our actual annual 
realization.

Metrics and Targets

Our 2025 Climate Action Goal 

Metric

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions 
(Scopes 1 and 2 in million metric tons 
CO2e)
Total direct and indirect GHG emissions 
(Scopes 1, 2 and 3 in million metric tons 
of CO2 e)
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions per 
hectoliter of production (in kg CO2 e/hl) 
Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions per 
hectoliter of production (in kg CO2 e/hl)

Scope 3 GHG emissions per hectoliter of 
production (in kgCO2e/hl)
% Renewable electricity (contracted)*

For more information: 

    Our ambition to achieve net zero> 
     Science Based Targets Companies 

Taking Action >

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     89

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksWEF Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics 

This index references the WEF Stakeholder Capitalism Core Metrics where they may align with our disclosures.

Theme

Governing Purpose

Quality of Governing Body

Core Metric

Setting purpose

Board composition

Reference

Annual report p. 8–9

  Our Board

Corporate Governance Statement of the 
Annual Report

Stakeholder Engagement

Impact of material issues on stakeholder

ESG report p. 56-58

Ethical Behavior

Anti-corruption

ESG report p. 38–39

Protected ethics advice and reporting 
mechanisms

  Global Anti-Corruption Policy

ESG report p. 38–39

  Global Whistleblower Policy

Risk and Opportunity Oversight

Integrating risk and opportunity into 
business process

ESG report p.85-89

Climate Change

Nature Loss

Fresh Water Availability

Dignity and Equality

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

ESG report p. 21–25, 61, 70

TCFD-implementation

ESG report p. 85–89

Land use and ecological sensitivity

ESG report p. 26–34, 66

Water consumption and withdrawal in 
water-stressed areas

ESG report p. 26–30, 60, 70

Diversity and inclusion

ESG report p. 47–49, 55

Pay equality

Wage level

ESG report p. 49

Corporate Governance Statement of the 
Annual Report

Risk for incidents of child, forced or 
compulsory labor

ESG report p. 40–42

  Global Human Rights Policy 

Health and Well-being

Skills for the Future

Health and safety

Training provided

ESG report p. 42–43

ESG report p. 63-67

Wealth Creation and Employment

Number and rate of employment

ESG report p. 67

Economic contribution

ESG report p. 7

Financial investment contribution

Innovation in Better Products and 
Services

R&D spend 

Consolidated financial statements of the 
Annual Report

Management report of the Annual Report

Community and Social Vitality

Community investment

ESG report p. 7

Total tax paid

Management report of the Annual Report

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     90

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksEU Taxonomy

Overview of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation
This section contains the EU Taxonomy disclosures 
required by Article 8 of Regulation 2020/852 
(the EU Taxonomy Regulation). Article 9 of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation identifies the following six 
environmental objectives:

a) climate change mitigation,

b) climate change adaption,

c)  the sustainable use and protection of water and 

marine resources,

d) the transition to a circular economy,

e) pollution prevention and control,

f)  the protection and restoration of biodiversity 

and ecosystems.

The EU has published a catalog of economic 
activities that can be considered for the first 
two environmental objectives: climate change 
mitigation and climate change adaptation (the 
Climate Delegated Regulations). The sectors 
currently covered include energy, selected 
manufacturing activities, transport and buildings.

For reporting in 2021, only the proportion of 
Taxonomy-eligible economic activities in turnover, 
capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating 
expenditure (OpEx) are required to be disclosed. 
Taxonomy-alignment will be determined and 
disclosed in subsequent reporting years.

1)  electricity generation from renewable resources,

2)  production/co-generation of heat/cool and 

power from renewable resources,

3)  construction, extension and renewal of water/

wastewater facilities,

4)  installation, maintenance and repair of 
equipment, devices and technologies 
improving energy efficiency, and

5)  leasing of low-/zero-emission vehicles.

As these activities are not tied directly to our 
core revenue-generating activities, our current 
Taxonomy-eligible CapEx and OpEx ratios are 
by year-end 2021 approximately 1%1 and 2%2 
respectively. 

Initial application of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation
The amounts used for the calculation of the 
turnover, CapEx and OpEx ratios are based on 
the reported data in the consolidated financial 
statements included in the 2021 Annual Report to 
which this report is an annex.

We have concluded that our core economic 
activities related to producing and selling beer 
are not covered by the Climate Delegated Act 
and consequently are at present not considered 
Taxonomy-eligible. As none of our revenue-
generating activities are described currently in the 
Climate Delegated Regulations, our EU Taxonomy-
eligible turnover for 2021 is zero. If and when the 
specific economic activity “manufacturing of food 
products and beverages” is added to the future 
Delegated Regulations, we expect our KPI for 
Taxonomy-eligible turnover to increase.

Further, we identified Taxonomy-eligible CapEx 
and OpEx in the following types of activities: 

Current other activities and 
outlook on our potential for 
Taxonomy-eligibility going 
forward
It is important to note that “non-eligibility” under 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation refers to the fact 
that the activities at present remain outside of 
the scope of the economic activities for which 
technical screening criteria have been developed 
under the Delegated Regulations. As such, it is 
relevant to clarify that turnover, CapEx and OpEx 
currently considered non-eligible under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation should not be interpreted 
as an indication of our performance in pursuing 
or having attained our sustainability objectives. 
Additionally, we would expect these KPIs to 
increase as the four remaining environmental 
objectives are added to the Delegated 
Regulations and additional activities are included 
in the criteria for all environmental objectives. 

We continue to explore ways to reduce our 
emissions through our commercial strategy and 
invest in the decarbonization of our operations 
and value chain as part of our 2025 Climate 
Action Goal and our ambition to achieve 
net zero by 2040. We will continue to assess 
our Taxonomy-eligible and aligned activities 
considering the evolving legal framework of the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation and to further integrate 
the requirements of the EU Taxonomy framework 
in our business model and reporting policies and 
procedures. 

1.  CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible CapEx (numerator) divided by our total CapEx (denominator). Total CapEx includes additions to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (excluding Goodwill), and 

right-of-use assets, including additions resulting from business combinations. Our total CapEx can be reconciled to notes 13 and 15 of our consolidated financial statements.

2.  OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible OpEx (numerator) divided by our total OpEx (denominator). Total OpEx consists of direct non-capitalised costs that relate to research and development, building 

renovation measures, short-term lease and maintenance and repair.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     91

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksReport scope

GRI: 102-46, 102-48, 102-49, 102-54

This report provides information about the progress toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals 
and Global Smart Drinking Goals and covers relevant and significant environmental, social 
and governance topics for the 2021 calendar year, complementing our 2021 Annual Report. 

Our 2021 Environmental, Social & Governance 
Report is an annex to the 2021 Annual Report that 
serves as our non-financial reporting on corporate 
social responsibility matters in accordance with 
article 3:6, §4 and 3:32, §2 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations, which implement 
Directive 2014/95/EU of 22 October 2014 
amending Directive 2013/34/EU.

Alongside our environmental sustainability and 
Smart Drinking initiatives, information on our 
eight strategic ESG priorities—Smart Drinking 
& Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, 
Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Ethics 
& Transparency, Entrepreneurship and Diversity 
& Inclusion— can be found on pages 12–49 of 
this report. Additional information on topics 
such as employee engagement, product quality, 
volunteering and disaster response are included 
in the ESG index of this report (pages 60–69). 
These sections are intended to provide updates 
to stakeholders, including investors, colleagues, 
governments, NGOs, customers and consumers in 
countries where we operate. 

AB InBev prepared the 2021 AB InBev ESG Report 
(these chapters and website) using the Global 
Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards and the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Standards as guides. To help determine the 
content developed, a materiality assessment was 
conducted, which helped identify the key issues 
that are of most importance to our stakeholders 
and our company. Our materiality assessment 
may be found in the Governance and Stakeholder 
Engagement section of this report on page 56, 

and the GRI and the SASB indices are included in 
the ESG Index and Reporting Frameworks section 
starting on page 71. 

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals and overall 
sustainability agenda align with several of the 
UN SDGs established by the United Nations in 
2015. Activities throughout our operations and 
supply chain are aligned to the metrics that are 
considered the most material to our business 
and critical to our stakeholders. We are focused 
on areas where we can make the most significant 
positive impact. 

The data and stories presented in this report 
were gathered and verified with the assistance 
of content owners across all functions and 
geographic zones. 

AB InBev has established processes for accurate 
and consistent reporting of Smart Drinking, 2025 
Sustainability Goals and safety performance data, 
as well as key performance indicators (KPIs). In 
the Assurance Report of the Independent Auditor 
(page 94) and in key places throughout the report 
(pages 42 and 70), we we have identified which 
metrics have been externally assured by KPMG. 

Environmental data from newly acquired 
operations are excluded from the running cycle. 
These facilities will be included in future reporting. 
Safety data is immediately tracked and monitored 
for all sites and included unless otherwise stated 
in text or footnotes. For all environmental and 
safety data, divestitures and closures are removed 
from the scope for the reporting year, but prior 
years are not adjusted. 

End of year incident data in this report is captured 
in mid-January of the following year and validated 
based on information from that point in time. 
Injuries may develop and change status based on 
further medical diagnosis, treatment and incident 
management. This is a consistent practice to 
enable accurate year-over-year data comparison 
of a single point in time. Subsequent changes 
to the injury classification in the years following 
the reporting year are not taken into account 
for current year’s reporting purposes nor in the 
comparative data of prior years. 

Global goals on water, energy purchased and 
GHG emissions presented in this report, as well 
as KPIs such as energy usage, include AB InBev’s 
wholly owned, which includes both our beverage 
and vertical operations unless stated otherwise 
in text or footnotes. Energy usage and purchased 
excludes the energy exported to third parties 
and certain projects under construction. The 
excluded energy use and purchase does not 
reflect the amount of energy used in our beer 
brewing processes. For our beverage and vertical 
operations, including malting and packaging 
facilities, we use our operations management 
system VPO. The key performance indicators 
energy usage, water usage and Scope 1 and 2 
emissions per hectoliter of production (in kg 
CO2 /hl) exclude vertical operations. This data is 
reported annually to CDP. Specific data tables 
contain footnotes for additional data. Special 
Operations are operations that fulfill one or more 
criteria including, but not limited to: reduced 
volume, low number of FTEs, complexity of brand 

mix, unusual products or production processes—
are excluded from the reporting scope. The 
potential impact of the 74 SOPs facilities 
accounted for in 2021 is estimated to be 2.2% of 
the total Scope 1 and 2 emissions. The following 
assumptions are applied for the calculation of this 
percentage: 1) country average of Scope 1 and 2 
emissions per hl is applied, 2) average production 
volume per country is applied, 3) for experimental 
centers, the tons of CO2 applied are the same as 
the ones for small facilities, and 4) for the SOPs 
verticalized operations, emissions averages from 
larger existing sites apply. 

For 2021, renewable electricity is reported by two 
metrics: operational electricity and contracted 
electricity. Our primary strategy is to help fund 
new build renewable electricity projects, and 
as these can take time to build, we believe it is 
important to report both metrics. The contracted 
electricity metric tracks the commitments 
we have already made to our 100% renewable 
electricity goal, while our operational electricity 
measures our actual annual realization. 

For recycled content calculation, a weighted 
average of recycled content is calculated 
based on purchases for each supplier and 
recycled content in the material. Our packaging 
goal applies to our primary packaging which 
represents more than 83% of our total packaging 
volume by weight globally, though our work in 
circularity extends to secondary packaging 
and post-consumer waste. For packaging 
that is not returnable—namely one-way glass 
bottles, aluminum cans and PET bottles—we 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     92

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksare committed to reaching a minimum of 50% 
recycled content. Data on recycled content 
percentage is provided by suppliers and tracked 
on a regular basis. Packaging purchases are 
derived from AB InBev’s owned procurement 
system. In 2019 we started with suppliers’ audits to 
further assess reliability of the recycled content 
data. While we were not able to complete planned 
visits due to COVID-19 in 2020 and again in 2021, 
we were still able to engage with suppliers virtually, 
discussing their key performance indicators, 
measurements and main projects to enable 
improving recycled content. We were able to run 
several engagements across different zones and 
categories, and we collect data from our suppliers 
to calculate our recycled content progress. Our 
aim in 2022 is to resume supplier visits and to 
launch a website for suppliers to input data on 
recycled content that would help to improve 
frequency, visibility and quality of data collection. 

Corona’s Net Zero Plastic Footprint refers to 
the brand recovering more plastic from the 
environment than it releases into the world. 
Achieving this milestone comes after an extensive 
external assessment by South Pole, a leading 
climate solutions provider, of Corona’s global 
operations against the 3RI Corporate Plastic 
Stewardship Guidelines. The brand also followed 
the Verra Plastic Waste Reduction Standard to 
calculate the impact of Corona’s mitigation 
activities.

For Scope 1 and 2 emissions calculation, the 
facilities in scope described above are included. 
Scope 3 emissions, which account for information 
beyond our operations and that impact our supply 
chain, are estimated values based on a mix of own 
and third-party data. Total percentage of Scope 
3 emissions follow the Science Based Targets 
initiative, where at least 66% of emissions are to 
be included in target scope. Approximately 50% 
of Scope 3 data is own data and data provided by 
suppliers via CDP. 

CDP data is used to calculate supplier-based 
emissions of raw and packaging materials used 
in the manufacturing of beer. A hybrid approach 
that has been validated by the Science Based 
Targets initiative and CDP is used, which entails 
a mix of own data, supplier data and market 
estimates. Scope 3 includes the following out of 
the 15 categories: purchased good and services, 
upstream and downstream distribution, emissions 
related to fuel use not included in Scope 1 and 2,  
use of product (product cooling, including on and 
off premise and excluding at-home cooling) and 
end of product life. Categories excluded include: 
capital good, waste generated in operations 
(more than 99% of waste generated is recycled), 
business travel, employee commuting, upstream 
and downstream leased assets, processing of 
sold products, franchises and investments. These 
categories represent approximately less than 10% 
of total Scope 3 emissions. We expect that our 
ambition to achieve net zero and the supporting 
data may be revised as measurement standards, 
modeling methodology and the level of data 
granularity improve over time. 

This report contains forward-looking statements 
regarding estimations into the future. These 
generally include words and/or phrases such 
as “will likely result,” “aims to,” “will continue,” 
“is anticipated,” “it is estimated,” “anticipate,” 
“estimate,” “project,” “result,” “is predicted,” 
“may,” “might,” “could,” “believe,” “expect,” “plan,” 
“potential” or other similar expressions. These 
statements are subject to uncertainties and are 
out of scope of assurance. Actual results may 
differ from those stated in this report due to, but 
not limited, the impact of climate change, water 
stress, financial distress, negative publicity, our 
availability to hire and/or retain the best talent, 
emerging regulations and reputation of our 
brands, the ability to make acquisitions and/
or divest divisions, access to capital, volatility 
in the stock market, exposure to litigation and 
other associated risks not mentioned, as well as 
risks identified in our Form 20-F filed with the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional 
information about AB InBev’s climate and water 
risks, management and performance of such is 
available through CDP.

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     93

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksLimited Assurance report of 
the Independent Auditor 

GRI: 102-56

To the readers of the Anheuser-Busch InBev 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social & Governance Report

Introduction
We were engaged to provide limited assurance 
on the following information in the Anheuser-
Busch InBev 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social 
& Governance Report (hereafter ‘the Selected 
Information’) of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
(hereafter ‘AB InBev’) based in Leuven, Belgium:

•  Water Use by Hectoliter of Production and Total 

Water Use (page 70)

•  Total Energy purchased and Energy purchased 

per Hectoliter of Production (page 70)

•  Percentage of purchased (operational) 

electricity from renewable sources (page 70)

•  Percentage of contracted electricity from 

renewable sources (page 70)

•  Total Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions and GHG 
Emissions per Hectoliter of Production (page 70)

•  Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) 

and total GHG Emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3 
Emissions) per Hectoliter of Production (page 70)

•  Percentage of returnable primary packaging 

(page 70)

•  Percentage of recycled content in primary 

packaging (page 70)

•  Lost Time Injuries (LTI) – Supply Employees (own), 

Second Tier and Sales Employees (page 42)

•  Total Recordable Injuries (TRI) – Supply 

Employees (own) (page 42)

•  Fatalities (page 42)

The information reviewed as part of our limited 
assurance engagement has been indicated 
throughout the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social 
& Governance Report with the symbol ‘Ⓐ’. 

Conclusion
Based on our procedures performed and 
evidence obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the 
Selected Information is not prepared, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the applied 
reporting criteria as disclosed in the section 
‘Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev 
Environmental, Social & Governance Report.  

Basis for our conclusion 
We have performed our review on the Selected 
Information in accordance with the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000: 
“Assurance Engagements other than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information”, issued 
by the International Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board.

This review engagement is aimed at obtaining 
a limited level of assurance. Our responsibilities 
under this standard are further described in the 
section ‘Our responsibilities for the review of the 
Selected Information’ of our report.

Our conclusion has been formed on the basis 
of, and is subject to, the matters outlined in this 
report.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion.

Scope of the group review 
AB InBev is the parent company of a group of 
entities. The Selected Information incorporates 
the consolidated information of this group of 
entities as disclosed in the section ‘Report Scope’ 
on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, 
Social & Governance Report.

Our group review procedures consisted of both 
review procedures at corporate (consolidated) 
level and at site level. Our selection of sites in 
scope of our review procedures is primarily 
based on the site’s individual contribution to 
the consolidated information. Furthermore, our 
selection of sites considered relevant reporting 
risks and geographical spread.

By performing our procedures at site level, 
together with additional procedures at corporate 
level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and 
appropriate evidence about the group’s reported 
information to provide a basis for our conclusion 
on the Selected Information.

Responsibilities of the Board 
of Directors for the Selected 
Information
The Board of Directors of AB InBev is responsible 
for the preparation of the Selected Information 

in accordance with the applied reporting criteria 
as described in the section ‘Report Scope’ on 
page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, 
Social & Governance Report, including the 
identification of stakeholders and the definition 
of material matters. The choices made by the 
Board of Directors of AB InBev regarding the 
scope of the information in the 2021 AB InBev 
Environmental, Social & Governance Report and 
the reporting policy are summarized in the section 
‘Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev 
Environmental, Social & Governance Report.

The Board of Directors is also responsible for 
such internal control as the Board of Directors 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation 
of the Selected Information that is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 

Our responsibilities for 
the review of the Selected 
Information
Our responsibility is to carry out a limited 
assurance engagement and to express a 
conclusion based on the work performed. We 
conducted our engagement in accordance with 
International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements other 
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information, issued by the International 
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. That 
Standard requires that we plan and perform the 

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     94

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks•  Remote visits to seven production sites in South-

Africa, Brazil, China, the United Kingdom, the 
United States of America (two sites) and Mexico 
aimed at, on a local level, validating source data 
and evaluating the design and implementation of 
internal control and validation procedures;

•  Reviewing relevant internal and external 

documentation, on a limited test basis, in order 
to determine the reliability of the Selected 
Information;

•  Preliminary and final analytical review procedures 

to confirm our understanding of trends in the 
Selected Information at site and corporate level.

Antwerp, 24 February 2022 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - Réviseurs d’Entreprises

Mike Boonen 
Partner

engagement to obtain limited assurance about 
whether the Selected Information is free from 
material misstatement.

Procedures performed in an assurance 
engagement to obtain a limited level of 
assurance are aimed to determine the plausibility 
of information and are less extensive than a 
reasonable assurance engagement. The level 
of assurance obtained in limited assurance 
engagements is therefore substantially less than 
the level of assurance obtained in a reasonable 
assurance engagements. 

Misstatements can arise from fraud or errors and 
are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the decisions of users taken on the 
basis of the Selected Information. The materiality 
affects the nature, timing and extent of our review 
procedures and the evaluation of the effect of 
identified misstatements on our conclusion.

We apply the International Standard on 
Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintain 
a comprehensive system of quality control 
including documented policies and procedures 
regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 

We have complied with the independence 
and other ethical requirements of the of 
the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International 
Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), which is 
founded on fundamental principles of integrity, 
objectivity, professional competence and due 
care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. 

We have exercised professional judgement 
and have maintained professional scepticism 
throughout the review, in accordance with 
the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements (ISAE) 3000, ethical requirements 
and independence requirements. 

Procedures performed
Our limited assurance engagement on the 
Selected Information consists of making 
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for 
the preparation of the Selected Information, and 
applying analytical and other evidence gathering 
procedures, as appropriate. These procedures 
included, among others:

•  Identifying areas of the Selected Information 

where material misstatements are likely to arise, 
designing and performing limited assurance 
procedures responsive to those areas, and 
obtaining assurance evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion;

•  Developing an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the limited assurance engagement in 
order to design assurance procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for 
the purpose of expressing a conclusion on the 
effectiveness of the company’s internal control;

•  Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting 
criteria used and their consistent application, 
including the reasonableness of estimates made 
by management and related disclosures to the 
Selected information;

•  Interviewing relevant staff responsible for 
providing the information, for carrying out 
internal control procedures on the Selected 
Information and consolidating the data in 
the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social & 
Governance Report;

AB InBev - Environmental, Social & Governance Report 2021     95

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksThe images of colleagues and partners included in this report are compliant with local COVID 19 guidelines at the time they were taken.

We dream big to create a future with more cheers At AB InBev, we are reimagining the future together. 2021 was a transformative year, one in which we challenged ourselves to lead and grow our category, offer new ways to meet life’s moments and make a more meaningful impact on our communities and the world.

Our ambition to lead and grow the beer category is reinforced by our shared belief and clear intention to enable a sustainable and inclusive future.

That is why we introduced our new global purpose: We dream big to create a future with more cheers.

It is about adopting a larger sense of leadership to cultivate shared prosperity and long term value creation.

Reflecting our commitment to long term value creation, we are evolving our ESG agenda to better address a changing world, enable our commercial vision and fulfill our company purpose.

A future with more cheers is shared prosperity, for our communities, for the planet and for our company.

When we dream big to create a future with more cheers, we envision a future with more sustainability, innovation, inclusivity, natural ingredients and local impact.

We remain committed to the principles of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and were honored to be named a LEAD company in recognition of our ongoing determination to help achieve the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Beer is a formidable engine for economic growth and sustainable development and a driving force for promoting social norms centered on responsibility and moderation.

Sustainability is good business and foundational to our company.

From building a resilient and agile value chain, to solidifying our role as a trusted partner in local communities, to identifying and capturing new sources of business value, sustainability plays a key role in fulfilling our company purpose and enabling our commercial vision.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks to driving business outcomes and delivering shared value through our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) agenda. small retailers, promoting financial literacy and creating sustainable local growth through digital transformation.

We sharpened our focus on eight strategic ESG priorities to deliver on our commercial strategy: Smart Drinking Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Ethics Transparency, Entrepreneurship and Diversity Inclusion.

We are energized to have launched our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040 and to have announced our first carbon neutral breweries in Wuhan, China, and Ponta Grossa, Brazil, as well as our first carbon neutral malthouse in Passo Fundo, Brazil.

We are uniquely positioned with a portfolio of iconic brands, route to market and consumer first mindset to lead and grow the category while catalyzing sustainable transformation across our value chain.

We are proud to have been recognized by CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) as a 2021 Supplier Engagement Leader for partnering with our supply chain to drive an equitable transition toward a net zero future.

We are supporting entrepreneurs who are the backbone of local economies.

We work closely with small and medium sized businesses across our value chain from tens of thousands of farmers, suppliers and recycling collectors to millions of retailers.

As employers and innovators, these entrepreneurs play an important role in local communities, and we aim to further strengthen their development and growth.

We continued to support our colleagues and community recovery efforts.

We are grateful for our colleagues who demonstrated sustained passion and resilience, and we were humbled to see that our annual employee engagement index increased by 4pp in another challenging year.

We continued donating medical supplies and promoting vaccine awareness and access in our communities.

We also ramped up our support for small businesses such as pubs and restaurants across the hospitality sector.

Our purpose is evident throughout this report, and we are excited to share with you the progress we made against our ESG commitments and ambitions.

The future of business and of the planet is inclusive.

We are proud to lead the way to that future, and to be a next generation business today.

As always, we welcome your feedback and partnership.

Please join us as we dream big to create a future with more cheers.

But more cheers means so much more than just more toasts.

It means more sustainability, more innovation, more inclusivity, more natural ingredients, more local impact, more prosperity for all.

To us, a future with more cheers is Shared Prosperity, for our communities, for the planet and for our company.

It is growth that is inclusive, value that is shared, and wins for the world that are truly worth celebrating.

To lead and grow our category and to help create a sustainable, equitable future for all, we have developed goals and programs to build environmental resilience, reduce the harmful consumption of alcohol and promote inclusive growth and sustainable livelihoods across our value chain.

This report covers our approach to assessing and managing the issues most material to our business and outlines the progress we made in 2021.

It also includes our governance and policies that support the inclusion of our goals and programs in decision making processes and the way we conduct our business to adhere to the highest standards of business integrity and ethics.

Our reporting takes into consideration key non financial indicators and guidance from frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the UN Guiding Principles reporting framework, CDP Water and Climate, the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and the relevant United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).

AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report 2021 4 to include a section with a more comprehensive ESG index and reporting frameworks such as GRI, SASB, the UN SDGs, UN Global Compact, TCFD, the World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics and the EU Taxonomy (page 71 91).

As a proud member of the UN Global Compact for over a decade, we work to support the achievement of the UN SDGs.

We recognize that collective action is imperative for advancement, and we focus our efforts where we can have the greatest impact.

In fact, we contribute to many of the UN SDGs through sustainability initiatives across our entire value chain.

For more information on the actions we are taking to advance specific SDG indicators, please see the UN SDGs Index on page 78 of this report.

Our 2021 ESG Report offers our stakeholders greater visibility on how we are working to fulfill our vision of creating a future with more cheers by integrating sustainability, responsibility and purpose into our business strategy and actions.

This report serves as our annual communication on progress to the UN Global Compact and is an annex to the 2021 Annual Report that serves as our non financial reporting on corporate social responsibility matters in accordance with article 3:6, 4 and article 3:32, 2 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, which implement Directive 2014 95 EU of 22 October 2014 amending Directive 2013 34 EU.

We believe that the future of business and of the planet is inclusive.

Our commitment to improving the communities we are a part of remains unwavering.

We are proud to lead the way to that future and to be a next generation business today.

We look ahead to 2022 and beyond with a renewed vision and focus to create a future with more cheers through greater Shared Prosperity.

We have a diverse geographic footprint spanning nearly 50 countries worldwide.

Our portfolio of more than 500 iconic global and local brands represents one in every four beers sold.

Percentages are based on share of AB InBev worldwide excluding global export and holding companies.

Farmers We value our relationships with our farmers, who provide natural ingredients for our products.

Our mutual collaboration is a key element to creating a sustainable supply of high quality ingredients that our products demand.

That is why we invest in programs such as SmartBarley, our flagship agricultural development program, which is led by our agronomists to help growers improve their profitability and contributes toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Communities We are an integral part of the communities where we live and work.

We strive to make a positive and lasting impact in our communities, advancing initiatives in areas such as sustainability, financial inclusion, COVID 19 vaccinations, Smart Drinking and road safety, often through partnerships.

Distributors Our distributors ensure our products are available where consumers want them.

We are seeking to optimize our operations for greater efficiency in a way that is in line with our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Brewers Manufacturers We have operations in nearly 50 countries, consisting of approximately 200 breweries and 40 verticalized operations including hop farms and barley malting facilities.

Our brewers and manufacturers use their knowledge, expertise and innovation to transform ingredients and raw materials into a product that consumers love by brewing, bottling, packaging and developing our products.

Customers Millions of retail customers play a critical role for our business as an important point of connection with our consumers.

We partner with retailers, bar owners and wholesalers to bring our beers to our consumers, while supporting their business growth, striving to provide best in class service as well as pursuing extraordinary execution of our brands on and off premise.

Consumers In the last step, but perhaps the most important of all, consumers enjoy our beer.

We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments, and we connect with our consumers by offering meaningful brand experiences, in a responsible way.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworksOur commitment to a future with more cheers Beer and brewers are at the heart of communities throughout the world.

Every year, our value chain generates jobs and wages directly through brewing, distributing and selling our beers.

Indirectly, we’re buying from suppliers and supporting the economic activity that results from our colleagues spending their wages.

New estimates from Oxford Economics state that the global economic contribution of the beer industry was 555 billion USD in 2019, involving 23 million jobs.

The study was based on 70 countries, covering 89% of beer sold worldwide.

Particularly, the report notes that the beer sector is significantly more important to the national economy of low income and lower middle income countries, contributing 1.6% of national GDP vs. an average of 0.9% in high income countries, and 1.4% of national employment vs. an average of 1.1% in high income countries.

Further, the skills required and developed by brewers, especially multinational ones, help to raise intrinsic average productivity and benefit the wider economy.

Oxford Economics estimates that our contribution accounts for approximately 27% of the total global economic contribution of the beer industry.

Note: Subtotals may not sum to totals due to rounding.

During the prolonged difficulties from COVID 19 for businesses throughout the world and especially in hospitality sectors, our role in supporting suppliers and customers to sustain incomes and livelihoods across the economy has become more important than ever.

Our efforts to increase the economic power of our suppliers and customers, including offering access to formalized finance and business planning tools, are enhanced by our digital platforms.

Combined with the transfer of knowledge across borders through our internal excellence programs, these efforts bring added value to national economies.

AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report 2021 7 in every 131 GDPThe beer sector was linked in some way to 1 in every 131 of GDP generated globally in 2019.1 in every 110 jobsThe global beer sector was in some way responsible for 1 in every 110 jobs in the global economy in 2019.Brewers paid some 16 billionin wages and salaries to their employees in 2019.Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks We continue to support our communities in response to We are deeply connected to our communities.

We have witnessed firsthand the impact COVID 19 has had on our business partners, our colleagues and our consumers.

In 2021, many of our efforts to help our communities focused on vaccination access and awareness, donation of medical supplies and support to the hospitality sector during reopening.

In May, our team in India worked with state governments, medical institutions and NGOs to equip more than 50 villages in the country with over 300 oxygen concentrators, more than 500,000 medical grade surgical masks and over 5,000 COVID 19 testing kits.

We have also donated more than 900,000 meals benefiting approximately 8,000 families.

Our team also set up a COVID 19 hospital bed extension with ICU facilities in Bengaluru to address the immediate requirement of critical care units.

We leveraged the social norms marketing capabilities that we developed for our Smart Drinking initiatives to support the rollout of COVID 19 vaccines.

A government guide on how to organize a successful public campaign in support of the national COVID 19 vaccination efforts.

A company guide on how to engage governments in support of their COVID 19 vaccination campaigns.

The toolkit provides an analysis of the impact of COVID 19 on sustainable development and the uptake of protective behaviors.

It also offers practical guidelines focused on planning and developing vaccine communication campaigns and using social norms interventions to promote vaccine uptake.

UNITAR is training government officials using the toolkit at its 27 training centers globally.

To date, the guide has been deployed across seven countries: Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Russia and South Africa.

This is a remarkable effort led by a global company and we are excited to be part of it.

Many of our brands contributed to vaccination efforts around the world by offering free beer or other prizes as incentives for people.

In the US, we decided that for the first time in 37 years, Budweiser would not air its iconic Super Bowl ad and instead reallocated the media investment toward vaccination education.

We also partnered with the US Administration to support its vaccination efforts by offering a free beer to those 21 who got their first vaccine dose.

Our team at South African Breweries ran a vaccine awareness campaign during Vooma Vaccination week.

Initiatives also included a vaccination drive for the restaurant industry and donations of medical supplies to support the local healthcare system.

In Colombia, our Bavaria brand joined forces with the Santo Domingo Foundation, Caracol Televisi n, Coca Cola and Alquer a to raise awareness about the importance of vaccination.

Our logistical efforts included providing vaccination sites in South Africa, Peru, the US, Argentina, Ecuador and Mexico.

Our brands donated freezers, coolers and antibacterial gels to help with the storage and distribution of vaccine doses in Brazil, Bolivia, Mexico and Peru.

We also purchased vaccines to help increase availability in our communities.

For instance, in Mozambique, Cervejas de Mo ambique (CDM) donated 1 million USD toward the purchase of vaccines.

In the spring of 2021, as the long awaited reopening of the hospitality sector rolled out in countries such as the UK, Belgium and the Netherlands, we lent our support to the millions of pubs, restaurants and retailers in the recovery.

For example, Stella Artois started a tipping movement to show gratitude to the hospitality staff across the UK and to help kick start their income during the reopening.

Through our Stella Tips campaign, for every pint of Stella Artois served, we committed to tipping 1 to staff behind the bar, encouraging consumers to do the same.

In the UK alone, we gave tips to more than 20,000 bar staff.

When terraces reopened in Belgium in May, the Leffe Merci Horeca activation encouraged consumers to show their appreciation with a tip when buying a beer and pledged to donate 1 for every Leffe ordered.

In the Netherlands, Hertog Jan brewed a special limited edition beer called Het Weerzien (The Reunion).

Proceeds from online sales of Het Weerzien went toward supplying local hotels, restaurants and caf s in the Netherlands with 2,000 free casks of beer to celebrate reopening.

Our teams also provided practical, in person support.

In the UK, we doubled our production to help pub and bar partners get ready for outdoor reopening in April.

We also supported the on trade, offering deferred rent payments and rent reductions, free tap cleaning services and keg restocks.

The support and leadership that AB InBev has demonstrated globally in the fight against the pandemic is outstanding.

The company is setting an example for others to follow through its approach to partnerships and building evidence based interventions like the vaccine toolkit.

Our ESG strategy, goals and programs come down to a simple insight: By virtue of our integration in local communities, our beliefs and values, our people and our commercial scale, we have a unique ability to create a future with more cheers one with shared prosperity.

Our strategy focuses on eight strategic priorities: Smart Drinking Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Ethics Transparency, Entrepreneurship and Diversity Inclusion.

We believe these priorities are where we can drive the greatest shared value for local communities and the planet.

These priorities culminate in three cross cutting themes that we feel capture the shared prosperity AB InBev brings to the world.

Inclusive From thousands of farmers, to millions of small retailers, to colleagues and consumers, we improve livelihoods and increase access to opportunity.

Going beyond an affordable and accessible category, we stand for better choices, which is why we promote moderation.

With products made from simple ingredients, we understand the true value of the planet’s precious resources.

We work with nature instead of against it, leveraging nature based solutions to develop resilience where it is needed most.

Local With more than 500 local brands in our portfolio across nearly 50 operating countries, we are truly a global local company.

We keep our supply chains short, our impact direct and our boots on the ground.

We believe in the future of local economies and invest in their well being and resilience.

It is these three themes inclusive, natural and local that encapsulate who we are and how we will create shared prosperity.

Across all our priorities, the power of these themes distinguishes us.

Beer is part of celebrating life throughout the world and a major engine of economic activity.

However, all products containing alcohol can be consumed in ways that cause harm.

In the last decade, data from the World Health Organization (WHO) shows that the harmful consumption of alcohol has decreased around the world.

Harmful drinking impacts our people, our communities and, therefore, our business.

As the world’s leading brewer, we are committed to accelerating continued progress toward the reduction of harmful consumption of alcohol worldwide.

Toward that end, in 2015 we launched our Smart Drinking Initiative, which aimed to bring to bear our company’s resources, skills, capabilities and convening power to contribute to the global effort to reduce the harmful consumption of alcohol.

By shaping social norms through Social Norms Marketing, a specific technique to engage with consumers to improve behaviors in society, it is possible to reduce harmful consumption.

Our actions to reduce harmful drinking are evidence based.

As consumers seek to make better, more responsible choices, it is important for them to have lower alcohol alternatives that give them the flexibility to pace or taper off their drinking over the course of a social occasion.

Our labels and secondary packaging are a key touchpoint with consumers.

They offer a unique platform to provide actionable advice that research has shown potentially influences drinking behaviors.

Ambition Invest 1 billion USD across our markets in dedicated social marketing campaigns and related programs by the end of 2025.

Ambition Reduce the harmful use of alcohol by at least 10% in six cities by the end of 2020.

Implement the best practices globally by the end of 2025.

Ambition Ensure No and Low Alcohol Beer (NABLAB) products represent at least 20% of AB InBev’s global beer volume by the end of 2025.

Ambition To place a guidance label on all of our beer products in all of our markets by the end of 2020.

Increase alcohol health literacy by the end of 2025.

Progress We have invested more than 450 million USD toward achieving our goal, which includes more than 100 million USD in 2021.

We are on track to deliver our 1 billion USD investment by 2025.

Progress Our city pilots program demonstrated that there are three interventions that can be most impactful in reducing the harmful effects of drinking: road safety, responsible beverage service, and screenings and brief intervention.

Today, in partnership with local experts, governments and the AB InBev Foundation, we are supporting 72 interventions across 24 countries that use evidence based techniques validated in the original city pilots.

Progress In all countries where mandatory labeling is not required, we updated our label designs on 100% of our primary product packaging to incorporate actions that consumers can take to reduce harmful drinking.

Updated label designs are rolling out across markets.

Progress This year NABLAB represented 6.7% of beer volume.

While we are not on track to meet our goal by 2025, we have achieved the 20% in some countries, such as China and Panama.

Moreover, we have gained significant insight into the NABLAB occasions.

We have used this insight to ramp up our NABLAB innovations, such as Stella Artois 0.0 and Corona Sunbrew, and one of the key insights is the importance of having a NABLAB offering using our established brands.

We have expanded our NAB portfolio significantly from 26 to 42 brands over the last five years.

These NAB brands are now available in 17 of our top 20 markets that represent 90% of our global volume, with LAB brands (3.5% alcohol or below) available in 14 markets.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

Through our social norms marketing campaigns, we can leverage our global reach in delivering meaningful messages to consumers.

We promote social norms centered on responsibility, moderation and a concern for others by leveraging people’s relationship to our products and brands.

We have committed to a ten year goal of investing 1 billion USD by 2025.

We have invested more than 450 million USD since the start of the commitment, including more than 100 million USD in 2021.

We are on track to meet the goal, and we are proud that our efforts are being recognized by experts in the marketing industry and academia.

To encourage creativity in our social norms marketing, we launched our first annual Social Marketing Competition four years ago.

In 2021, the competition received 107 campaign submissions from more than 28 countries around the world a 29% increase since its inception.

The winning campaign, Corona Rewater, encouraged consumers to refill their empty Corona bottles with water to hydrate between beers.

Four of our Smart Drinking campaigns won at the 2021 Cannes Lions Awards, including the 2020 Aguila Live Responsible and Brazil Responsible Billboards campaigns.

Influencing behavior change with social norms through the power of our brands and their marketing Social norms and the marketing efforts that can impact those norms offer a powerful opportunity to promote healthy behaviors such as eating before or during drinking, drinking water or non alcoholic beer between drinks, planning transportation before drinking and having designated drivers.

Our social norm efforts are built around three core programs: 1) Adhering to a clear code of Responsible Marketing and Communications 2) Investing in breakthrough social norms marketing campaigns through our brands and 3) Providing actionable Smart Drinking labels on our packaging.

To ensure that our marketing promotes positive norms, we have established a Responsible Marketing and Communications Code (RMCC). The RMCC sets the standards for our marketing and commercial communication worldwide to ensure that our commercial communications are aimed only to those above the legal drinking age and are carried out in a socially responsible manner.

It is compulsory that Sales, Marketing, Legal Corporate Affairs colleagues, contractors and agencies are trained periodically and that every marketing campaign and communications element is checked against this policy to ensure compliance.

AB InBev’s Global Smart Drinking initiative was successful in bringing together public health and corporate leaders to work collaboratively toward the common goal of reducing harmful drinking.

This was a noteworthy, first of its kind initiative that holds promise as a model for other companies that aspire to have a positive impact on society while balancing the triple bottom line people, planet, and profit.

See here highlights from Georgetown University’s Business for Impact webinar about our Smart Drinking efforts.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks These are just some examples of the social norms campaigns undertaken this past year.

In the US, Anheuser Busch launched a first of its kind coalition with Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) and ridesharing platform Uber.

The coalition’s signature program, Decide to Ride, aims to change consumer behavior by encouraging consumers to plan ahead for a safe ride home and influence them to never drive drunk.

The campaign leverages advertising and digital efforts from our portfolio of brands including Bud Light, Budweiser and Michelob ULTRA.

In Chile, our brand Pilsen del Sur integrated Smart Drinking tips into the Chilean football players’ jerseys during a match between Colo Colo and Universidad de Chile.

In Peru, our Cristal brand launched the Think N’ Then Drink campaign, partnering with local sports coaches to promote efforts and messaging around Smart Drinking.

In South Africa, our brand Flying Fish has integrated Smart Drinking messaging into ads that encourages consumers to think of food and to eat before they drink.

Our labels and secondary packaging are key touchpoints with consumers.

They offer a unique platform to provide actionable advice that research has shown can influence drinking behaviors.

In 2021, we met our commitment to voluntarily update our label designs in all countries where mandatory labeling was not required, incorporating elements that promote positive social norms.

To develop our messaging and design requirements, we incorporated the work of Tufts University School of Medicine and the AB InBev Foundation.

Currently, updated label designs are rolling out across markets based on print cycles and product turnover.

In countries where mandatory labeling is already in place, we have started to include Smart Drinking messages on our secondary packaging, such as six pack cartons and shrink wraps, making it possible to add bigger, bolder actionable advice.

Providing Smart Drinking resources and evidence based programs to consumers and communities We believe that our actions to reduce harmful drinking should be evidence based.

Our results should be measured so we can continuously improve our efforts.

We created the AB InBev Foundation, in large part, for this purpose.

Working in partnership with independent academic researchers, the Foundation has supported the publication of more than 25 peer reviewed articles in high impact journals, with a dozen more in the pipeline.

Over the past several years, the Foundation ran the city pilots initiative in six metro areas around the world to identify best practices that could be scaled up.

HBSA, a supporting organization of the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation (PIRE), oversees the measurement and evaluation of the city pilots and independently manages a data library freely available to the broader public health research and academic communities upon request.

Through these initiatives, we have identified three areas of intervention that can be most impactful in reducing the harmful use of alcohol: road safety, responsible beverage service, and screenings and brief intervention.

Today, in partnership with local experts, governments and the AB InBev Foundation, we are supporting 72 interventions across 24 countries.

The learnings from these interventions are captured through toolkits to help other countries adopt and launch these initiatives.

As one of the largest fleet operators in the world, road safety is deeply personal to us.

We have developed industry leading programs aimed at reducing road crashes and are deploying those programs in markets around the world.

Through our efforts, we are contributing to the advancement of UN SDG Goal 3.6 reducing road traffic injuries and deaths by 50% by 2030.

In 2021, we supported Together for Safer Road’s project called Houston Vision Zero.

The initiative aims to eliminate traffic deaths and serious injuries in the Texas city, which is home to one of our flagship Anheuser Busch breweries, by 2030.

Based on the evidence based Vision Zero road safety methodology, the project creates safer pedestrian crossings, protected bike lanes and public spaces that ultimately improve walkability.

The purpose of this program is to showcase the potential of Vision Zero and how the private and public sectors can work together to improve the road safety conditions everywhere.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks We have also been partnering with the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) since 2018 to provide road safety best practices to local governments through trainings.

We have developed a scientifically rigorous methodology for data collection, identifying key risk factors linked to road traffic crashes, corrective actions and impact measurement to support governments and NGOs around the world.

As a result, in 2021, we launched the Management Practices for Safer Roads Toolkit The Immersive Virtual Experience.

Using examples of successful interventions implemented in Brazil, the toolkit guides users on how to build successful road safety initiatives.

By providing an immersive learning experience and gamified digital tools, we seek to promote learning about practical interventions that lead to reductions in the number of deaths and injuries related to road traffic crashes.

UNITAR to support global implementation of the toolkit, we are leveraging our partnership with the International Road Federation to host interactive events and workshops.

In Russia, we conducted engineering, education and awareness activities in the regions of Volgograd and Ivanovo.

A total of 160 driving schools, 37,000 students and 660 gas stations in 81 cities received information and visual aids as part of an awareness campaign regarding drinking and driving.

Our teams at South African Breweries have partnered with local municipalities to implement Alcohol Evidence Centres (AECs).

Operated by law enforcement officials and equipped with highly effective blood alcohol testing technology, these centers enable a higher rate of prosecution for drunk drivers and create a stronger deterrent within the community.

After a successful pilot, we rolled out 10 new centers across South Africa in 2021.

Our vision is to scale the AEC model across South Africa over the next five years with the ultimate aim of driving global adoption.

As we work toward this ambitious goal, we know that we cannot act alone.

We will continue to build partnerships both within communities and across borders to develop robust, evidence based solutions for addressing the harmful consumption of alcohol worldwide.

Responsible Beverage Service (RBS) is an evidence based intervention to train owners, management and service staff of establishments like bars, restaurants and liquor stores in preventing sales to minors and reducing underage drinking, binge drinking and drunk driving.

The program also includes highlighting alcohol related laws and conducting compliance checks of establishments.

In Alexandra, South Africa, we are implementing an RBS program in partnership with the South African Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence (SANCA) and other community stakeholders.

By mid 2021, 45 liquor stores had signed up to participate in the program.

In Brazil, RBS was launched digitally as a response to COVID 19, which curtailed face to face interaction however, this model has since gained traction as a more permanent omni channel solution to scale up the program.

Four supporting videos were initially launched on the Curso Boto F website and are now distributed through a chatbot.

Additional RBS courses are offered online and via WhatsApp as well as through BEES, our e commerce platform.

See page 20 of this report for more information on how we are expanding our customer, consumer and colleague touchpoints through digital.

Screening and Brief Intervention (SBI) is a preventive program that measures an individual’s drinking pattern during outpatient or wellness visits and motivates those identified as being at risk of harmful consumption of alcohol to change their behavior.

Its effectiveness has been demonstrated when applied at the health professional’s office level.

Extensive research indicates that it also has a large potential to reduce harmful consumption at the population level if cost effective ways to implement it can be developed.

In partnership with experts in this area, we are supporting the AB InBev Foundation on a series of initiatives to make SBI cost efficient while retaining its efficacy.

The program takes on many forms, depending on a community’s need, readiness and capacity.

For example, a region with strong support from its local health department may implement an in person program, while a city with limited local support may focus on building relationships and implementing a chatbot on a local website.

See how we’re expanding our customer, consumer and colleague touchpoints through digital (page 20).

In Brasilia, Brazil, the SBI program initially worked with 17 public sector primary care units and 200 SBI trained health workers with a goal of conducting 400,000 SBI screenings to address heavy episodic drinking.

This program was originally implemented in person, but due to the COVID 19 pandemic, the SBI program transitioned to a telehealth model.

Between 2022 2021, more than 15,000 screenings had been conducted.

To our knowledge, this is the first time in the world that the tools of telemedicine have been applied to SBI.

Piquet, coordinator of the Brasilia Vida Segura steering committee.

In Mexico, the SBI program called ESCALEMOS, developed with the support of the Ministry of Health in Zacatecas and other community stakeholders, resulted in 50,000 people screened.

Meanwhile, in South Africa, the SBI program aimed to reach 42,000 people in the Alexandra township.

This target was achieved and exceeded by November 2021 with more than 54,000 people screened.

The planning and implementation of both programs consisted of broad based community engagement strategies to ensure sustainability of the gains.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks harmful consumption, our portfolio is well positioned to have a positive impact.

This impact is expected to increase where the regulatory framework incentivizes consumers into lower ABV beer.

In the UK, we continue to support Club Soda, a start up that is looking to disrupt the NABLAB market by using the power of digital to help retailers take advantage of the consumer trends in favor of these products.

We believe that there is opportunity for continued growth in this category, which we plan to accelerate in the next five years.

Amplifying our Smart Drinking messages through digital and technology Digital platforms are important tools to help amplify our Smart Drinking strategy.

As e commerce becomes increasingly important in the beer category, we are investing in the development of technology based solutions such as age verification tools to minimize the risk of illegal underage drinking and other forms of harmful drinking.

Our growing NABLAB portfolio is backed by social norms marketing campaigns aimed at driving the necessary behavior change and further acceptance of these products as a consumer choice.

Our Bavaria brand in Colombia has provided a best practice initiative to promote Smart Drinking using Aguila 0.0.

When consumers shop for spirits online, the platform gives them the choice to buy Aguila 0.0 at a discount.

The discount percentage matches the ABV percentage of the spirits they buy.

This promotion is further supported by a social norms marketing campaign to connect consumers to the benefits of and smart drinking tips related to zero alcohol products.

Our expanding portfolio offers a range of styles and flavors to meet growing consumer demand.

In 2021, NABLAB represented 6.7% of our beer volume.

While we are not on track to meet our previously established goal for NABLAB to represent 20% of our volume by 2025, we are making significant strides and have expanded our NABLAB portfolio from 26 to 42 brands over the last five years.

Our NAB brands are now available in 17 of our top 20 markets that represent 90% of our global volume, with LAB brands (3.5% alcohol or below) available in 14.

China is the biggest contributor to our NABLAB portfolio, led by Harbin Ice.

We have expanded Budweiser Zero to more than ten markets, launched Corona Sunbrew in Canada and Stella Artois 0.0 in the US.

Stella earned a gold award as the best non alcoholic beer at the Drinks Business Global Masters, a prominent blind tasting competition.

Other new additions are zero alcohol versions of Cass in Korea Hoegaarden in Japan, Brazil and China Quilmes in Argentina and low alcohol beers such as Victoria Chingones Unidos and Corona Ligera in Mexico.

We are also identifying opportunities across our portfolio to grow lower alcohol beer brands and meet consumer preferences.

We calculated the average ABV of our products offered in each country and defined any beer below that average as a lower alcohol beer.

A similar global analysis reveals that at an aggregated level, our brands portfolio has an average ABV of 4.5% with over 55% of our volume falling below that threshold.

Expanding consumer access to No and Low Alcohol Beer (NABLAB) alternatives As consumers seek to make better, more responsible choices, it is important for them to have lower alcohol and no alcohol alternatives.

As noted in a 2016 study1, a n increase in the availability of no and low alcohol products could contribute to reduction of harmful alcohol use in two ways: by current drinkers replacing the alcoholic beverages consumed with similar beverages of lower strength or by switching to non alcoholic alternatives for part of their time in both cases reducing the average amount of alcohol consumed.

We are innovating and globally distributing an array of great tasting No and Low Alcohol Beers (NABLAB) that consumers can use as tools to comply with emerging social norms regarding responsible drinking patterns.

To ensure that our digital assets are compliant with international Digital Guiding Principles standards related to alcohol sales and marketing, the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) will conduct an independent audit in 2022.

Areas that are reviewed for compliance include: age affirmation mechanisms, site transparency, user generated content regulation, forward advice notice and a responsible drinking message.

In preparing for that audit, we developed a first of its kind automated auditing system that continuously monitors all our digital assets for compliance against WFA audit parameters.

This effectively prepares us for future digital growth and changes in digital asset compliance requirements.

The results for the end of 2021 showed a level of compliance of 99%.

In 2021, we launched our first Global Smart Drinking Week digitally, further expanding our Global Be Responsible Day (GBRD) and connecting with consumers and customers primarily using digital campaigns and methods.

To spread the message around the world, all our global brands collectively communicated Smart Drinking tips on their labels for the first time through digital channels.

Daily videos, calls to action and shared articles helped us engage with colleagues and consumers to raise awareness about Smart Drinking and associated tips to reduce harmful consumption.

We also used the Smart Drinking Week as an opportunity to embed tips and the digital version of our Responsible Beverage Service training on our BEES platform, providing our customers better access to our toolkits.

In total, more than 13,000 courses were completed.

The results were impressive and largely due to our digital expansion as compared to prior year executions.

We reached more than four times the number of consumers and twice as many customers than we did in 2019.

Over 28,000 colleagues participated in Global Smart Drinking Week activations, and we reached more than 17.6 million consumers and more than 1.3 million customers.

For example, our team in the Dominican Republic leveraged BEES and direct to consumer campaigns to target clients and consumers.

In Brazil, our teams transformed the toolkit into a chatbot, which is an app that uses artificial intelligence to interact with users.

For a week, they boosted communication throughout BEES Brazil, offering a rewards incentive for those who completed the training.

Another exciting area where technology may be harnessed to reduce harmful drinking lies in the brief interventions highlighted in the previous section.

In Zacatecas, Mexico, our Grupo Modelo and the AB InBev Foundation partnered with experts to design and develop HolaPP, a social media chatbot that conducts a screening to determine if a person is at risk of developing a harmful drinking pattern.

After being developed and tested through our City Pilot, the chatbot is now available for wider use.

Advocacy efforts to reduce harmful consumption: promoting differentiation Evidence based and data driven public policy is critical to reducing the harmful consumption of alcohol.

When regulations nudge consumers to lower alcohol fermented beverages, like beer, they have the potential to reduce harm.

This time tested approach, known as differentiation, is embedded in the regulations of many countries.

The World Health Organization (WHO) notes in its latest Global Alcohol Strategy1 that s pirits should be taxed at a higher rate because the production cost is less than the production cost for beer and wine.

Indeed, it concludes that a tax system based on the volume of alcohol in a product is likely to have the biggest effect on the reduction of health inequalities.

Beer also can play an important role in reducing the consumption of illicit alcohol, which is arguably the worst form of harmful consumption because it escapes all product safety and regulatory controls, and pays no excise taxes.

According to Euromonitor International, globally one in four beverage alcohols are illicit, and the majority of illicit alcohol also tends to be distilled beverages with ABV levels higher than beer.3 The WHO notes, The existence of a substantial illicit or informal market for alcohol can also complicate policy considerations for alcohol taxes.

In such circumstances, tax increases should be accompanied by government efforts to control illicit or informal markets through, for instance, tax policies that make low alcohol and nonalcoholic variations of culturally preferred beverages more attractive.

We, together with other brewers, advocate for policies that adjust excise taxes and regulations based on the origin of the alcohol and the alcohol content of the beverage.

In 2021, for example, six states in India (Chandigarh, Haryana, Punjab, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal) changed their alcohol excise policies with the aim of shifting the drinking culture toward lower alcohol fermented beverages.

Climate change is one of the most pressing global challenges.

Our business is one that is closely tied to the natural environment: agricultural crops and water are our key ingredients, we require raw materials for our packaging, and we need energy and fuel to brew, transport and cool our beers.

Our business is also local and closely connected with communities and people across our global footprint.

All of these have the potential to be impacted by climate change, and we are already experiencing climate related impacts both environmental and social in our value chain.

While our Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions per hectoliter decreased in 2021 (51.2 kg CO2e hl, versus 53 kg CO2e hl in 2020), absolute emissions increased as purchases and distribution reactivated amidst economic recovery from the pandemic.

The main drivers of this increase were packaging emissions and product cooling.

However, even as economies rebounded in 2021, we were able to continue decreasing emissions across Scopes 1 and 2 to 4.4 million tons CO2e as a result of renewable energy projects going live in multiple countries as well as implementation of energy efficiency initiatives, resulting in a 29% decrease in absolute Scopes 1 and 2 emissions versus our 2017 baseline.

For more details on our Climate Action progress in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Our evolved understanding of potential climate related risks and opportunities across our value chain continues to inform our long term strategy.

This enables us to innovate, create shared value for our company and our stakeholders, and engage our consumers and current and future talent on the issues that matter to them.

Working toward a shared long term ambition pushes us forward As part of our commitment to driving decarbonization and building climate resilience through our 2025 Sustainability Goals, we are proud to have announced our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040.

We have outlined our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040 through key actions aimed at accelerating our climate transition.

Strengthened by inclusivity We view collaboration with suppliers and retailers, partnering with start ups with breakthrough solutions and engaging with the wider industry as key to decarbonizing the value chain.

Underpinned by natural solutions We believe engagement with farmers in our supply chain will help scale regenerative agriculture practices to enrich soil health while improving the ability to capture carbon.

In addition, we believe that nature based solutions to improve watershed health will help tackle climate change.

Focused on local impact We’re prioritizing local emissions reduction in our operations and across our value chain, including through investments to drive local innovation.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Short term goals drive innovation and decarbonization today We are building climate resilience by committing to transition our global operations to 100% renewable electricity and reduce our GHG emissions by 25% across our value chain.

Following the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recommendation, in March 2018 we set a science based target that is in line with reductions required to keep warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.

We are committed to reducing absolute Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 35% by 2025 from a 2017 base year, in line with the 1.5 degrees pathway.

Furthermore, we commit to increasing annual sourcing of renewable electricity from 7% in 2016 to 100% by 2025.

We also commit to reducing emissions across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 25% per beverage by 2025, from a 2017 base year.

We include over 87% of our total Scope 3 emissions in our science based target, putting us well over the two thirds inclusion threshold that is required by the Science Based Targets initiative.

We continue to engage suppliers through our Eclipse platform.

In the past year, we launched Eclipse Activate in North America, which is our program to help support suppliers and provide them with the tools needed to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains.

In 2021, we mapped initiatives through the Eclipse Activate platform, which equated to a potential reduction of 150,000 tons CO2e per year.

We continuously seek ways to collaborate with our suppliers across our value chain and are proud to have more than 80 suppliers participating in the Eclipse platform.

Agriculture represents 12.5% of our value chain emissions.

It is part of Scope 3 within our value chain and is included in the Category Purchased Goods and Services.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Leading the way with the industry’s first brewery powered by green hydrogen through the use of an on site wind turbine and solar farms.

We continue to find innovative solutions to help achieve our sustainability goals.

One example of how we are proactively reducing emissions is our partnership with Protium Green Solutions, which will enable us to use green hydrogen to fuel production at our brewery in Magor, South Wales, in the UK.

This initiative will create the first brewery supplied with green hydrogen under one of the first hydrogen purchase agreements (HPAs) in the sector.

We will set up infrastructure to produce over 20 MW of renewable energy and green hydrogen at the Magor site.

The hydrogen production facility will include a battery, hydrogen storage unit and hydrogen refueling station.

We anticipate that it will become operational by 2024.

In January 2021, we announced the lease of 200 electric trucks in Colombia in partnership with Renting Colombia.

This fleet, which will have a combination of medium and light load vehicles, as well as forklifts and salesforce cars, makes our subsidiary Bavaria the largest corporate electric fleet owner in Colombia.

In addition to modernizing our fleet, the lease is helping Bavaria promote the transformation toward electric mobility in the country.

The new electric trucks are expected to roll out by the second half of 2022, with an estimated CO2 reduction of more than 4,000 tons a year.

We are innovating with new milling equipment in our breweries to de husk malt.

The process removes the outer husk of the malted barley before the brewing process starts.

The discarded husk is then used as a source of heat (biomass), and the inside part of the malt is used in the brewing process, increasing productivity and energy efficiency, and reducing emissions.

We have implemented in six breweries to date and are exploring the opportunity to scale this technology in the coming years.

Companies must act urgently to cascade action and manage environmental impacts throughout their supply chains to scale the level of action to secure a 1.5 C future.

Many congratulations to the 400 companies earning a place on CDP’s 2021 Supplier Engagement Leaderboard.

As a Supplier Engagement Leader, AB InBev is a trailblazer driving the transition towards a sustainable net zero future.

In 2021, we continued to work toward our 2025 Climate Action Goal while also looking ahead to our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

In June 2021 we announced our first carbon neutral facility in Wuhan, China.

In September we announced another brewery in Ponta Grossa, Brazil, and our first carbon neutral malthouse in Passo Fundo, Brazil.

Carbon neutrality refers to Scope 1 and 2 emissions only and includes compensation of emissions.

All three facilities are powered with biomass for heat production and renewable electricity generated from solar power.

The remaining emissions that are difficult to abate are being offset.

As we work to achieve 100% renewable electricity, this year we made strides in multiple countries.

For example, in South Africa, Castle Lite has begun to make the switch to renewable electricity to draw less from the country’s national grid and reduce GHG emissions.

All seven of the Castle Lite breweries in South Africa now use solar power.

In addition, our Alrode brewery in Johannesburg also generates electricity from bio gas captures in our wastewater treatment process.

From January to August 2021, the seven breweries generated over 9.7GWh of renewable electricity, reducing our CO2 emissions by 9,443 tons.

In the US, Anheuser Busch celebrated the early achievement of its 2025 renewable electricity goal.

It announced that its entire portfolio of domestic beer and seltzer brands in the US is now brewed with 100% renewable electricity from solar and wind power.

This was made possible by the Anheuser Busch Solar Farm, a 222MWac solar project in Pecos County, Texas.

The solar farm was developed in partnership with Recurrent Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian Solar Inc., and is the largest solar project for the beverage industry in the US.

Construction took nearly two years and created approximately 370 full time jobs during the peak of construction.

In celebration of meeting this milestone four years ahead of our goal and World Environment Day, we donated 100,000 USD to the Green Restaurant Association to support their vital work focused on environmental sustainability in the restaurant industry.

More than just a key ingredient in our products, water is a critical resource for the health and well being of communities around the world.

Water resource challenges are magnified by climate pressures, inadequate infrastructure and governance issues.

The growing scarcity of freshwater resources is not just a material issue for our company, it is a global risk to the economic, social and environmental well being of our communities.

As the world’s leading brewer, we are focused on being a part of the solution to the growing water challenges across our communities and supply chain.

We continued to make progress toward our goal by leveraging our 7 step watershed management process, with two additional sites starting implementation of on the ground water solutions and one additional site measuring impact, compared to 2020.

Variation in the nature and complexity of local water challenges, stakeholder groups and interests, and solution design results in variation at the sites that progress through the 7 step process.

For more details on our Water Stewardship progress in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Tailored solutions are needed to address the local, complex water challenges around the world We developed a water risk assessment tool that leverages external data sources and input from our local teams to review our operational risk globally on a quarterly basis.

Using this tool, we have identified and continue to prioritize our sites that are located in high water stress areas.

In 2021, a total of 41 of our facilities were located in high stress areas 36 of these are in scope for our 2025 Water Stewardship Goal based on a 2017 baseline analysis.

To address the watershed challenges specific to the local context in these water stressed areas, we have developed and implemented a 7 step watershed management process.

In Zacatecas and Apan, Mexico, our team at Grupo Modelo runs two breweries, both of which depend on the availability of water resources from the nearby Calera and Apan aquifers.

South Africa to rapid population, economic and agricultural production growth, these aquifers have come under significant stress.

Our Aquas Firmes project, being implemented together with Deutsche Gesellschaft f r Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH, is working to recharge these aquifers and improve long term water security for the local population, farmers and local industry aiming to benefit over 700,000 community members.

We and our partners in the project aim to improve sustainable water management practices in the Calera and Apan aquifers by supporting farmers to implement drip irrigation and conservation agriculture installing a network of hydrological monitoring stations and training local stakeholders on aquifer monitoring and management creating water stewardship agreements in each community and fostering the recharging of the aquifers through nature based solutions and green infrastructure.

In 2021, the project made meaningful progress toward these objectives.

This included supporting farmers in the implementation of drip irrigation technology and conservation agriculture practices on more than 1,500 hectares of farmland, and providing 237 farmers with improved access to credit, insurance and or subsidies.

The project’s implementing partners planted more than 170,000 seedlings to support reforestation, installed nearly 25,000 meters of stone barriers and built 39 gabion dams to promote water infiltration.

In addition, project partners conducted 105 community trainings to build local capacity for sustainable water resource management, and 66 farmers signed voluntary pacts to conserve water by changing water use practices.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks I was invited to participate in the Aguas Firmes project and in a short time I was able to fully technify my land.

I have noticed it helps save water, electricity and worktime in the field.

In addition to the technification of the irrigation system, Aguas Firmes has helped and advised me to implement sustainable agricultural practices, such as crop rotation and minimum tillage.

During the time I have been in the Aguas Firmes project, I have been able to see that the soil is better preserved.

It is very important that we as farmers re educate ourselves in this dynamic of water and soil conservation.

Jos Luis Muro Rodarte, farmer in Zacatecas, Mexico the indigenous species, which include fynbos the smallest of the world’s six floral kingdoms and an important component of biodiversity in the region.

Since 2013, South African Breweries (SAB) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) have partnered with a range of organizations such as the Council for Scientific Industrial Research, GIZ and the Department of Forestry, Fisheries, and Environment to help solve this growing challenge of invasive species in the George region.

With active support and funding from the Natural Resource Management agency, the partners worked toward clearing riparian land of invasive species.

The area also faces high levels of poverty, so the process was designed to help empower the local community by selecting, training and equipping people to conduct the clearing to help restore the watershed.

Our Backus team in Peru relies on water from the Rimac aquifer for production, which is also the main water source for more than 11 million people in the capital, Lima.

Many communities live in the upper basin of the Rimac River, and their main sources of income are agriculture, livestock and tourism.

Due to extensive and growing water demand and the effects of climate change, the watershed is under stress, impacting the water security and income activities of these communities.

We are helping restore ancestral water channels and infiltration systems called amunas to expand water availability in the dry season for agricultural activities.

Additionally, we are strengthening the capacity of rural communities through training in maintenance, operation and monitoring of these amunas, and incorporating nature based solutions into their water resources management.

So far, we have helped rehabilitate nearly 13 km of amunas and trained 121 local community residents on the operation and maintenance of the amunas.

In 2021, the project was recognized with a Lighthouse Award from the Brave Blue World Foundation.

The Western Cape area of George, South Africa, is home to unique hydrological and geographical features that make it the only region in Africa suitable for growing hops, a key ingredient in brewing our flavorful beers.

The effects of climate change, such as changing rainfall patterns, and growing demands from agriculture and urban development, are putting pressure on water availability in this region.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks and developing facility level roadmaps for future implementation.

Reverse osmosis is an energy efficient desalination technology used to pretreat water for use in beverage production, including beer brewing.

Currently, we use reverse osmosis technology at nearly 80 of our facilities around the world, with some facilities having more than one reverse osmosis installation.

The current average water recovery capacity of these installations is approximately 80%, but new and emerging reverse osmosis technologies have the potential for up to 95% water recovery or more.

At our brewery in Baoding, China, we are already implementing initiatives to improve our water use efficiency through effluent treatment and reuse.

The new system treats the recovered water to local drinking water quality standards, allowing it to be reused for processes inside the brewery, saving an estimated 0.1 hl hl per year.

In 2021, we partnered with the University of Louvain la Neuve in Belgium to evaluate technologies for further optimizing reverse osmosis.

This will enable us to enhance our facilities’ water recovery capacity and improve our water use efficiency even further.

The project reviewed four promising reverse osmosis technologies available on the market today, quantifying the estimated water savings potential of each and estimating expected cost savings from the reduced water consumption.

The project concluded that investment in improved reverse osmosis technology could lead to both significant water savings and cost reductions.

From 2011 to 2021, the project conducted initial invasive species clearing on 1,275 hectares, and 1,550 hectares of follow up clearing (as some areas of initial clearing have undergone more than one follow up clearing).

These clearing efforts are estimated to have saved approximately 9 billion liters of water per year and positively impacted the community with an estimated 36,000 person days of employment, with SAB providing about 33% of the total funding for these initiatives.

Innovation can help unlock higher water efficiency and improved water security Within our operations, we brew our beer aiming for high levels of water efficiency.

In 2021, we reached a global water use efficiency ratio of 2.66 hl hl.

We challenge ourselves to do more, aiming to reach a 2.5 hl hl ratio globally and 2.0 hl hl ratio for breweries in water stressed areas by 2025.

Plant Optimization (VPO) management system, which includes a dedicated module on tracking our water use efficiency and optimizing water treatment plant operations.

VPO also includes a suite of good operational practices to minimize water consumption, as well as procedures for reusing and recycling water in parts of the brewing process.

Finally, our facilities are supported with a tool that helps with identification of additional water efficiency improvement opportunities based on benchmarking with our top performing facilities.

In support of our water use efficiency ambition, in 2021 we worked with suppliers and other partners to investigate and identify new opportunities to further reduce our water consumption.

The outcome of this effort was the development of a tool that our facilities will be able to use to identify water use efficiency technologies that are particularly relevant to their local operating conditions.

SAB is working with Rhodes University, the Nature Resource Management Programme and other partners on creating an innovative artificial wetland at an SAB brewery.

The project treats the local brewery effluent and uses the water and nutrients to irrigate a sustainable crop of spinach for the local community.

The project began 13 years ago, when SAB partnered with others to develop a fully green biological treatment solution for wastewater and other leftovers from the beer brewing process.

Now SAB is taking its commitment one step further with the development of a 2,000 m2 commercial drip system for a local grower of spinach.

The new crops are irrigated using the treated wastewater, which has enough nutrients to eliminate the need for additional fertilizers and water usage.

Plus, the spinach beds reduce the nutrient concentration enough that about 90% of the water can be recovered and reused in the brewery.

These projects aim to reduce water consumption at the site by 350,000 liters per day.

This effort is part of several agricultural capital investments being made by SAB in partnership with local start up TaylorMade Water Solutions.

In addition to supporting the construction of the raised beds described above, SAB also offered technical and business coaching help to TaylorMade Water Solutions through its Supplier Development Program.

Given the scale and complexity of the water challenges facing our communities, we know we cannot do this work alone.

We continue to serve as a co founding member of the Water Resilience Coalition, an industry driven, CEO led initiative of the UN Global Compact that aims to elevate global water stress to the top of the corporate agenda and preserve the world’s freshwater resources through collective action in water stressed basins.

We also continued our engagement as a global corporate member of the 2030 Water Resources Group, a multi stakeholder water partnership based at the World Bank with local implementation partners in priority markets for our business, such as Peru and South Africa.

We also know that we can scale our impact even further when we engage our consumers through our brands.

Our global brand Stella Artois continued its partnership with Water.org to help provide millions of people in the developing world with access to safe water.

Since the partnership began in 2015, Stella Artois has supported Water.org in providing access to safe water to more than 3.6 million people through direct donations and the sale of special edition chalices, packs and pours.

Finally, this year we signed agreements for the next phase of partnership with both The Nature Conservancy (TNC) and the WWF to continue our watershed work together, focused on investing financial and technical resources in efforts such as nature based solutions, improved water infrastructure and enhanced governance capacity.

In addition, we worked with both of these partners to develop thought leadership resources for companies and stakeholders to use in their own water stewardship efforts.

With TNC, we published a guide for measuring and evaluating the impact of corporate watershed projects, breaking the process down into five steps: defining objectives, developing performance indicators and metrics, planning data collection, analyzing and evaluating the data, and reporting and communicating to stakeholders.

The guide is intended to help in demystifying the measurement and evaluation process and help practitioners engage their project partners early on to develop and implement a measurement and evaluation plan that is robust, but also targeted and cost effective.

During the UN Climate Change Conference (COP26), we joined WWF in publishing Waterways to Resilience, a report demonstrating how nature based solutions can play a critical role in addressing water challenges and supporting climate adaptation and resilience more broadly.

The report focuses on evidence, from Africa and globally, on the potential of nature based solutions to address five key water challenges: water scarcity, degradation of water quality, flood risk, stormwater and urban floods, and coastal erosion and floods.

It also provides recommendations for getting investment in nature based solutions to scale.

We depend on high quality agricultural crops from thriving communities and healthy ecosystems to brew our beers.

We see the increasing impact from climate change in our sourcing regions, which is why we work to build resilience through crop management, improved varieties and risk mitigation tools.

We also explore how agriculture can reduce GHG emissions, protect watersheds and improve biodiversity.

Beyond the environmental aspect, we know the impacts of climate change in agriculture are closely linked with the social and economic challenges farmers face across the globe.

The success of farmers and the health of our sourcing regions are critical to ensuring the long term viability of quality brewing crops, supporting thriving agricultural communities and contributing to a healthier environment.

Between 2020 and 2021, the relative number of Skilled farmers decreased by 2%, Connected increased by 8% and Financially Empowered increased by 9%.

Though there was a relative decrease in Skilled farmers, the absolute number of Skilled farmers increased by more than 900, as the number of farmers in scope for our goal increased by nearly 8% to more than 22,000 farmers.

The increase in scope was most pronounced in our Africa Zone, with more sorghum farmers in Zambia, Tanzania and Uganda.

While COVID 19 pandemic restrictions continued to limit our ability to engage face to face with farmers, we leveraged socially distanced visits, digital tools and alternative approaches like radio broadcasts in smallholder farming communities to continue providing support to farmers.

We also added our Ukraine barley program to the scope for our goal, increasing countries in scope to 14.

For more details on our Smart Agriculture progress in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Farmers are at the center of sustainable agriculture We take a farmer centric approach in supporting sustainable agriculture and leverage our direct, local connections to farmers through our agronomists and researchers on the ground.

To build resilient agricultural supply chains, our initiatives address the environmental aspects of farming as well as the economic and social elements that are so closely linked.

Financial literacy training is a critical enabler of financial empowerment for smallholder farmers in our supply chain.

Improved knowledge of personal finances helps farmers better evaluate and leverage financial services to ensure their operations will continue well into the future.

In 2021, we partnered with Rabobank’s Rabo Partnerships to develop a financial literacy curriculum to help our teams and implementation partners train smallholder farmers in Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.

The curriculum includes modules on financial literacy basics, savings, budgeting and record keeping, risk management and financial products and services.

As a part of the initiative, we piloted a farmer train the trainer program in Uganda along with Rabo Partnerships and the Agribusiness Development Centre, an organization dedicated to market and financial training for farmer organizations.

Our team selected 20 lead farmers to participate in the program, which included training simulations, trainee assessments and engagement with financial services institutions.

In turn, these farmers trained more than 680 of their peer farmers in their communities.

Rice learning guide to facilitate future trainings.

While each market requires a tailored approach and content, we plan to continue to harness the energy and expertise of lead farmers to scale training.

Our ability to advance sustainable agriculture is only possible through our partnership with farmers.

In 2020, we launched the Grower Advisory Panel in the US to strengthen our connection with farmers and help improve our supply chain.

The Panel convenes more than 20 farmers who represent each of our crops and sourcing regions with members of our Zone and Global teams to engage on commercial, agronomic, sustainability, policy and consumer topics.

In order to represent the perspectives of more farmers on these topics, the Panel established the Voice of the Grower survey in its first year, with response rates exceeding 40% in 2020 and 2021.

In 2021, the Panel identified and aligned on priority areas to address, including collaborating on soil health and water stewardship opportunities, expanding the use of data to make crop decisions and continuing a focus on farm health and safety initiatives.

Our team shares biannual newsletters with all direct farmers to highlight Panel priority areas and accomplishments, and farmer members also serve as points of contact for their peers to extend the reach of the Panel.

Given the insights from this Panel and the positive response from participating farmers, we will look to develop similar forums on a more global scale.

Learn more about how we are addressing human rights topics in agricultural supply chains Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Building resilience through regenerative practices is critical to the future of farming and nature Globally, farming practices over the last century, compounded by the effects of climate change, have inadvertently weakened soil health, threatened water resources and exacerbated biodiversity loss.

We are working in our agricultural supply chains to address these integrated issues using a collaborative systems approach to help improve soil health and farmer productivity, protect water resources and mitigate the impact of climate change for more resilient communities.

Empowering farmers to improve their soil health is a critical pillar of building long term supply chain resilience.

As a company that sources crops from a diverse network of farmers, we recognize there is no one size fits all approach to improve soil health.

We partnered with The Nature Conservancy (TNC) to develop a framework for soil health an approach that is flexible across the spectrum of farm sizes, crops and regions from which we source.

In 2021, our researchers and agronomists worked through the framework to advance a common set of soil health principles that leverage locally relevant practices, building on existing initiatives and developing new ones.

After benchmarking soil health practices in each sourcing region, our teams prioritized practices to advance based on their potential positive impact to farmers and our business.

We developed the local business case for each prioritized practice and determined the technical, financial and cultural support farmers would require to adopt new practices, the role our teams could play and the partnerships needed to succeed.

Through existing initiatives such as improving soil analysis in India, providing evidence of soil health benefits on our model farm in South Africa and building a farmer peer to peer network in the US, our agronomy teams are helping farmers overcome barriers to adoption.

Demonstrating soil health improvements is crucial for scaling new practices and technologies, which is why we are leveraging and expanding our internal technology platform, SmartBarley, to measure soil health impacts in both individual fields and across farming ecosystems to ultimately scale more sustainable practices across farming communities.

Our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040 is underpinned by natural solutions, which in agriculture include scaling regenerative practices to enrich soil health while sequestering carbon.

Through our award winning 100 Accelerator program, we kicked off a pilot in France with Soil Capital, Boortmalt and Axereal to incentivize a cohort of barley farmers to adopt regenerative practices in exchange for quantified, certified carbon claims.

A Connected commercial farmer: receives insights from SmartBarley or a similar platform.

A Connected smallholder farmer: receives at least three digital communications during the year on market, weather or agronomic advice.

A Financially Empowered commercial farmer: has access to cost sharing or risk mitigation tools.

A Financially Empowered smallholder farmer: receives financial training annually and has access to appropriate financial tools.

Skilled, Connected and Financially Empowered define the way we work with farmers to build resilient supply chains Environmental impact: GHG reduction, water, soil health, biodiversity.

Social impact: women youth empowerment, on farm health safety, dignified work whole farm and crop level carbon performance during their baseline year (2020) and after their first year, we will gain insights on ways to improve the carbon footprint of barley and how these practices could be scaled.

The pilot will also help hone our approach to collaborating with third party suppliers as we work to scale our sustainable agriculture efforts to indirect sourcing programs.

Biodiversity provides essential genetic diversity and meaningful ecosystem services for agriculture.

Alleviating pressures related to pollution, climate change, natural resource use, land use change and invasive species is critical to protecting and enhancing biodiversity in our sourcing regions.

In 2021, we partnered with TNC to map priority areas for biodiversity action by overlaying global environmental data sets with our direct sourcing regions to identify the density and coexistence of biodiversity pressures.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks The technology was especially helpful as our agronomists worked to support farmers during the pandemic.

The satellite imagery and weather data provided through FieldAgent enabled our agronomists to continue providing scouting support remotely, as the pandemic limited our teams’ ability to be in the fields alongside farmers, enhancing adoption of the tool.

To further strengthen the relationship between farmers and our agronomists, we are giving farmers direct access to FieldAgent as a trial.

The shared tool will connect remote sensing and in field advising, helping create a common language for agronomists and farmers through shared information.

We also are working with Sentera to develop predictive analytics that will give us early indications of barley yield and quality.

In 2021, we used data from the United States, Uruguay and Russia to validate these analytics, which proved to be approximately 80% accurate at predicting yield ahead of harvest.

Anticipating potential supply disruptions will help us better advise farmers as well as balance crop inventories across our operations.

Using traditional breeding methods alone to develop crop varieties that are optimized for agronomic and brewing performance requires years of testing.

Our breeding pipeline for a single variety is about ten years from start to finish.

With changing market and climate conditions, we are under increased pressure to speed the development of crop varieties to help ensure our priority crops remain competitive for farmers.

We are partnering with Computomics to use their predictive analytics capabilities alongside our traditional breeding methods to refine and accelerate our process for barley variety development.

Together, we are using artificial intelligence and machine learning to analyze complex data sets, including genetics, yield, malting quality, environment and climate.

By modeling the potential of different barley traits across various environmental scenarios, we expect that we will be able to choose high potential material for future field and brewing evaluations and move more quickly toward the release of new varieties.

Early indications from our work in 2021 suggest a 50% or greater increase in the rate of improvement is possible for key variety traits, including yield.

As we anticipate future resource constraints, we believe this method of pairing data analytics with traditional breeding methods will allow us to model traits such as drought stress response, leading to the development of more resilient varieties.

Continuing to scale the implementation of this approach across our sourcing regions will help our varieties support a reliable, quality supply of barley to brew our beers today and in the future.

It is important that the food and beverage sector make meaningful progress to reduce its impact on biodiversity.

AB InBev has shown leadership by seeking to understand and mitigate the impact of its direct agricultural ingredient sourcing on biodiversity, developing a novel approach that we hope will push the sector to make progress faster.

Michael Wironen, Ph.D. Senior Scientist, Agriculture Food Systems at The Nature Conservancy teams have begun to develop both broad and targeted plans to drive impact, including mitigation practices, farmer resources and local partnerships.

Already, our Mexico agronomy team has developed a program to promote the use of a native cactus species as a functional field buffer that reduces soil loss and the sedimentation of nearby water bodies and provides farmers with opportunities for additional income.

In 2022, we expect to continue to hone our mapping approach using new data sets as well as to extend our approach to our indirect sourcing regions.

Technology is a key enabler of sustainable agriculture From advanced analytics and timely access to information, to more resilient seed varieties, scaling innovation in agriculture will help enable farmers across geographies and cropping systems to better adapt to changing markets and environments of the future.

Our agronomists use our internal platform SmartBarley to help farmers improve productivity through data and analytics.

In 2020, we further improved this platform for our teams by integrating platform capabilities with our technology partner Sentera.

Our partnership helps improve farmer advisory through real time analytics and insights on their FieldAgent platform, which integrates with field data collected through SmartBarley.

This tool helps agronomists monitor farmers’ fields throughout the season and provide timely advice during critical periods.

In 2021, a historic drought plagued much of the Upper Midwest region of the US.

Our agronomists used satellite imagery in FieldAgent to help detect crop stress and recommend farmers’ next steps in the face of the drought.

With climate change and increasingly volatile weather events, this information is critical to building resilient supply chains in our local growing regions.

As the world faces increasing resource scarcity, taking a circular approach to packaging and improving the materials we use has the potential to deliver long term financial benefits, provide our business with long term packaging supply security and help eliminate waste.

Packaging alone is accountable for almost 38.1% of our GHG emissions, further underscoring the importance of this commitment to our business and our efforts to address climate change.

To achieve our goal, we take an approach of reducing packaging and the need for virgin materials where possible, increasing recycled content, identifying opportunities to recycle materials and promoting the recovery and reuse of packaging in its original form.

Recycling supply chains were slow to recover in 2021, and COVID 19 continued to impact our packaging mix and collection in many markets.

A shortage of recycled content in the market necessitated the use of either more virgin materials or materials with lower recycled content, resulting in a decrease of the recycled content percentage in some of our packaging categories.

These events have reinforced for us the importance of circularity and the local economy to our business, and in 2021, we worked to develop new local recycling supply chains by investing in collection systems and by working with partners to increase local recycling capacity.

For more details on our Circular Packaging progress in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Innovation is key in developing sustainable, circular packaging We are leveraging our packaging design and brand innovation capabilities to rethink our packaging and distribution models, working closely with our Global Innovation and Technology Center in Leuven, Belgium, to assess, develop and implement sustainable packaging technologies.

We have defined clear priorities with our development teams as they search for ways to reduce (lightweight), reuse, recycle and rethink our packaging materials.

To help guide this work, we have developed and integrated sustainability tools to use throughout the different stages of our packaging innovation process.

One of these tools is the Eco Scorecard, developed jointly with the Instituto de Embalagens in Brazil.

AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report 2021 36 metrics such as reduction of packaging materials, country recycling rates, recycled content of the packaging and local carbon emissions factors into a single scorecard so that we can easily compare across different packaging types to guide our innovation decisions.

As we look to the future, there are many non wood materials that may be suitable for pulping, which can create an opportunity for farmers to get more value from their fields while removing the pressure on our forests.

In June, we announced the development of a scalable solution to produce the world’s lightest longneck beer bottle.

The technology reduces a bottle’s weight from 180 to 150 grams, a change that cuts CO2e emissions by 17% per bottle.

If used on a year’s worth of glass production for our brands in Europe, it would be the equivalent reduction in CO2 emissions as taking 40,000 cars off the road annually.

Developed by our Global Innovation and Technology Center team in collaboration with our suppliers, the innovation features new coatings and state of the art technologies to ensure strength and quality.

We are now exploring how to roll out the new bottle in Europe, initially as one way bottles.

The next challenge for our innovation team will be to develop technologies to lightweight returnable bottles which have a lower environmental footprint due to the bottles being reused several times as these bottles will need to survive many cycles.

In March, Corona introduced a six pack carton using renewable, recyclable paper made from barley straw a material left over after barley grain is harvested for the brewing process.

Investing in local recycling systems is a critical enabler to scale circular packaging Whether it is recouping returnable glass bottles or enabling recycling of one way packaging, we believe that bringing sustainable, convenient solutions for packaging recovery and recycling are critical to achieving our circular packaging ambitions and building resilient packaging supply chains.

Approximately 34.6% of our global volume is sold in returnable glass bottles, which are nearly five times less carbon intensive when compared to one way bottles.

The majority of our bottles can be used up to 15 times, and some can be used up to 100 times.

This year in Mexico, we launched Rebounce, a glass bottle recovery project that generates recovery chains and rescues glass bottles that are lost in the market.

In 2021, the initiative recouped more than 120 million glass bottles.

These recovered bottles were destined for single use and instead are being refilled with beer for a more sustainable, returnable packaging.

By working with 58 collectors in the country and opening eight warehouses where recovered bottles are sorted and washed, the initiative creates jobs in the local economy.

Their ongoing product redesign efforts will progressively eliminate the plastic they don’t need, and their investment in Mexico Recicla goes well beyond what is required to address their current plastic footprint, the plastic lost to nature.

We congratulate Corona for reducing plastic usage and strengthening collection and recycling infrastructure in Mexico, without which the vision of a circular economy would not be possible.

Irene Hofmeijer Senior Managing Consultant for Plastics at South Pole.

For packaging that is not returnable namely one way glass bottles, aluminum cans and polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles we are committed to reaching a minimum of 50% recycled content.

By 2025 we aim to avoid the use of more than 1.3 million tons of virgin material per year, when compared to a 2017 baseline, by increasing the amount of recycled material used in our packaging.

In Brazil, we are building new solutions that leverage our connection with retailers, consumers and collectors to bring more one way packaging back into the recycling supply chain improving the availability of recycled content available in the market.

We are piloting programs with retailers where we provide recycling collection services to their stores and reward them with points for each bottle recycled, which can then be redeemed through our business to business platform BEES.

To promote recycling with consumers, the team is focusing on bringing convenience by working with several start up partners that provide collection points near consumers’ homes and offer incentives like cash back benefits or redeemable points that can be used for things like public transportation, phone credit and electricity bills.

There are also efforts underway to strengthen the ecosystem of recycling cooperatives and collectors to help address waste collection in certain regions while also fostering community development.

These initiatives include the development of a model cooperative that will be used to train others and the implementation of digital tools that offer connection to individual collectors and provide them greater access to financial incentives.

In June, Corona became the first global beverage brand with a net zero plastic footprint.

This means the brand recovers more plastic from the environment than it releases into the world.

Achieving this milestone comes after an extensive external assessment of Corona’s global operations against the 3RI Corporate Plastic Stewardship Guidelines by South Pole, a leading climate solutions provider.

The brand also followed the Verra Plastic Waste Reduction Standard to calculate the impact of Corona’s mitigation activities.

Corona’s plastic mitigation strategy is holistic, first aiming to reduce its plastic usage where possible through product redesign efforts and then also removing plastic waste from nature.

Mexico Recicla, a Mexican recycling facility that recovers and recycles hard to recycle plastics.

With this investment in the recycling center and its collection campaigns, Corona can physically recover an equal amount for every ton of plastic the brand uses, going beyond theoretical offsetting and plastic crediting.

Additionally, Corona is redesigning the packaging of some of its key products to remove plastic rings in its export production.

To further engage stakeholders in this journey, Corona launched two programs this year.

The first is the Corona Plastic Free Challenge in partnership with our 100 Accelerator program, which engages passionate entrepreneurs from across the globe to help Corona find new ideas or technologies that can reduce or eliminate more plastic from the supply chain.

The brand also launched the Plastic Reality, an augmented reality experience that engages consumers on having a net zero plastic footprint.

The tool allows people to see the annual plastic footprint of their own homes and invites them to take action on reducing their plastic waste.

Corona has a longstanding commitment to help protect the world’s oceans and beaches from marine plastic pollution.

Since 2017, Corona has worked in partnership with the organization Parley for the Oceans to protect the world’s oceans and beaches from plastic pollution, taking on the challenge of protecting more than 100 islands through clean ups, awareness campaigns and other initiatives.

The Board of Directors and our leadership team are committed to promoting and maintaining the highest standards of ethical behavior and transparency.

This guides everything that we do as an organization and serves as our foundation in creating a future with more cheers.

We have created Ethics Compliance Committees at local and global levels that are comprised of senior leaders who work with the Ethics Compliance team to steer our programs.

We have implemented internal codes, standards and global policies on a range of ethical issues, including anti bribery and corruption, digital ethics, human rights and anti discrimination.

These codes, standards and policies are designed to guide and support our colleagues and business partners.

We have also implemented platforms, such as the Compliance Channel, which allow colleagues to have direct contact with the Ethics Compliance team to ask questions, access internal policies, request approvals related to certain compliance matters or access the Compliance Helpline to file a report.

In 2021, we received more than 2,000 requests from colleagues through the platform.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Digital ethics is key to building trust with stakeholders As digital transformation accelerates, we are strengthening our digital ethics initiatives to manage and protect data across our value chain in ways that go beyond data protection compliance.

With these principles in mind, we have created tailored trainings that reached approximately 2,000 colleagues across key business functions in 2021.

We are also looking beyond training to encourage digital ethics by design.

To support our growing innovation agenda, we have implemented a digital risk management process that provides a streamlined and agile way to support our most innovative teams.

It uses technology to better allocate resources and build expertise in products where legal support is key to enable agile innovation.

Ethical behavior is our foundation for building a company to last Our Code of Business Conduct (COBC) sets out the ethical standards to which our colleagues around the world are expected to adhere and provides governance for interactions with third parties.

It requires colleagues to comply with all laws, to disclose any relevant conflicts of interests, to act in the best interests of the company, and to conduct all dealings in an honest and ethical manner.

It covers confidentiality of information, limits on gifts and entertainment, and the appropriate use of the company’s property.

The Code of Business Conduct includes the Global Anti Corruption, Human Rights, Digital Ethics, Anti Harassment and Anti Discrimination and Conflict of Interest Policies, among others.

We launched new online trainings in 2021 that focused on topics such as anti corruption, supply chain ethics, digital ethics, anti money laundering and our COBC.

We have structures in place, such as the Ethics Compliance Helpline, to allow colleagues and third parties to speak up through a global whistleblowing system, which allows for concerns to be raised in a simple, secure, confidential and, if desired, anonymous manner.

The Helpline is run by an independent company, and it is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week anywhere in the world.

We monitor all complaints, which include discrimination and harassment, conflict of interest, fraud and other issues, and we investigate these complaints thoroughly.

Additionally, we are working to make the Ethics Compliance Helpline also available for colleagues who want to recognize those who have set positive examples by living up to the highest ethical standards.

To further strengthen our commitment to behaving ethically, we use our award winning compliance data analytics platform BrewRIGHT to aggregate, standardize and demonstrate trends and patterns to identify, detect and prevent fraud and corruption within our operations.

As BrewRIGHT continues its journey to improve platform adoption and proactive risk monitoring through machine learning, the program team introduced the BrewRIGHT Metrics in late 2020 to evaluate the effectiveness of the product and approximate operating compliance risk across several areas.

These metrics cover the predicted compliance risk, algorithm effectiveness, system adoption and return on investment from the system.

BrewRIGHT continues to pave the way in how we are using legal technology and analytics to drive reputation, insights and intelligence within the Legal Compliance function.

We also created a forum called Compliance Open House that brings together the compliance community, including government officials and industry leaders, to foster open conversations on how to increase the use of technology.

The initiative first started in 2019 and has continued with a mix of virtual, in person and hybrid events four to five times a year with an average attendance of about 70 people at each event.

For more details on ethics and compliance metrics in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks then reviewed by the Committee, and progress is monitored on a quarterly basis.

To support our leaders in their oversight of human rights issues, we worked with Shift, a leading human rights organization, to provide training on human rights and the expectations of business under the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

We also worked with partners in 2021 to conduct research in our Brazil, Zambia and Uganda sourcing regions.

The results highlighted the interconnections between poverty and low incomes with negative human rights impacts related to farm safety, the role of children on farms and the continued impact of COVID 19 in farming communities.

We are working to develop action plans around the findings.

In partnership with the Sustainable Food Lab, we created a living business and value chain.

It brings together leaders from our Supply and Procurement, Legal, Corporate Affairs, Sustainability, Security and People teams and is chaired by our Global Vice President for Corporate Affairs.

This committee structure reflects our belief that human rights must be a shared focus across the business and should not be the responsibility of one function or Zone.

Through the work of the Human Rights Steering Committee in 2021, we improved our visibility into the areas where our operations and value chain can impact human rights.

We conducted a human rights risk assessment that helped us identify salient human rights issues and analyzed findings based on human rights due diligence processes, data from our grievance mechanism and input from stakeholders, including through NGO and union reports and bilateral engagements and projects.

While we have identified key areas of focus that include living income, child labor and our sponsorship of global sporting events, we continue to work on human rights issues more broadly and build effective action plans with relevant functions to manage these risks.

We will continue to engage with external stakeholders to improve our risk assessment process.

Building on work done in 2020, our teams in Africa focused on strengthening the regional governance of human rights issues in 2021.

Leveraging the Africa Zone Compliance Committee, which is made up of Zone function leaders and chaired by our Africa Zone President, human rights leads are identified in each country and are formally appointed by the Committee.

This seeks to empower country teams with a mandate from leadership to champion work on human rights issues.

Respecting human rights is fundamental to creating healthy, thriving communities We are committed to business practices that support and respect human rights and align with the UN Global Compact principles.

Our approach to human rights is based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and is outlined in our Global Human Rights Policy, which was created through a process of internal and external stakeholder engagement and feedback.

Our Global Human Rights Policy is based on international frameworks including the International Labour Organization (ILO) fundamental conventions.

To cascade the principles of our Human Rights Policy throughout our value chain, we have developed a Global Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible Sourcing Principles for Farms.

Our policies are shared with colleagues through internal communications channels, and we have created e learning modules for human rights that are a part of our training curriculum for our colleagues.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy, Responsible Sourcing Principles for Farms and Responsible Marketing and Communications Code are communicated to our business partners during the contracting process and are included in our contract clauses.

In 2021, we created a global cross functional Human Rights Steering Committee to provide greater visibility and collaboration on human rights topics.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks income assessment tool for farms and used the tool in 2021 to conduct living income research with smallholder farmers in our Uganda barley sourcing regions.

We ran an implementation pilot of our Social Impact in Circular Packaging Framework with our teams in Brazil and Mexico, supported by Oxfam Business Advisory Service.

The aim is to identify potential vulnerable groups involved in our recycling supply chains, understand the issues that they potentially face and create impact roadmaps specific to the context of each program.

As part of our sponsorship of the FIFA 2022 World Cup in Qatar, we have sought the advice of multiple stakeholders, including human rights organizations and unions to help align our actions with the UNGPs and support FIFA’s efforts to leave a positive legacy for workers in Qatar.

As a result of this engagement, we have introduced human rights clauses in our local supplier contracts and subcontracted supplier agreements.

Each of our local suppliers will be subject to screening processes, and our own local team is receiving special training.

We support the decision by the Qatari authorities to introduce labor reforms, in partnership with the ILO, that have effectively dismantled the Kafala (or sponsorship) system, which restricted workers’ ability to leave the country and change employers.

Labor reforms have included the introduction of legislation on labor mobility, minimum wages and the establishment of joint worker employer committees.

We are also a founding Advisory Council member of the Centre for Sport and Human Rights, a Geneva based NGO that is working to convene international sponsors, sports bodies, UN agencies, NGOs and others to leverage a collective voice in support of further progress on human rights across the sports sector, including in host locations of major events.

In 2021, we also developed and launched a new supplier risk management process that integrates core risk areas including human rights and engaged suppliers representing over 30% of our global procurement spend.

We understand that risks can emerge at any time during a relationship, so to improve our visibility of emerging issues in our supply chain, we have adopted the use of digital tools that monitor our key suppliers and flag potential human rights and labor related issues.

To support the implementation of our new risk management processes, we have enhanced our contract clauses around human rights, aligning them more closely with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and clarifying our expectations beyond first tier suppliers.

We require all suppliers and business partners to comply with our Responsible Sourcing Policy.

When, despite our best efforts and intent, human rights issues emerge in our value chain, we are committed to taking prompt action to provide effective remedy and to reviewing our processes to avoid recurrence.

Our grievance mechanisms and reporting channels are available to all colleagues and business partners to raise human rights concerns or complaints, which supports our ability to identify and investigate potential human rights issues and to put in place relevant measures.

In 2022, we plan to conduct a review and enhancement of our grievance mechanism to align it more closely with the expectations of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Our Global Whistleblower Policy states our commitment to non retaliation against those who raise concerns or complaints through our grievance mechanisms and channels.

We also cooperate in good faith with state based judicial and non judicial mechanisms, which we believe can be an important part of the remedy actions.

For example, since 2019 our team in India has worked in cooperation with the International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tourism, Tobacco and Allied Workers’ Associations (IUF) through voluntary participation in a mediation process held in compliance with guidelines from the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development (OECD).

Following the successful mediation, an amicable resolution was achieved in 2020.

During 2021, we continued to implement the agreed actions with oversight from an independent third party.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks behavior in our Latin American operations.

We are committed to business practices that respect human rights and that align with international standards of responsible business conduct.

We take the allegations very seriously, and for this reason, we are reviewing and cannot comment further until our review is complete.

In March 2021, we became aware of a government inspection carried out at a carrier of our distribution supply chain in Brazil, involving possible irregularities related to migrant workers’ working conditions.

Following the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, our immediate response was to ensure the safety of the people possibly impacted, and we have continued to provide support.

Due to the legal process currently underway, we are unable to share further details on the case.

We created a multi disciplinary team including colleagues from legal, logistics, procurement and sustainability to review current processes and identify opportunities to enhance our processes around human rights in our logistics operations in Brazil.

This has led to the development and implementation of new due diligence approaches that leverage digital tools and in person assessments.

We have engaged 100% of our dedicated distribution suppliers and assessed 332 vendors through remote screening processes and have conducted in person assessments at 36 vendors.

Building a culture of health and safety is a core value Building a future with more cheers starts within our own operations, which is why the health and safety of our colleagues is a core value of our company.

We are training our colleagues to make the right choices for safety at all times, for themselves and for others.

Whether brewing or delivering our products, operating machinery, driving for work in any vehicle or commuting, safety is important.

We work vigorously to achieve high standards of health and safety in our offices, breweries, facilities and throughout our value chain by engaging teams to build an independent safety culture through trainings, workshops and coaching sessions.

Safety metrics are cascaded and monitored globally through our supply and logistics safety management systems.

We regret to report six occupational fatalities, of which one occurred inside a plant, four relate to road safety and one was the result of a random criminal act against an employee while performing work off site.

We are integrating safety into every aspect of our operations and developing safety leaders throughout all levels of the organization.

In 2021, we updated our Safety Management System to put more emphasis on frontline team engagement and ownership and have allocated resources for a Comprehensive Behavioral Safety Culture project to support these initiatives.

Additionally, we have updated our incident reporting system to improve reporting, provide for thorough investigations of incidents and share lessons learned on the precursors and prevention of serious injuries and fatalities.

In 2021, we continued integrating the use of smart technology to further support a culture of safety by piloting AI driven safety monitoring to detect certain safety behaviors in our operations, scaling forklift pedestrian collision prevention technologies and fatigue detection in trucks in our Middle America and South America Zones.

We also are leveraging telemetry data to manage and correct behavior in our fleets.

Further, we are working in high risk areas to reduce the risk of violent assault by focusing on efforts like going cashless in our tier two distribution channels, active monitoring of all vehicles in high risk areas and implementation of a violence prevention toolkit.

Assured metric Please refer to External Assurance Report on page 94.

Employees of ZX Ventures, our global investment and innovation team (approximately 300 FTE worldwide), are not included in the end of year incident data.

Data only reported as of 2021, as internal controls regarding the reporting of supply contractor TRIs (MDI MTI) were not yet sufficiently implemented in prior years, resulting in lower data quality and robustness.

Fatalities data do not include commuting and community related fatalities as per AB InBev’s reporting definitions.

The table also does not include road fatalities of contractors who are fully managed by the contracted firm company.

Lost Time Injuries (LTIs) Occupational injury resulting in more than one day absence from work.

Total Recordable Injuries LTIs modified duty injuries medical treatment injuries.

Supply Employees Brewery and manufacturing facility employees, including first tier logistics.

Second tier logistics Sales Employees Second tier logistics, sales, Zone and global corporate employees.

Commuting Fatality An incident that occurs while coming to work or going homes, resulting in a fatality to our employee(s).

Community Fatalities Fatalities that occur to people outside of our operation in the course of doing business.

For more details on human rights metrics in 2021 Learn more about our Safety Management System For more information on our Road Safety initiatives Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks more than a one day absence from work.

The brewery currently holds the record for the longest time without an LTI across all of our breweries in North America.

Our Environmental Health and Safety Manager in the brewery, David Johnson, credits a very active Joint Occupational Health and Safety Committee, a safety charter and hazard identification and mitigation as some of the reasons for the lengthy safety record.

The accomplishment also was recognized by the city with a letter from the mayor and the province with a statement in the House of Assembly.

In 2021, our Supply team in South America developed several initiatives to support the implementation of Global and Zone safety strategies and to further build a culture of safety excellence.

This included a Contractor Safety Squad, a dedicated team implementing agile methodology, focused on improving the way the Zone manages the safety of service providers and contractors.

Their work resulted in an approximately 80% decrease in contractor recordable injuries when comparing Q4 with Q1 reports.

Another key initiative is the Safety Summer Cup, which is a competition among the Zone facilities that focuses on leading safety process indicators with the aim of promoting individual ownership of safety.

The Zone also undertook a thorough assessment of their safety communication, resulting in a new way of connecting to all stakeholders by leveraging tools like social media, recognition programs and targeted safety campaigns.

In 2021, 12 of our breweries in China and one brewery in Korea received recognition from local government safety authorities for excellent safety management and results.

To improve the visibility of safety process indicators and empower frontline colleagues, our team in APAC kicked off the implementation of a digital safety transformation (DST) system that standardizes safety management processes, improves reporting for process control and facilitates safety risk assessments.

The DST system generates two types of indicators: 1) an individual safety code for the employee that provides parameters such as safety knowledge, safety monitoring and hazard reporting and 2) a risk map that gives an indication of the current risk to the individual based on the activity they are undertaking as well as the equipment and safety procedures that should be used in that situation to avoid potential hazards.

The system rewards colleagues for their participation in safety management through a system of points and medals.

The system also features a multi dimensional dashboard that provides visibility to the brewery and the broader APAC team of the current on site safety status.

This year the DST system collected nearly 150,000 data points per day in China, helping the breweries focus on the opportunities to improve safety management.

Small and medium sized businesses play a critical role in the economic development of communities by generating employment, providing vital services and contributing toward innovation.

In this regard, beer is a formidable engine of economic growth, and we seek to strengthen the small businesses in our value chain through our programs with smallholder farmers, suppliers, retailers and recycling collectors.

We know that to sustain our business and build inclusive, thriving communities, we have a role to play in supporting their development and growth by providing skills training, mentorship, opportunities to scale and access to needed resources like digital tools, financing and other critical inputs.

The digital transformation of small and medium sized businesses scales impact Many small and medium sized businesses lack access to digital capabilities that support productivity and efficiency.

As a global company with strong local connections, we can use our reach to accelerate the digital transformation for the small and medium sized businesses across our value chain.

Globally, we work with over six million retailers and understand the challenges that many small businesses face in accessing financial services, business skills development and the inputs needed to maintain and upgrade stores.

Our business to business BEES platform is bringing the power of digital to small and medium sized retailers.

Today, there are more than 2.5 million active users across 16 countries using BEES every month, and the impact of the platform goes beyond business development, providing support to the communities BEES serves.

For more details on our Entrepreneurship progress in 2021 Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks To expand the reach and impact of the BEES platform, we have also created the program BEES Together, which aims to create sustainable growth through digital inclusion, empower our customers and promote digital and financial literacy.

In the Dominican Republic, the Mi Negocio program has provided over 30,000 customers with access to business leadership tutorials through the BEES platform in the form of videos, podcasts and articles written by industry experts.

In Colombia, our Emprendedoras program, aimed at empowering women, has helped support more than 25,000 women since 2017 and is now partnering with BEES to continue training these women on how to improve their businesses.

In Brazil, our social impact business program Diverssa fosters entrepreneurship among women through learning sessions that promote digital education content and open dialogue with women retailers.

Going forward, BEES Together will work with many value streams across BEES to integrate social impact into the platform’s core offerings with the launch of three pillars BEE Bold, BEE Good, BEE Invested that build upon existing initiatives and leverage our relationship with retailers.

BEES Together is also working with retailers to help support the local communities in which they serve.

In December, BEES Together partnered with a local Brazilian NGO called Fome de A o to deliver food baskets in the northeast region of Brazil.

During the campaign, every retailer in Brazil had the opportunity to redeem their rewards points, earned by completing purchases and challenges in the BEES app, in exchange for a product to then donate to an eligible family in the region.

Through this campaign, more than 6,300 families received food baskets to make Christmas dinner.

Empowering women entrepreneurs is good for communities and for business We are working to empower women entrepreneurs across our value chain.

Women play a vital role in driving local economic development, and yet, in many communities across the globe, they lack access to the training, tools and finance needed to grow their businesses.

In Mexico, we are providing ongoing support and resources to retail owners of Modeloramas small, family run stores with strong connections to their neighborhoods and communities.

Modelorama owners receive marketing support, priority access to popular products, preferred pricing and cold beers from subzero coolers.

We also help owners grow their businesses through training and coaching.

For example, the local team is partnering with Z Tech, our technology and innovation hub, to offer credit lines, as well as loans for women applying to open a new Modelorama.

After seeing the success of this women led franchise model in Mexico, we adopted a similar approach in Bolivia with TiendasYa a retail chain backed by ZX Ventures and supported with our direct to consumer e commerce solutions.

Through a joint initiative with TiendasYa , our local beer brand Pace a and the Pro Mujer IFD Foundation, the initiative is creating a pathway for women to become financially independent.

As part of the initiative, the Pro Mujer IFD Foundation, with financial support from our local brand Pace a, offers store owners single signature loans, access to credit and personalized help from expert advisors in microfinance.

Now with more than 100 stores in five states, the goal is to have 60% of TiendasYa stores in Bolivia operated by women by the end of 2022.

In Peru, we developed Escuela Tienda Cerca (ETC), a virtual training platform for small retailers to strengthen their management, leadership and sales skills to help adapt their businesses to the COVID 19 pandemic.

Within the ETC platform, entrepreneurs can access educational videos and live online trainings through Zoom and YouTube.

These trainings cover topics like finance, digitalization, biosecurity, sales strategy, responsible sales and waste management.

In 2021, we trained over 6,000 small retailers, of which more than 4,300 were women, accumulating more than 12,000 hours of training and reaching 12 cities.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Our 100 Accelerator: Identifying and partnering with start ups creating a more sustainable future today Creating a future with more cheers requires innovation and collaboration.

We launched the 100 Accelerator program in 2018 to collaborate with entrepreneurs, innovators, engineers and scientists on some of the world’s most pressing challenges.

In early 2021, we welcomed The Coca Cola Company, Colgate Palmolive Company and Unilever as official program sponsors to help identify key shared sustainability challenges and to scale breakthrough technologies.

In September 2021, we announced our third cohort with 35 start ups that will be implementing solutions in over 20 countries.

Seventeen of the start ups are women founded, and ten are joint pilots with our corporate partners.

Collectively, the 100 Accelerator and its start ups are contributing to each of the 17 UN SDGs.

The 100 Accelerator played a transformational role in our technology validation and business trajectory.

By unlocking an opportunity to pilot our solution with a company like AB InBev, we were able to build a more compatible and sustainable solution to existing value chains.

Our plant powered alternatives to plastics will be launching for the first time with AB InBev and have since sparked additional interest from more than 50 other CPGs, brands and manufacturers globally.

Thanks to the 100 Accelerator, we are now one step closer to making all single use plastics plant powered for our planet.

Capacity building and market linkages help sustain growth Small businesses can sometimes struggle to access and operate in global value chains.

By leveraging our scale, internal expertise and local connection, we can support the development of small and medium sized businesses to become long term partners.

Our Smart Affordability strategy focuses on local sourcing to produce our beers with alternative starch sources.

In countries across Africa and Latin America, we are creating formal markets and new sources of income for crops like cassava and sorghum that have historically been grown as subsistence crops.

In Brazil, Ambev joined with community organizations and governments in 2018 to build local farm networks in four states suffering from high unemployment.

The project has injected more than 1.25 million USD into the local economy and is creating jobs and improving local agriculture.

Thousands of workers now help grow cassava, a tuberous root native to the area, for four beer brands, each brewed and sold by Ambev within its respective state.

The Nossa beer brand is made in Pernambuco, Leg tima in Cear , Magn fica in Maranh o and Esmera in Goi s.

Our team in Colombia launched the brand Nativa in 2021, Bavaria’s first beer made with cassava grown along the country’s Caribbean Coast by farmers from the departments of C rdoba and Sucre.

Its production connects small and medium sized cassava farmers to the region’s local value chain.

In its first year, the project reached more than 200 farmers and is expected to expand across C rdoba and Sucre over the next two years.

AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report 2021 46 are provided through an online virtual academy that covers financial management, marketing, human resource management and operational leadership.

In 2021, 315 suppliers graduated from the program.

The team also hosted a series of in depth webinars, as part of its Seminar PyME nar initiative, to 1,150 people, offering deeper insights and support to suppliers.

In addition to providing support to suppliers, the team also looks to engage potential suppliers in the communities where we operate.

In 2021, two supplier events were hosted at our Zacatecas and Hidalgo breweries to introduce new suppliers to our company and to give our procurement teams an opportunity to learn more about the products and services offered locally.

In Hidalgo, the event was held with support by the local government.

In Ecuador, our team at Cervecer a Nacional continued to improve the production of local crops through Siembra por Contrato, a program launched in 2020 through the brand Nuestra Siembra and supported by the national government.

The program connects barley, rice and corn farmers with training, technology and access to credit for inputs to grow quality crops for local beer production.

In 2021, our team delivered new machinery to barley farmers to help improve productivity and profitability.

For more information on our work with smallholder farmers, please see the Sustainable Agriculture section on pages 31 34 of this report.

We have designed supplier development programs to support large, medium and small businesses in our supply chain.

These programs have been adapted to the local context and needs, leveraging the tools we use in our own operations to support improvements in productivity and efficiency at scale.

In Mexico, our team has created a supplier development platform that is centered around providing skills training and knowledge sharing, supporting growth and development and strengthening supplier relationships.

Our company must be an inclusive and diverse workplace where everyone feels they belong regardless of their personal characteristics or social identities.

Our greatest strength is our people, and we support the opportunity for every individual to excel.

We work to continue fostering an inclusive workplace so that everyone can succeed in our business.

To deliver on our firm and unwavering commitment to meritocracy, an equitable, diverse and inclusive culture is essential.

Our D I strategy focuses on creating a future with more cheers through our people, workplace, marketplace, value chain and communities, because a diverse company is critical to connecting with consumers and driving business performance and innovation.

We are proud to report that we saw a 1pp increase (87%) from 2020 in the D I Index of our annual employee engagement survey.

We strive to be an inclusive workplace with equal opportunity Everyone at our company should feel comfortable, confident and respected to bring their authentic selves to work every day.

Toward that end, in 2021, our Middle America and South America Zones updated their benefits to support transgender colleagues through name changes.

We are working to champion Diversity Inclusion initiatives at the highest levels of our organization.

As a company of owners, we are all responsible for D I.

It must be embedded in how we think, behave and operate, starting from the top.

One example is our work with our leadership teams.

After launching our Global Diversity and Inclusion Council in 2020, we welcomed three new members in 2021, and we continue to collaborate with leadership on high impact D I decisions and initiatives.

To build a more inclusive workplace, in 2021 we trained over 9,800 colleagues in bias breaking for online performance review and trained 2,475 leaders in psychological safety.

We launched individual D I dashboards for all members of our Senior Leadership Team and colleagues in senior positions to track progress and ensure transparency on their own teams, as well as a D I dashboard for our People teams to track overall performance.

In addition, our Middle America Zone added 250 team members to MAZ Champions, a program for D I allies that actively contributes to strengthening and living the vision of an inclusive company, sharing best practices and helping to cascade D I strategies to our teams in the Zone.

Their achievements include the Women at the Wheel Program, which provides specialized training for women in both technical and leadership skills as a means to improve gender representation in the logistics operational levels.

Our team in Europe also has a community of 200 colleagues that have signed up as D I Ambassadors to help make our company a better and more inclusive place to work.

Achievements include establishing a partnership with LGBTQ rights charity Stonewall in the UK as well as activations and campaigns that have led to a four point increase in the D I index within the business unit.

At our favorite neighborhood stores the United States annually.

Looking at both gender (women compared to men) and race (minorities compared to non minorities) and adjusting for variables such as time in position and location, we found no statistically significant differences in compensation.

We are proud of these results and continue to expand this assessment globally.

To celebrate and support our women colleagues, we hosted a series of events in 2021, including a global celebration of International Women’s Day in March and a Women Who Brew event in our APAC Zone that was attended by over 400 people.

We believe in supporting our colleagues through important life events.

It is good for our business in the long term and for our people and their families around the world.

Parental Policy that was launched in 2018, our Europe and Africa Zones updated their parental leave and return to work policies in 2021 to empower new parents.

Globally, we ran a survey on working parents to gather deeper insights into the needs of this group.

We offer support for our colleagues who are new parents through programs such as BetterUp, a mobile, personalized coaching platform that offers one on one personalized coaching and access to specialists to provide support for topics such as work life balance and stress management.

We are using the power of our brands to inspire change In the US, Michelob ULTRA is drawing attention to the inequity of women’s sports.

Our brand committed to investing 100 million USD over the next five years, allocating 50% of the brand’s lifestyle media toward women’s sports and adding to its roster of female athletes and influencers to increase visibility for women’s sports.

In Argentina, our Quilmes beer brand helped shine a light on the power of women’s soccer by questioning the timing of a key women’s match, which was scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon.

Quilmes bought two hours on TNT sports to broadcast the game in prime time, which resulted in the highest rating in women’s football in history.

It aims to enhance leadership capabilities, increase readiness for crucial leadership roles and equip participants with the capabilities needed to drive future growth.

This program comprises individualized executive coaching and digital experiences to help drive development and foster connection and collaboration between female peers.

We also started our first Global Inclusive Leadership Program for 80 colleagues at the Vice President level.

This program is designed to raise awareness of the strategic importance of D I at our company and to assess and develop leaders’ inclusive leadership capability.

It comprises six reinforcing stages, from alignment to activation, assessment, development, calibration and reinforcement, to help drive real impact in the career outcomes of our executive leaders.

Both the Women’s Leadership Program and the Inclusive Leadership Program are key elements of a broader Global D I Curriculum, designed in 2021 with the aim to advance D I through the development of a consistent platform and to build capabilities for leaders to foster and sustain behavior change.

We continue to empower women by working to diversify our next generation of global leaders through the demographics of our Global Management Trainee (GMT) program and Global MBA (GMBA) program.

In 2021, our GMT class was made up of 58% women, 42% men and 32 nationalities.

Our 2021 GMBA class was made up of 54% women, 46% men and 10 different nationalities.

Remuneration linked to ESG targets ESG related targets tied to annual variable performance related compensation (bonus) are cascaded from the highest level of our company to all business and operating units.

In 2021, over 3,000 colleagues across different zones and functions carried annual performance targets linked to delivering our ESG strategy, including our Chief Sustainability Officer, Chief Legal Corporate Affairs Officer, Chief Supply Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief People Officer.

Internal ESG Committees To manage ESG topics that span across several business functions, we have established internal committees to provide visibility and accountability and foster collaboration and best practice sharing between business functions as well as between zone teams.

These committees include the D I Council, Sustainability Council, Human Rights Steering Committee and Global Smart Drinking Community of Practice.

We consult regularly with an independent, external group of experts as environmental advisors who focus on water and agricultural sustainability.

These advisors bring a diverse perspective and advise on decision making, target setting and program strategies and implementation of our Water Stewardship and Smart Agriculture programs.

AB InBev has developed and implemented comprehensive management systems for our operations worldwide, including agricultural and packaging material production facilities, beverage production sites and distribution centers: Voyager Plant Optimization (VPO, applicable to agricultural, packaging and beverage operations) and Distribution Process Optimization (DPO, applicable to Tier 2 wholly owned distribution centers).

AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report 2021 52 that cover all aspects of our supply chain operations, including safety, product quality, environment and human resource requirements, among others.

VPO and DPO were developed by benchmarking management philosophies and ways of working across multiple industries and have continuously evolved and improved since their inception to drive performance, adapt to changing business needs and provide visibility and accountability across our global operations.

All requirements within VPO and DPO meet or exceed the relevant legal and regulatory requirements where we operate, while also meeting or exceeding internationally recognized certification program standards, such as The International Organization for Standardization (ISO), British Retail Consortium (BRC) and Global Food Safety Index (GFSI).

Under VPO and DPO, all AB InBev supply chain facilities have annual targets related to how well they execute the VPO and DPO management systems to achieve their performance objectives across all aspects of the operation.

Facilities are audited by internal teams a minimum of once per year to ensure adherence and continuously benchmark across sites for further improvements to the systems.

The VPO and DPO management systems provide for consistent management of key topics across our global operations.

Below is an overview of the pillars within these systems to manage safety, product quality, environment and people.

The health and safety of our colleagues is a key value.

AB InBev strives to create a positive safety culture where every employee has responsibility for their own safety, while the company holds itself accountable for providing a safe work environment.

We developed and execute our safety programs as a part of our VPO and DPO management systems.

These programs are applicable to all of our supply chain facilities worldwide, including agricultural and packaging material production facilities, beverage production sites and wholly owned distribution centers.

The systems are continuously improved as we strive to achieve our dream of zero injuries globally.

The VPO and DPO safety systems were developed by benchmarking internally and across multiple industries, while also leveraging internationally accepted safety standards like ISO 45001.

Our VPO and DPO safety management systems meet or exceed local, regional and national regulatory requirements and, in most cases, meet or exceed ISO requirements.

Our passion for beer transfers to our uncompromising commitment to quality and a quality culture embraced from the facility floor through the boardroom.

We developed and execute our quality management system as a part of our VPO and DPO management systems.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks packaging material production facilities, beverage production sites and wholly owned distribution centers.

The VPO and DPO quality systems were developed from over 150 years of quality experience and best practices, while also leveraging internationally accepted quality and global food safety standards like ISO 9001 and GFSI.

We have adopted strict food safety standards into VPO and DPO so that our breweries and facilities are food safety certified or certification ready, as assessed by external auditors.

We extend these standards to our suppliers as well.

We track and monitor product quality through key performance indicators (KPIs) like consumer feedback so that our consumers enjoy fresh, great tasting beers.

Compliance with VPO and DPO quality requirements is validated through a comprehensive auditing program and our continuous improvement on quality KPIs.

If consumers should have any questions, compliments, comments or issues, they may call our toll free customer service number printed on our packaging and speak to a company representative.

This is one of our 10 guiding principles we operate by as a company.

In support of this principle, we have developed and implemented a comprehensive People Pillar as part of our VPO and DPO management systems that is applicable to all functions across our business and that guides our ways of working.

The People Pillar encompasses all aspects of human resources management, including organizational design, recruitment and selection, compensation, learning and development, work environment, engagement, talent retention and career development.

This pillar was developed through extensive benchmarking efforts across a variety of industries and Fortune 500 companies, as well as through partnerships with consultants recognized for their subject matter expertise on human capital topics.

Compliance with the People Pillar is validated through a comprehensive auditing process.

We work to continuously improve this system as we strive to be a company of owners who recruit, develop and retain people who can be better than ourselves.

Brewing great beers depends on a resilient natural environment and thriving communities.

We are proud of our unwavering commitment to environmental stewardship.

Aligned with that commitment, we have developed and implemented a comprehensive environmental management system as a part of our VPO and DPO management systems.

These systems are used in all of our supply chain facilities worldwide, including agricultural and packaging material production facilities, beverage production sites and wholly owned distribution centers.

The VPO and DPO environmental management systems were developed through internal and industry benchmarking and by leveraging internationally accepted standards like ISO 45001.

Our VPO and DPO environmental management systems meet or exceed local, regional and national regulatory requirements and, in most cases, meet or exceed ISO requirements.

These systems have been key enablers for our significant reductions to date in water and energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions and have guided our continued efforts to preserve and protect the environment in and around the communities where we live and work.

All visitors and contractors at our facilities must adhere to the same environmental requirements as our own colleagues, and we manage compliance to our VPO and DPO environmental management systems through a comprehensive auditing process.

These systems are continuously updated and improved as we work to improve our performance and achieve our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks Awards Recognitions We are proud to have our ESG efforts recognized by leading rating and rankings agencies and awards organizations.

Other Corporate Governance Initiatives The Board of Directors and our leadership team are committed to promoting and maintaining the highest standards of ethical behavior and transparency.

This guides everything that we do as an organization and serves as our foundation in creating a future with more cheers.

For more information on the internal codes, standards and global policies we have implemented to address a range of ethical issues, please see the Ethics Transparency section on page 38 of this report.

AB InBev is committed to creating value for its shareholders.

The company encourages its shareholders to take an active interest in the company.

In support of this objective, it provides quality information, in a timely fashion, through a variety of communication tools.

These include annual reports, half yearly reports, quarterly statements, financial results announcements, briefings and a section that is dedicated to investors on the AB InBev website (www.ab inbev.com investors.html).

AB InBev recognizes that a commitment to disclosure builds trust and confidence with shareholders and the public in general.

The company adopted a Disclosure Manual to demonstrate its commitment to best practices in transparency.

This manual is designed to ensure that there is full, consistent and timely disclosure of company activities.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks gatherings in place in Belgium at the time, the annual shareholders’ meeting held on 28 April 2021, by exception, took place without physical attendance of shareholders.

Shareholders were offered the possibility to submit questions in writing and to participate by mail in advance of the meeting or by giving a proxy to a person designated by the company.

The meeting was recorded and an audiocast is accessible on our corporate website.

The convening notice for the upcoming annual shareholders’ meeting to be held on 27 April 2022 will be published on 25 March 2022 and will contain further information on the format of the meeting and modalities for participation.

In light of the continuing COVID 19 pandemic, the company will be guided by health and safety concerns and the measures and recommendations made by public authorities in Europe and Belgium.

The company’s Code of Dealing is applicable to all members of the Board of Directors and to all our colleagues.

The Code of Dealing aims to prevent the abuse of inside information, especially in periods leading up to price sensitive events or decisions or announcement of financial results.

The Code of Dealing prohibits dealing in the company’s securities during any closed period (e.g.

In addition, before dealing in any securities of the company, members of the Board of Directors and members of senior management must obtain clearance from a Clearance Committee.

Compliance with the Code of Dealing is reinforced and monitored through the company’s Compliance Program.

In accordance with EU Regulation 596 2014 on market abuse (MAR), the company establishes lists of insiders when required.

In addition, pursuant to the same regulation, (i) members of the Executive Committee (ExCom) and (ii) members of the Board of Directors notify their trades (above a 5,000 Euro yearly threshold) to the company and to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA), which publishes these notifications on its website.

We believe that a diverse team improves the quality of decision making and ultimately improves overall performance.

Diversity and inclusion is a global priority for our leadership team, as they are important enablers of the success of the company and its people.

For more information on how we are championing D I across the company and our value chain, please see pages 47 49 of this report.

We are proud to have 30 nationalities represented on the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) and the senior management level below.

Two out of 18 members on the SLT are women (compared to one out of 18 last year).

The representation of women in the senior management level below the SLT has remained constant compared to last year.

We continue to work to promote all aspects of diversity in our senior management team, with a focus on building a diverse talent pipeline, considering the respective skills, education, experience and background.

The process for nominating and selecting candidates for the Board of Directors is described in the Corporate Governance Charter of Anheuser Busch InBev.

We aim to have a balanced and diverse Board primarily considering, among other things, the respective skills, education, experience and background.

Currently, five out of our 15 Board members are women (same ratio as last year).

Anheuser Busch InBev is a company incorporated under Belgian law with a primary listing on Euronext Brussels (Euronext: ABI) and with secondary listings on the Mexico Stock Exchange (MEXBOL: ANB) and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE: ANH) (ISIN: BE0974293251) and with American Depositary Shares ( ADSs ) listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

As a Belgian company with primary listing on Euronext Brussels, Anheuser Busch InBev adheres to the principles and provisions of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code (www.corporategovernancecommittee.be) ( the Corporate Governance Code ), taking into account its specific status as a multinational group with secondary listings in Mexico and Johannesburg and with ADSs listed in New York.

The corporate governance practices of Anheuser Busch InBev are described in our Corporate Governance Charter.

For further information relating to our corporate governance, including Board and Board Committee composition, responsibilities and practices, shareholder rights and our remuneration policy and practices, please see the Corporate Governance Statement in the 2021 Annual Report and the GRI table on page 71 of this report.

Prior to the annual shareholders’ meeting, shareholders are invited to submit any questions they have for the Chairman or the CEO for discussion during the meeting.

The agenda for the shareholders’ meeting and all related documents are also posted on the AB InBev website at least 30 days in advance of any shareholders’ meeting.

Shareholders have the right to vote on various resolutions related to company matters.

If they are unable to attend a meeting, they can submit their votes by mail or appoint a proxy.

Minutes of the meetings and results of the votes are posted on the AB InBev website shortly after the meeting (www.ab inbev.com investors corporate governance shareholder meetings.html).

In 2017, we formally engaged stakeholders through our materiality review process, and the results informed our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Since our 2017 assessment, our business and the world have evolved tremendously.

Therefore, in early 2020 we conducted a new materiality assessment to reflect the aspects most material to our stakeholders in order to continue to focus on critical economic, social and environmental issues as a business and community partner.

Materiality assessment In 2020, the materiality assessment process mapped key economic, social and environmental issues on a matrix based on the degree of stakeholder interest and potential business impact.

External stakeholders include civil society non governmental organizations (NGOs), customers (retailers) and consumers, regulators, business partners, suppliers and investors.

This matrix to the right illustrates the view of internal and external stakeholders interviewed, with the rankings helping to inform the evolution of our sustainability and responsibility strategy.

It is important to highlight that we do not view these issues in isolation, as in many cases they are interconnected.

We will conduct a new materiality assessment every few years.

In the meantime, though, we continuously engage stakeholders through various channels to stay informed about existing and emerging topics most material to our business and to continue evolving our approach with the support of external expertise, industry best practice and feedback.

The infographic on the following page gives an overview of how we engage key stakeholders throughout the year.

Description We are closely connected to the communities where we live and work.

We strive to contribute positively to important issues such as sustainability, smart drinking and road safety in such communities.

We are focused on matters where we can be part of the solution and make the greatest positive impact.

Beer brings people together to celebrate life, and we serve our consumers by offering the highest quality products and meaningful brand experiences in a responsible way.

Description We engage with policy makers at different levels in government to provide our views on issues that are important for our business and the well being of our communities.

We do this in alignment with our Code of Ethics and local legislation.

Description We partner with valued retailers, bar owners, wholesalers and distributors to bring our beers to our consumers while supporting their business growth, striving to provide best in class service and pursuing extraordinary execution of our brands on and off trade.

How we engage Initiatives related to Smart Drinking and.

How we engage Official consultations to private sector.

Activities supporting communities like disaster response and volunteering.

Areas of interest Service quality Product quality Sales performance.

Areas of interest Local economic development Responsible business that contributes positively to society and the environment.

Areas of interest Public policy Regulations Harmful alcohol use reduction Environmental stewardship Road safety Disaster response.

We recruit, develop and retain people who can be better than ourselves.

Description Relationships are essential to our operations especially with our suppliers.

Mutual collaboration is a key element to creating a resilient supply chain that delivers value and contributes toward our sustainability goals.

Description We recognize no single organization can solve today’s global challenges alone effective partnerships are critical to addressing the most pressing challenges of today, and tomorrow, and the private sector must play a proactive role.

Description We value the trust of our shareholders and are constantly working to provide positive results.

We are committed to creating value and delivering consistent, profitable growth.

Areas of interest A diverse and inclusive workplace Career development Workplace health and safety Well being and engagement.

Areas of interest Transparent and fair procurement practices, in line with the Global Responsible Sourcing Policy.

Opportunities for development and collaboration webcasts.

Areas of interest Working collectively to address pressing challenges.

Areas of interest Continued growth in corporate value Well defined corporate strategy Transparency and timely disclosure.

We have created this ESG index to provide more information on the broad range of ESG related topics that matter to our key stakeholders and are material to our business.

More than just a key ingredient in our products, water is a critical resource for the health and well being of every community around the world.

Water scarcity or poor water quality may increase production costs and capacity constraints or impact our license to operate, impact our reputation in the community or result in water related regulatory changes, which could adversely affect our business.

We intend to continue implementing tailored solutions across all our sites located in communities facing water stress and measuring our impact on water quality and availability.

We also plan to continue to identify and test innovative solutions to improve our internal water use efficiency as well as our external watershed work.

Climate change is one of the most pressing challenges facing our company globally.

Our business is closely tied to the natural environment: agricultural crops and water are our key ingredients, we require raw materials for our packaging, and we need energy and fuel to brew and transport our beers.

Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, could have a long term, material impact on our business.

We intend to explore new technologies and partnerships and engage our supply chain through the Eclipse platform to deliver on our Climate Action Goal and work toward our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

We intend to continue exploring technologies and processes that have the potential to scale and reduce energy use within our operations.

Reducing our energy use can help deliver long term financial benefits while also contributing to a reduction in our GHG emissions and supporting our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Environmental concerns, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could have a long term, material impact on our business and results of operations.

Improving the materials we use can help deliver long term financial benefits and provide our business with long term packaging supply security while also eliminating waste.

Changes in the availability or price of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our operations.

We plan to continue to work across our operations and within our local communities to champion circular economy and systems transformation.

All facilities plan to continue to pursue 100% recycling rates in their operations to achieve zero waste globally.

We intend to continue to strengthen our approach to human rights across our value chain.

Recycled 99.29% of the waste generated in our beverage production processes in 2021.

Suppliers representing 30% of procurement spend screened through procurement risk management.

With operations in nearly 50 countries, it is imperative that we manage our waste responsibly.

We not only comply with local laws and regulations but also often apply our own higher global standards, especially in places where there are limited environmental regulations.

We believe that respecting human rights is fundamental to creating healthy, thriving communities, as reflected in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Environmental concerns, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could have a long term, material adverse impact on our business.

Through our business operations and value chain, we have the potential to impact people in both positive and negative ways.

We seek to embed respect for human rights within our decision making processes.

We understand that negative human rights issues, whether actual or perceived, could undermine the trust of our stakeholders and could adversely impact our reputation and business.

New programs were implemented to increase recycling rates and reduce waste.

Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into secondary materials versus the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

We depend on high quality agricultural crops from thriving communities and healthy ecosystems to brew our beers.

Changes in the availability or price of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our operations.

Invested more than 450 million USD in social norms marketing programs and campaigns (2016 2021), which includes more than 100 million USD in 2021.

Launched over 98 social norms marketing campaigns (2016 2021).

We will continue to seek out partnerships that will enable scalable approaches to soil health, improved biodiversity and other regenerative agriculture practices across geographies and crops to build resilient farming communities and food systems.

We plan to continue to prioritize embedding Smart Drinking into the architecture of our brands.

We plan to continue working to expand the availability of NAB and LAB products and to meet the needs of our consumers.

Social norms marketing is an evidence based methodology to reduce harmful consumption of alcohol, particularly when combined with our brands’ strong connection to consumers.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

The WHO recommends giving consumers the choice of lower and non alcoholic beer options as a tool to reduce harmful consumption of alcohol.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

We aim to harness the power of digital in promoting Smart Drinking in our communities.

We plan to continue to share our progress and take measures to increase D I within our company and across our value chain.

We aim to replicate and scale up, with the support of our community, three types of interventions that have been proven to be evidence based in reducing harmful drinking: responsible beverage service, screening and brief intervention and road safety.

Harmful consumption of alcohol could have an adverse impact on our business.

Our ability to successfully recruit, retain, manage and develop key personnel impacts our performance and the ability to operate our business.

We know that diversity of thought delivers better decision making and more innovative ideas.

An inclusive workplace is also critical as it enables individuals to feel empowered to share their unique perspectives and ideas, supporting higher engagement, productivity and retention rates.

If any of our products are defective or found to contain contaminants, we may be subject to product recalls or other associated liabilities, which could adversely impact our business, reputation and performance.

Launched new online trainings that focused on topics such as anti corruption, supply chain ethics, digital ethics, anti money laundering and our Code of Business Conduct.

We plan to continue to follow our quality management programs to deliver quality for our consumers.

We will seek out opportunities to work with our colleagues and value chain partners to promote and maintain the highest standards of ethical behavior.

We operate in emerging markets that present political, economic and operational risks, as a result of political and economic instability, a lack of well developed legal systems and potentially corrupt business environments.

We operate in countries with a broad range of cultures and business practices, making it important that we are guided by a clear and consistent code of business ethics and guidelines for all of our colleagues around the world.

The health and safety of our colleagues and partners is a core value of our company.

We are committed to training our colleagues to make the right choices for safety, for themselves and for others.

The health and safety of our colleagues and partners, as well as safety issues within our own operations or those of our suppliers, could lead to negative impacts on our performance, ability to operate and reputation.

We depend on high quality agricultural crops and water from healthy ecosystems and can help protect and restore biodiversity through our work in agriculture and watersheds.

We rely on the products and services of millions of small businesses, including farmers, suppliers, retailers, start ups and recycling collectors.

As our digital transformation and innovation projects continue to advance, we aim to comply with applicable laws and also ensure that our business’s, consumers’, customers’ and colleagues’ data are secured and processed in an ethical manner.

Environmental concerns, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address environmental concerns, could have a long term, material adverse impact on our business and operations.

Effective supplier and distribution networks enable us to produce and deliver our products to consumers.

Disruptions in these networks could have a material impact on our ability to operate.

In addition to the risk of business disruptions, changing laws and stakeholder expectations may mean we are not able to collect and use personal data.

This creates economic and reputational risks and also impacts our capacity to create, use and launch data driven tools and initiatives that are key for us to operate, innovate, grow and remain relevant in the market.

Mapped global biodiversity pressures across 30 regions in our direct agricultural supply chain to identify opportunities for biodiversity action.

Approximately 2,000 colleagues participated in Digital Ethics tailored trainings.

We will continue our commitment to preventing serious injuries and fatalities, reducing occupational injuries by reducing exposure to safety hazards and further building a culture of safety across our entire business.

We plan to seek out ways to embed biodiversity initiatives into our programs and will continue to engage with partners and industry groups to drive greater collective action on biodiversity.

We plan to continue seeking out partnerships that empower small businesses and entrepreneurs across our value chain to help promote their success.

We plan to continue building out our tools, processes and resources to support digital ethics across our business.

Our people have always been, and will always be, our greatest strength.

By looking after their well being and development and investing in our people, we create human capital for our business.

Our ability to successfully recruit, retain, manage and develop key personnel impacts our performance and the ability to operate our business.

The COVID 19 pandemic has exacted a heavy toll on society, government and business alike, underscoring the need for decisive, collective action on the world’s most pressing social and environmental challenges.

Disruptions from COVID 19 and its impact on our people, partners, communities and supply chains could have an adverse impact on our business.

Continued to foster a culture of learning through global training programs that develop key functional and leadership capabilities in areas like Marketing, Sales, Supply and Procurement.

We will continue to listen to, develop and empower our people.

We will continue to work with governments and partners to drive a strong and inclusive recovery, investing in environmental resilience, promoting Smart Drinking and supporting sustainable livelihoods across our value chain.

We believe we can play a positive role in building communities that are more resilient to disasters by working alongside government, civil society and other private sector organizations to reduce disaster risk and support response efforts whenever disasters occur.

Every year, many communities around the world are affected by droughts, earthquakes, wildfires, floods and other natural disasters.

These occurrences are on the rise, and this trend is set to continue, driven by urbanization, the degradation of natural ecosystems and climate change.

We intend to continue leveraging our business capabilities and local connections to support our communities in preparing for and responding to disasters.

Donated drinking water to victims of extreme flooding in Belgium and Germany.

Donated food, water, clothing, blankets and more to people affected by flooding in Zacatecas, Mexico.

Delivered canned drinking water to support disaster response in Canada.

Supported communities after flooding in the Taqui a River basin in Bolivia.

Our people are passionate about supporting their communities.

Sustainable and inclusive growth of the communities where we live and work is fundamental to our business success.

We will find new ways to empower our colleagues to share their talents and time to strengthen their communities.

Volunteered at a local library and organized English classes in South Korea.

Helped pub owners reopen after the COVID 19 lockdowns in Belgium.

Supported initiatives to respond to a volcano eruption on La Palma in the Canary Islands.

Ran more than 30 virtual and in person volunteer activities in Mexico to celebrate World Water Day, World Environment Day, Smart Drinking Week and International Volunteer Day, with over 16,000 participants.

Ran a virtual volunteering program to support local entrepreneurs in Peru.

Provided new training tools for community leaders through our social impact platform Valor in Argentina.

Organized a beach cleaning day in Paraguay, collecting approximately 59,000 kg of trash.

Donated time and knowledge, as well as online management classes, to support NGOs in Brazil.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals are our most ambitious sustainability public commitments yet.

Introduced in March 2018, the goals aim for holistic environmental and social impact and to drive transformational change across our entire value chain.

Our company’s leadership and a cross functional team of more than 70 colleagues designed these goals to deliver bold action today with measurable results that will drive long term resilience and lasting positive impact.

Please see Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture and Circular Packaging sections on pages 21 37 of this report to learn more about how sustainability and the achievement of our 2025 Sustainability Goals are managed at AB InBev.

The table to the right highlights our 2021 performance against key indicators related to our 2025 Sustainability Goals.

Our goals and data as included in the table on water, GHG emissions per hectoliter of production and energy pertain to our beverage facilities only and do not encompass our vertical operations such as malt plants and packaging facilities.

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompass beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities.

For additional information regarding the KPI’s scope, please refer to the report scope on page 92.

Scope 1 accounts for 67.7% of our operational emissions and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and in cogeneration plants that generate on site electricity.

Scope 2 accounts for about 32.3% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix of supplier based numbers, global emission factors and assumptions for purchased goods and services, upstream and downstream distribution, product cooling (including on and off premise but excluding at home cooling) and end of product life.

Around 50% of emissions are calculated with own data or data reported by suppliers through the CDP.

We currently use a hybrid approach to measure Scope 3 data, leveraging a mix of supplier reported data and industry available data.

We expect that our ambition to achieve net zero and the supporting data may be revised as measurement standards, modeling methodology and the level of data granularity improve over time.

In line with our new sustainability goals, energy reporting will shift to energy purchased versus energy usage.

Energy purchased per hl aligns with our RE100 sustainability goal of offsetting 100% of our purchased electricity with electricity sourced from renewable resources.

Energy purchased per hl was not reported for breweries acquired from SABM in 2017.

For 2021, renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new build renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the commitments we have already made to our 100% renewable electricity goal, while our operational electricity measures our actual annual realization.

The data correction has been done following the external supplier audits.

Smart Agriculture data is based on up to date estimates.

Commitment to the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles Contribution to the UN Sustainability Goals (SDGs) : ESG Report p. 78 83 Support the World Health Organization (WHO) target of reducing the harmful use of alcohol Signatory to the United Nations Global Compact: ESG report p. 2, 40, 84 Annual Report p. 19 Committed to the principles and guidance contained in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Our purchase contracts contain a clause that binds suppliers to our Global Responsible Sourcing Policy.

Our contracts state that suppliers must comply with all applicable laws, including environment, health, and safety rules, as well as that suppliers shall not use forced or involuntary labor or corrupt business practices.

All advertising impressions are targeted to those above the legal drinking age.

We follow labeling mandates in every market we operate in.

Where there is not already government mandated labeling in place and where it is permissible by local regulation, we aim to include a guidance label in 100% of the eligible beer volume by 2021.

By end of 2021, 100% of eligible beer volume included a voluntary guidance label.

Minimum 3% of AB Inbev' annual media buying budget should be invested in Smart Drinking campaigns.

Member of the International Alliance for Responsible Drinking (IARD).

Partnership with IARD and the World Federation of Advertisers.

Our packaging goal applies to our primary packaging which represents more than 83% of our total packaging volume by weight globally, though our work in circularity extends to secondary packaging and post consumer waste.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

Our priority crops include barley, rice, hops, maize, sorghum and cassava.

Social and environmental considerations for these supply chains are discussed in the Sustainable Agriculture and TCFD sections of this report.

Approximately 200 breweries in more than 50 countries Approximately 40 verticalized operations (incl. hop farms and.

We believe that the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the 17 UN SDGs are the foundation for a sustainable future.

In fact, we contribute directly to a majority of the UN SDGs through sustainability commitments and initiatives across our entire value chain.

Implement skills training and increase access to finance, insurance and technology for smallholder farmers, informal recycling collectors and small retailers in our value chain.

Conducted living income research in Uganda smallholder supply chain to inform program initiatives.

Work with farmers and communities in high risk watersheds to increase water resilience.

Invest in research and extension to increase farmer resilience through the adoption of sustainable.

Began implementation of our impact framework in recycling supply chains in Brazil and Mexico that work with informal collectors to identify and address potential challenges faced.

Work with over 22,000 farmers through our direct sourcing programs, of which over 16,500 are smallholders.

In 2021 74% of direct farmers were Skilled, 65% were Connected and 69% were Financially Empowered.

Implement framework in direct sourcing regions to advance a common set of soil health principles that leverage locally relevant practices, building on existing initiatives and developing new ones.

Invest in technology to advance crop research and variety development for barley as well as for smallholder crops like cassava and sorghum.

Expanded partnership with Together for Safer Roads to improve the operation safety of small to mid size fleets.

Implement skills training programs for smallholder farmers, informal recycling collectors and small retailers in our value chain, with a specific focus on engaging and empowering women.

Provide training and tools to suppliers to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains through the Eclipse platform.

Continue to hire, develop and promote women across our organization, with women making up 14% of our top three leadership levels, 26% of our top five leadership levels, 34% of our salaried workforce and 21% of our overall workforce.

Launched individual D I dashboards for all members of our Senior Leadership Team and colleagues in senior positions to track progress and ensure transparency on their own teams.

Kicked off the second cohort of our Women’s Leadership Program, investing in 50 women leaders through an immersive, personalized program.

Develop partnerships and programs to empower women retailers, farmers, waste collectors and suppliers across our value chain.

Investments from 2016 through 2019 amounting to 255.31 million USD have been reviewed and validated through prior assurance processes.

The remaining investment contribution will be assured in 2022.

Engage local stakeholders to identify and implement tailored solutions to improve water quality and availability in our communities facing water stress: 100% of sites located in high stress areas have analyzed local water cchallenges, 83% of sites located in high stress areas have started implementing solutions, and 3 sites located in high stress areas are measuring impact.

Aguas Firmes project in Mexico: supporting farmers on drip irrigation and conservation agriculture practices and implementing nature based solutions.

Amunas project in Peru: focusing on improving water availability through the restoration of ancestral water channels and strengthening water management capacity of rural communities.

Identify and implement solutions to improve our operational water use efficiency through internal management system and innovation initiatives.

Achieved a water use efficiency ratio of 2.66 hl hl, a 13.91% improvement since 2017.

Continued partnership between Stella Artois and Water.org, helping provide 3.6 million people in the developing world with access to safe water since 2015.

Published guide with TNC called Measuring and Evaluating the Impact of Corporate Watershed Projects to help practitioners develop robust measurement and evaluation plans for watershed projects.

Published report with WWF called Waterways to Resilience, demonstrating how nature based solutions can help address water challenges and support climate adaptation.

Announced that we will be providing renewable electricity to retailers in Brazil and access to renewable electricity options for retailers in Ireland.

Announced launch of renewable thermal energy projects at Magor brewery (hydrogen) and Maputo brewery (solar).

Employed 169,000 colleagues across our global operations.

Conducted child labor research in our Brazil, Zambia and Uganda sourcing regions, and action plans are being developed based on the findings.

Continued to develop human rights processes in our Brazilian logistics supply chain related to migrant workers.

Worked in high risk areas to reduce the risk of violent assault by focusing on efforts like going cashless in our Tier 2 distribution channels, actively monitoring all vehicles in high risk areas and implementing a violence prevention toolkit.

Continued to explore the use of technology to further embed and support a culture of safety by piloting AI safety monitoring to detect certain safety behaviors in our operations, scaling forklift pedestrian collision prevention technologies and trialing fatigue detection in trucks.

Developed a human rights risk map through our newly formed Human Rights Steering Committee, which provides an assessment of the possible issues present in our operations and value chain.

Conducted living income research in Uganda smallholder supply chain to inform program initiatives.

Trained over 9,800 colleagues in bias breaking for online performance review and trained 2,475 leaders in psychological safety.

Provided support through disaster response measures in 11 countries.

Provided 2.3 million liters of emergency drinking water.

Recycled 99.29% of the waste generated in our beverage production processes in 2021.

Waste Management: percentage of recycling is the ratio between the volume of byproducts and waste recycled into secondary materials versus the total production volume of byproducts and waste in a certain period per unit.

Provide training and tools to suppliers to measure and track decarbonization across their supply chains through the Eclipse platform.

Launched our new ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

Reduced Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions 28.63% vs. 2017 baseline.

Reduced Scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 13.58% vs. 2017 baseline.

Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement emission reduction initiatives and work on collaborative innovations.

Announced the lease of 200 electric trucks in Colombia.

Announced 3 carbon neutral facilities, 2 in Brazil (Ponta Grossa and Passo Fundo) and 1 in China (Wuhan).

Continued investing in barley variety research on our Fort Collins facility.

Our global brand Corona continued to invest in plastic waste mitigation activities across markets, including beach cleanups, to achieve a net zero plastic footprint.

Published report with WWF entitled Waterways to Resilience: Nature based Solutions for Adaptation in.

Partner with The Nature Conservancy to develop and implement a framework for soil health in our direct.

Developed partnership with WWF and other stakeholders in South Africa to conduct clearing of invasive plant species to increase water availability and protect the watershed and biodiversity in the hops growing region of George, South Africa.

Launched new online trainings for colleagues covering anti corruption and anti money laundering.

Utilize our compliance data analytics platform BrewRIGHT to aggregate, standardize and visualize company systems to identify, detect and prevent fraud and corruption within our operations.

Engage in industry associations and groups and multilateral organizations such as:.

Launched partnership with Unilever, The Coca Cola Company and Colgate Palmolive to pilot, share.

Developed the Eclipse platform to provide education and training support to suppliers to implement emission reduction initiatives and work on collaborative innovations.

We are committed to the UN Global Compact and its Ten Principles for responsible business and the SDGs. Below is a reference for where more information can be found in relation to each principle.

Understanding the potential climate related risks and opportunities for our business and value chain informs our long term strategy.

We believe this enables us to innovate, create shared value for our company and our stakeholders and engage our consumers and future talent on the issues that matter to them.

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures As we seek to transition to a more sustainable, low carbon economy, we have examined our business using the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to assess and communicate risks and opportunities related to climate change.

Our analysis assesses different climate risk scenarios to identify related actions, metrics and targets over various time horizons.

We have assessed the potential risks and opportunities to our business and reputation that may come from changes in policy and law, new technology, evolving consumer sentiment and market conditions, as well as acute and chronic physical risks.

Further, we have undertaken an analysis of our barley sourcing to assess the possible impacts of climate change as well as to identify areas of high production potential.

We have used a multipronged approach for our analysis, engaging with academia, NGOs, government institutions and industry alliances to understand climate patterns and evaluate future risk.

Governance Please refer to Our ESG Governance Framework on page 51 of this report.

Strategy In March 2018, we set our 2025 Sustainability Goals, which aim for holistic environmental and social impact in the areas most material to our value chain: Smart Agriculture, Water Stewardship, Circular Packaging and Climate Action.

Through our Climate Action Goal, we are building climate resilience by committing to transition our global operations to 100% renewable electricity and reduce our GHG emissions by 25% across our value chain.

In 2018, following the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recommendation, we committed to reducing absolute Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 35% by 2025 from a 2017 base year, in line with the pathway to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.

Furthermore, we committed to increasing annual sourcing of renewable electricity from 7% in 2016 to 100% by 2025.

We also committed to reducing emissions across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 25% per beverage by 2025, from a 2017 base year.

We included over 87% of our total Scope 3 emissions in our science based target, putting us well over the two thirds inclusion threshold that is required by the Science Based Targets initiative.

In December 2021, we announced our ambition to achieve net zero across our value chain by 2040.

With this ambition, we aim to reduce absolute GHG emissions, and our strategy centers on reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions and categories within Scope 3 emissions that have the most material impact.

Scope 3 categories included in our ambition to achieve net zero: the use of alternative fuel vehicles, the latter of which we have piloted across all our zones.

In 2021, about 4.5% of our emissions, or around 1.4 million tons CO2e, came from electricity consumption in our own operations.

We are committed to reducing 100% of these emissions by adopting 100% renewable electricity by 2025.

Our strategy to reach this goal is based on adding additional renewable capacity to the grids of the countries where we operate, taking a market by market approach to identify solutions for each individual grid.

As members of the global corporate renewable energy initiative RE100, we follow the initiative’s guidelines with our renewable electricity sources coming from solar, wind, biomass, biogas, geothermal and water.

We also follow RE100 guidelines on energy generation, leveraging self generated energy through either on site installations or off site PPAs.

Logistics, including upstream and downstream distribution, represented around 9.4% of our global GHG emissions in 2021.

These emissions come from the burning of petrol, diesel and other fuels in all forms of transportation, including trucks, ships and trains.

Through the strategic plan of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we estimate that we will eliminate over five million tons of CO2e across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2025 from a 2017 baseline.

Climate related risks and impact We evaluate transition and physical risks linked to climate change in line with TCFD recommendations.

Risks associated to our organization are related to both our direct operations and supply chain, and range from the impact of carbon pricing in the geographies where we operate, to risks associated with climate pattern changes, to water scarcity and extreme weather events across our value chain.

We also consider the risks related to market changes and consumer expectation as well as the impact these could have on our reputation as a company.

We considered two scenarios in our analysis, using the recommended Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP): (1) a sustainable future in which global warming is limited to well under 2 degrees Celsius above pre industrial levels (RCP 2.6: representing rapid alignment with the Paris Agreement) and (2) an extreme global warming scenario in which global warming reaches 4 degrees Celsius (RCP 8.5: representing a failure of policy makers to implement the Paris Agreement).

Our assessment shows that all scenarios analyzed present financial risks related to both transition and physical risks.

The most significant impacts are reflected in our agricultural supply chain and in selected physical risks related to water availability, which are described in the findings below.

In order to evaluate risks and opportunities, we set a time horizon as follows: a.

Physical risks are assumed to be the same over the short and medium term.

In the long term, physical risks are different in each scenario analyzed, as the likelihood of extreme weather events increases as temperature patterns increase.

These risks are difficult to assess beyond 10 years.

Following the recommendations of the framework, we evaluated risks associated to: a.

Policy: the environmental policies and regulatory considerations where our organization operates and the implications on our direct and indirect supply chain b.

Relevant Scenarios: The risks and opportunities described above were considered under two scenarios, taking into account the implications over the long, medium and short term (defined above).

These two scenarios were built by the IPCC and take into consideration other analyses from groups such as the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the International Energy Agency (IEA).

Peak in radiative forcing before 2100 (490 ppm CO2) and then decline (2.6 W m2).

Coupled with SSP1: Rapid technology change, high environmental awareness, low energy, high economic growth and low population growth.

Coupled with SSP5: Rapid technology for fossil fuels, high energy demand, high economic growth, low population growth.

Rising radiative forces leading to 8.5 W m2 or 1370 ppm CO2 by 2100.

The outcome of this analysis has informed our climate strategy as described in this report (pages 21 25).

Scenario analysis outcomes and our related response The following tables summarize the outcomes of our analysis.

In the Sustainable Development scenario (Scenario 1), there are anticipated risks associated with new public policies, changing consumer preferences and market disruptions, though physical risks are assumed to be lower in this scenario.

Under the Business as Usual scenario (Scenario 2), policy risks to the business are assumed to be limited in the short and medium term, though water scarcity and the likelihood of extreme weather events in this scenario could increase physical risks in the long term.

In both scenarios, we provide a high level overview of our responses.

While the two scenarios provide divergent potential futures, we believe that our current strategy will enable us to address the potential risks and opportunities presented under each scenario.

In this scenario, climate regulations and compliance costs are expected to accelerate after 2025.

Although no significant impact is identified for the business in the short term, we are exposed to the implications of fuel and energy taxes on our purchased energy in the medium to long term.

In this scenario, climate regulations are not expected to change significantly.

No significant impact is identified for the business as major markets are not projected to release significantly more stringent regulations in this scenario.

For our total energy needs, 75% comes from thermal energy.

In this scenario, adoption of low carbon technology is accelerated to respond to consumer preferences, market pressure and changing regulations.

There is no anticipated impact on current technology, as countries will continue business as usual with no increased pressure on markets, consumer demand or changing regulations.

Consumer behavior is changing and demand for purpose driven products is increasing, with preferences for products with lower emission impact.

Consumer behavior is changing and demand for purpose driven products is increasing.

In this scenario, this trend is not expected to accelerate in the medium to long term.

Our local operations in every country in which we operate evaluate relevant regulatory risks and opportunities.

This informs strategic decisions on investments and plans related to carbon pricing.

As part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we have set a science based target to reduce our GHG emissions by 25% per beverage across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year and to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35% in the same timeframe.

We believe this goal, coupled with our ambition to achieve net zero, can help mitigate the impact of potential upcoming regulations by reducing our direct emissions.

Reducing our direct emissions will mitigate the impact on emerging regulation.

Since 2017 we have reduced our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by over 28%, putting us well ahead of our 2025 goal.

We are continuously looking for opportunities to improve thermal efficiency and to switch to fuels from more sustainable sources.

We have identified technologies in these areas to help lower our operational emissions as we implement them in our facilities as part of our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040 (for more information, see Our Ambition to Achieve Net Zero ).

In addition to this, we also continue to work on improving our energy efficiency with the opportunity to reduce operating costs.

We continue to innovate and partner through our 100 Accelerator and Eclipse supplier platform to identify and implement technologies that will help us solve existing and future challenges.

We continue to invest in our brands so that they are well positioned to meet changing consumer needs.

As consumer demands for more sustainable products increase and regulations become more stringent, reputation risk is expected to increase, though it is difficult to quantify.

In a business as usual scenario, countries are not expected to align to the Paris Accord.

However, in this scenario, we would continue delivering on our 2025 Climate Action Goal ahead of market expectations.

In this scenario, we would continue delivering on our 2025 Climate Action Goal.

In the last 4 years, we have reduced emissions in our operations by over 28% and have reduced our emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by more than 13% per hectoliter.

Although risk to reputation is difficult to measure, having a long term ambition underpinned by short term action helps strengthen our reputation with global and local stakeholders.

We depend on a reliable, quality supply of agricultural crops to create our products.

The company employs crop research and agronomy teams and invests in agricultural technologies to manage raw materials costs and minimize disruptions.

Across ABI’s sourcing regions we work to develop higher yielding, higher quality brewing crop varieties that are also resource efficient, disease resistant, and resilient to climate stressors such as drought.

For barley in particular, we support farmers on their crop production practices with analytics and insights to improve crop management decisions from season to season.

Direct Operations: In this scenario, there is potentially a reduced risk of extreme weather events in the long term.

Severe weather could potentially impact assets, increasing the cost of capital.

As we continue to grow, we will assess the physical risk associated with both existing and new operating regions.

Supply Chain: As the planet warms, there is a higher likelihood of yield declines for several crops in certain geographies where we operate.

Our product is one that is highly dependent on natural environment, and while we do not foresee an immediate impact in the short term, risks due to extreme weather events could potentially impact and disrupt agricultural supply chains in the medium to long term, resulting in increased costs on our materials.

Direct Operations: A business as usual scenario increases exposure to risks associated with extreme weather events.

Nevertheless, the certainty of these events is difficult to measure.

Severe weather could potentially impact assets and supply chains in several countries around the world where there is a higher risk of occurrence of extreme weather events as temperatures rise above 2 degrees.

Supply Chain: No significant impact is expected to the business in the short term.

In the medium to long term, there is a potential risk of significant raw material pressures due to yield decreases in crops such as barley, rice and maize in certain regions.

While we do not foresee an immediate impact in the short term, such risks could potentially impact and disrupt agricultural supply chains in the medium to long term, resulting in increased cost and complexity in the supply chain.

Risk of water availability is predicted to be lessened in this scenario.

Nevertheless, water supply risk over the next decade can be expected to manifest in particular regions where we operate.

Risk of water availability over the next decade is expected to increase according to the World Resources Institute (WRI) and will exacerbate risk in a business as usual scenario.

Our local operations undertake detailed analysis in every country in which we operate in order to evaluate relevant regulatory risks and opportunities.

This informs strategic decisions on investments and plans related to carbon pricing.

As part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal, we have set a science based target to reduce our GHG emissions by 25% per beverage across our value chain by 2025 from a 2017 base year and to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 35% in the same timeframe.

We believe this goal, coupled with our ambition to achieve net zero, can help mitigate the impact of potential upcoming regulations by reducing our direct emissions.

Reducing our direct emissions will mitigate the impact on emerging regulation.

Since 2017 we have reduced our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by over 28% putting us well ahead of our 2025 goal.

We recognize the importance of continuing to analyze potential climate related impacts and to further integrate the results of these analyses into decision making processes as our company evolves and climate related science progresses.

As the world’s leading brewer, we are dedicated to working toward a lower carbon economy through our 2025 Sustainability Goals as pioneers in sustainable brewing.

We continue to refine our analysis and response as our understanding of potential future climate risks and opportunities evolves.

Our goals and data as included in the table on GHG emissions per hectoliter of production pertain to our beverage facilities only and do not encompass our vertical operations such as malt plants and packaging facilities.

Total direct and indirect GHG emissions data encompass beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities.

For additional information regarding the KPIs scope please refer to the Report scope section on page 93.

Scope 1 accounts for 67.7% of our operational emissions and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and in cogeneration plants that generate on site electricity.

Scope 2 accounts for about 32.3% and represents emissions from purchased electricity.

Scope 3 emissions constitute estimates based on a mix of supplier based numbers, global emission factors and assumptions for purchased goods and services, upstream and downstream distribution, product cooling (including on and off premise but excluding at home cooling) and end of product life.

Around 50% of emissions are calculated with own data or data reported by suppliers through the CDP.

We currently use a hybrid approach to measure Scope 3 data, leveraging a mix of supplier reported data and industry available data.

We expect that our ambition to achieve net zero and the supporting data may be revised as measurement standards, modeling methodology and the level of data granularity improve over time.

Renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new build renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the commitments we have already made to our 100% renewable electricity goal, while our operational electricity measures our actual annual realization.

This index references the WEF Stakeholder Capitalism Core Metrics where they may align with our disclosures.

Overview of the EU Taxonomy Regulation This section contains the EU Taxonomy disclosures required by Article 8 of Regulation 2020 852 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation).

Article 9 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation identifies the following six environmental objectives: a) climate change mitigation, b) climate change adaption, c) the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, d) the transition to a circular economy, e) pollution prevention and control, f) the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

The EU has published a catalog of economic activities that can be considered for the first two environmental objectives: climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation (the Climate Delegated Regulations).

The sectors currently covered include energy, selected manufacturing activities, transport and buildings.

For reporting in 2021, only the proportion of Taxonomy eligible economic activities in turnover, capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenditure (OpEx) are required to be disclosed.

Taxonomy alignment will be determined and disclosed in subsequent reporting years.

As these activities are not tied directly to our core revenue generating activities, our current Taxonomy eligible CapEx and OpEx ratios are by year end 2021 approximately 1%1 and 2%2 respectively.

Initial application of the EU Taxonomy Regulation The amounts used for the calculation of the turnover, CapEx and OpEx ratios are based on the reported data in the consolidated financial statements included in the 2021 Annual Report to which this report is an annex.

We have concluded that our core economic activities related to producing and selling beer are not covered by the Climate Delegated Act and consequently are at present not considered Taxonomy eligible.

As none of our revenue generating activities are described currently in the Climate Delegated Regulations, our EU Taxonomy eligible turnover for 2021 is zero.

If and when the specific economic activity manufacturing of food products and beverages is added to the future Delegated Regulations, we expect our KPI for Taxonomy eligible turnover to increase.

Current other activities and outlook on our potential for Taxonomy eligibility going forward It is important to note that non eligibility under the EU Taxonomy Regulation refers to the fact that the activities at present remain outside of the scope of the economic activities for which technical screening criteria have been developed under the Delegated Regulations.

As such, it is relevant to clarify that turnover, CapEx and OpEx currently considered non eligible under the EU Taxonomy Regulation should not be interpreted as an indication of our performance in pursuing or having attained our sustainability objectives.

Additionally, we would expect these KPIs to increase as the four remaining environmental objectives are added to the Delegated Regulations and additional activities are included in the criteria for all environmental objectives.

We continue to explore ways to reduce our emissions through our commercial strategy and invest in the decarbonization of our operations and value chain as part of our 2025 Climate Action Goal and our ambition to achieve net zero by 2040.

We will continue to assess our Taxonomy eligible and aligned activities considering the evolving legal framework of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and to further integrate the requirements of the EU Taxonomy framework in our business model and reporting policies and procedures.

CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy eligible CapEx (numerator) divided by our total CapEx (denominator).

Total CapEx includes additions to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (excluding Goodwill), and right of use assets, including additions resulting from business combinations.

Our total CapEx can be reconciled to notes 13 and 15 of our consolidated financial statements.

OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy eligible OpEx (numerator) divided by our total OpEx (denominator).

Total OpEx consists of direct non capitalised costs that relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short term lease and maintenance and repair.

This report provides information about the progress toward our 2025 Sustainability Goals and Global Smart Drinking Goals and covers relevant and significant environmental, social and governance topics for the 2021 calendar year, complementing our 2021 Annual Report.

Our 2021 Environmental, Social Governance Report is an annex to the 2021 Annual Report that serves as our non financial reporting on corporate social responsibility matters in accordance with article 3:6, 4 and 3:32, 2 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, which implement Directive 2014 95 EU of 22 October 2014 amending Directive 2013 34 EU.

Alongside our environmental sustainability and Smart Drinking initiatives, information on our eight strategic ESG priorities Smart Drinking Moderation, Climate, Water Stewardship, Sustainable Agriculture, Circular Packaging, Ethics Transparency, Entrepreneurship and Diversity Inclusion can be found on pages 12 49 of this report.

Additional information on topics such as employee engagement, product quality, volunteering and disaster response are included in the ESG index of this report (pages 60 69).

These sections are intended to provide updates to stakeholders, including investors, colleagues, governments, NGOs, customers and consumers in countries where we operate.

AB InBev prepared the 2021 AB InBev ESG Report (these chapters and website) using the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards as guides.

To help determine the content developed, a materiality assessment was conducted, which helped identify the key issues that are of most importance to our stakeholders and our company.

Our materiality assessment may be found in the Governance and Stakeholder Engagement section of this report on page 56, and the GRI and the SASB indices are included in the ESG Index and Reporting Frameworks section starting on page 71.

Our 2025 Sustainability Goals and overall sustainability agenda align with several of the UN SDGs established by the United Nations in 2015.

Activities throughout our operations and supply chain are aligned to the metrics that are considered the most material to our business and critical to our stakeholders.

We are focused on areas where we can make the most significant positive impact.

The data and stories presented in this report were gathered and verified with the assistance of content owners across all functions and geographic zones.

AB InBev has established processes for accurate and consistent reporting of Smart Drinking, 2025 Sustainability Goals and safety performance data, as well as key performance indicators (KPIs).

In the Assurance Report of the Independent Auditor (page 94) and in key places throughout the report (pages 42 and 70), we we have identified which metrics have been externally assured by KPMG.

Environmental data from newly acquired operations are excluded from the running cycle.

These facilities will be included in future reporting.

Safety data is immediately tracked and monitored for all sites and included unless otherwise stated in text or footnotes.

For all environmental and safety data, divestitures and closures are removed from the scope for the reporting year, but prior years are not adjusted.

End of year incident data in this report is captured in mid January of the following year and validated based on information from that point in time.

Injuries may develop and change status based on further medical diagnosis, treatment and incident management.

This is a consistent practice to enable accurate year over year data comparison of a single point in time.

Subsequent changes to the injury classification in the years following the reporting year are not taken into account for current year’s reporting purposes nor in the comparative data of prior years.

Global goals on water, energy purchased and GHG emissions presented in this report, as well as KPIs such as energy usage, include AB InBev’s wholly owned, which includes both our beverage and vertical operations unless stated otherwise in text or footnotes.

Energy usage and purchased excludes the energy exported to third parties and certain projects under construction.

The excluded energy use and purchase does not reflect the amount of energy used in our beer brewing processes.

For our beverage and vertical operations, including malting and packaging facilities, we use our operations management system VPO.

The key performance indicators energy usage, water usage and Scope 1 and 2 emissions per hectoliter of production (in kg CO2 hl) exclude vertical operations.

Specific data tables contain footnotes for additional data.

Special Operations are operations that fulfill one or more criteria including, but not limited to: reduced volume, low number of FTEs, complexity of brand mix, unusual products or production processes are excluded from the reporting scope.

The potential impact of the 74 SOPs facilities accounted for in 2021 is estimated to be 2.2% of the total Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

The following assumptions are applied for the calculation of this percentage: 1) country average of Scope 1 and 2 emissions per hl is applied, 2) average production volume per country is applied, 3) for experimental centers, the tons of CO2 applied are the same as the ones for small facilities, and 4) for the SOPs verticalized operations, emissions averages from larger existing sites apply.

For 2021, renewable electricity is reported by two metrics: operational electricity and contracted electricity.

Our primary strategy is to help fund new build renewable electricity projects, and as these can take time to build, we believe it is important to report both metrics.

The contracted electricity metric tracks the commitments we have already made to our 100% renewable electricity goal, while our operational electricity measures our actual annual realization.

For recycled content calculation, a weighted average of recycled content is calculated based on purchases for each supplier and recycled content in the material.

Our packaging goal applies to our primary packaging which represents more than 83% of our total packaging volume by weight globally, though our work in circularity extends to secondary packaging and post consumer waste.

Table of contentsMessage from our Chairman and CEOOur commitment to a future with more cheersOur strategic ESG prioritiesGovernance and stakeholder engagementESG index and reporting frameworks are committed to reaching a minimum of 50% recycled content.

Data on recycled content percentage is provided by suppliers and tracked on a regular basis.

Packaging purchases are derived from AB InBev’s owned procurement system.

In 2019 we started with suppliers’ audits to further assess reliability of the recycled content data.

While we were not able to complete planned visits due to COVID 19 in 2020 and again in 2021, we were still able to engage with suppliers virtually, discussing their key performance indicators, measurements and main projects to enable improving recycled content.

We were able to run several engagements across different zones and categories, and we collect data from our suppliers to calculate our recycled content progress.

Our aim in 2022 is to resume supplier visits and to launch a website for suppliers to input data on recycled content that would help to improve frequency, visibility and quality of data collection.

Corona’s Net Zero Plastic Footprint refers to the brand recovering more plastic from the environment than it releases into the world.

Achieving this milestone comes after an extensive external assessment by South Pole, a leading climate solutions provider, of Corona’s global operations against the 3RI Corporate Plastic Stewardship Guidelines.

The brand also followed the Verra Plastic Waste Reduction Standard to calculate the impact of Corona’s mitigation activities.

For Scope 1 and 2 emissions calculation, the facilities in scope described above are included.

Scope 3 emissions, which account for information beyond our operations and that impact our supply chain, are estimated values based on a mix of own and third party data.

Total percentage of Scope 3 emissions follow the Science Based Targets initiative, where at least 66% of emissions are to be included in target scope.

Approximately 50% of Scope 3 data is own data and data provided by suppliers via CDP.

CDP data is used to calculate supplier based emissions of raw and packaging materials used in the manufacturing of beer.

A hybrid approach that has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative and CDP is used, which entails a mix of own data, supplier data and market estimates.

Scope 3 includes the following out of the 15 categories: purchased good and services, upstream and downstream distribution, emissions related to fuel use not included in Scope 1 and 2, use of product (product cooling, including on and off premise and excluding at home cooling) and end of product life.

Categories excluded include: capital good, waste generated in operations (more than 99% of waste generated is recycled), business travel, employee commuting, upstream and downstream leased assets, processing of sold products, franchises and investments.

These categories represent approximately less than 10% of total Scope 3 emissions.

We expect that our ambition to achieve net zero and the supporting data may be revised as measurement standards, modeling methodology and the level of data granularity improve over time.

This report contains forward looking statements regarding estimations into the future.

These generally include words and or phrases such as will likely result, aims to, will continue, is anticipated, it is estimated, anticipate, estimate, project, result, is predicted, may, might, could, believe, expect, plan, potential or other similar expressions.

These statements are subject to uncertainties and are out of scope of assurance.

Actual results may differ from those stated in this report due to, but not limited, the impact of climate change, water stress, financial distress, negative publicity, our availability to hire and or retain the best talent, emerging regulations and reputation of our brands, the ability to make acquisitions and or divest divisions, access to capital, volatility in the stock market, exposure to litigation and other associated risks not mentioned, as well as risks identified in our Form 20 F filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.

Additional information about AB InBev’s climate and water risks, management and performance of such is available through CDP.

Total Energy purchased and Energy purchased per Hectoliter of Production (page 70).

Percentage of purchased (operational) electricity from renewable sources (page 70).

Percentage of contracted electricity from renewable sources (page 70).

Total Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions and GHG Emissions per Hectoliter of Production (page 70).

Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) and total GHG Emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) per Hectoliter of Production (page 70).

Percentage of recycled content in primary packaging (page 70).

The information reviewed as part of our limited assurance engagement has been indicated throughout the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report with the symbol ’.

Conclusion Based on our procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Selected Information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applied reporting criteria as disclosed in the section Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

Basis for our conclusion We have performed our review on the Selected Information in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000: Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information , issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.

This review engagement is aimed at obtaining a limited level of assurance.

Our responsibilities under this standard are further described in the section Our responsibilities for the review of the Selected Information’ of our report.

Our conclusion has been formed on the basis of, and is subject to, the matters outlined in this report.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

Scope of the group review AB InBev is the parent company of a group of entities.

The Selected Information incorporates the consolidated information of this group of entities as disclosed in the section Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

Our group review procedures consisted of both review procedures at corporate (consolidated) level and at site level.

Our selection of sites in scope of our review procedures is primarily based on the site’s individual contribution to the consolidated information.

Furthermore, our selection of sites considered relevant reporting risks and geographical spread.

By performing our procedures at site level, together with additional procedures at corporate level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate evidence about the group’s reported information to provide a basis for our conclusion on the Selected Information.

Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the Selected Information The Board of Directors of AB InBev is responsible for the preparation of the Selected Information in accordance with the applied reporting criteria as described in the section Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report, including the identification of stakeholders and the definition of material matters.

The choices made by the Board of Directors of AB InBev regarding the scope of the information in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report and the reporting policy are summarized in the section Report Scope’ on page 92 in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.

The Board of Directors is also responsible for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the Selected Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Our responsibilities for the review of the Selected Information Our responsibility is to carry out a limited assurance engagement and to express a conclusion based on the work performed.

We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.

Reviewing relevant internal and external documentation, on a limited test basis, in order to determine the reliability of the Selected Information.

Preliminary and final analytical review procedures to confirm our understanding of trends in the Selected Information at site and corporate level.

Mike Boonen Partner engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Selected Information is free from material misstatement.

Procedures performed in an assurance engagement to obtain a limited level of assurance are aimed to determine the plausibility of information and are less extensive than a reasonable assurance engagement.

The level of assurance obtained in limited assurance engagements is therefore substantially less than the level of assurance obtained in a reasonable assurance engagements.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or errors and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the decisions of users taken on the basis of the Selected Information.

The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our review procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements on our conclusion.

We apply the International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional scepticism throughout the review, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, ethical requirements and independence requirements.

Procedures performed Our limited assurance engagement on the Selected Information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of the Selected Information, and applying analytical and other evidence gathering procedures, as appropriate.

Identifying areas of the Selected Information where material misstatements are likely to arise, designing and performing limited assurance procedures responsive to those areas, and obtaining assurance evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

Developing an understanding of internal control relevant to the limited assurance engagement in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing a conclusion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control.

Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used and their consistent application, including the reasonableness of estimates made by management and related disclosures to the Selected information.

Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information, for carrying out internal control procedures on the Selected Information and consolidating the data in the 2021 AB InBev Environmental, Social Governance Report.