2021  
ESG Summary

The information within this PDF is as of June 28, 2022.

As a general matter, recent organizational changes (e.g., acquisitions and divestitures) 
are reflected in our reporting as soon as data becomes available, at which point, 
previously reported impacted metrics that are deemed significant are recast to 
consistently reflect the impact of the organizational changes.

Unless otherwise noted, information available with respect to our acquisitions of 
Hangzhou Haomusi Food Co., Ltd. (Be & Cheery), BFY Brands, Inc. (BFY), Pioneer Food 
Group Ltd. (Pioneer Foods), Rockstar Energy Beverages (Rockstar) and SodaStream 
International Ltd. (SodaStream) is included herein.

Targets apply to PepsiCo’s operations as well as our value chain (e.g., franchise bottlers, 
joint ventures where PepsiCo has operational control, co-manufacturers, etc.) unless 
otherwise noted.

Message from leadership

Message from the CEO, Ramon Laguarta

What does it mean to be a truly  
sustainable company? 

For a long time in the business world, “sustainability” 
was a buzzword. A term often applied with little 
consistency and less intention to various disparate 
initiatives. In some ways, sustainability used to be a side 
project or a distraction: a drain on precious resources 
and a potential drag on the bottom line. 

Those days are over. Our stakeholders — consumers, 
customers, investors, communities, governments, and 
NGOs — demand action. They want a more focused, 
more integrated approach — that places sustainability 
at the heart of business operations. 

At PepsiCo, we recognize that the futures of our 
company, communities, and planet are all inextricably 
linked. That reality has been driven home again and 
again in recent years, first by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
then the deadly conflict in Ukraine. Through it all, 
climate change has continued to increase its impact 
on our fragile ecosystems, leading to extreme weather, 
crop failures, and changes in the range and abundance 
of certain plants and animals. All of these issues have 

resulted in a collision of food shortages, supply chain 
bottlenecks, and a refugee crisis unlike anything Europe 
has seen since World War II. 

In this context, we have been thinking hard about what 
it means to be a truly sustainable company, one that 
creates growth and value for all of our stakeholders. 
We know that to be successful five years, 10 years, 20 
years from now, we need to create more resilience in 
our business. And that means we need to change what 
we do and how we do it.

In September 2021 we launched a strategic, end-
to-end transformation of our business. We put 
sustainability and human capital at the center of how 
we will create growth and value, by operating within 
planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change 
for the planet and people. We call this approach 
PepsiCo Positive (pep+), reflecting a new reality where 
consumers, customers, our associates, investors, 
regulators, and many other stakeholders are becoming 
more interested in the future of the planet and society. 
From sourcing ingredients to making and selling our 
products more sustainably, pep+ connects the future of 
our business with the future of our planet.

Ramon Laguarta, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of 
PepsiCo, discusses regenerative farming practices with UK potato farmer, Gavin Janaway, 
on a recent trip to the UK.

“

We know that to 
be successful five 
years, 10 years, 
20 years from 
now, we need 
to create more 
resilience in our 
business.

“

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryMessage from leadership

The launch of pep+ is a turning point for PepsiCo.

We have an opportunity to use our scale

countries and territories where our products

to help build a more sustainable food system:

are sold

200+

25+

crops sourced from over 7 million

>1 billion

acres in more than 30 diﬀerent countries

interactions with consumers each day

By advancing our pep+ goals, we believe we will be a 
consistent top market performer and a force for good by 
doing what’s right for people and the planet.

As we evolve our approach to sustainability, how we 
report our progress and success will also evolve.

This year marks our first-ever Environmental, Social, and 
Governance (ESG) Summary. The Summary includes 
how we’re leveraging our brands, people, and scale to 
create positive change, and illustrates progress with the 
latest real-life examples. The revamped digital format 
seamlessly directs stakeholders to the most relevant 
information, sitting atop a wealth of detailed data, 
updated regularly on our time-stamped ESG Topics A-Z 
resource. 

It’s a significant change for us, but we are starting from 
a position of strength, as Corporate Secretary has 
recognized us for best ESG reporting for the second year. 
I am confident that our reporting will only improve as we 
work toward a fully integrated structure, where we publish 
our Annual ESG Summary alongside our Annual Report.

2

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachMessage from leadership

This inaugural Summary features information on our strategy, goals, and progress with pep+ and its three pillars: 

Positive Agriculture

Positive Value Chain

Positive Choices

Positive Agriculture is about our aspiration 
to source crops and ingredients in a way that 
restores the earth, makes the soil healthier, 
sequesters carbon, and eliminates deforestation 
whilst also strengthening farming communities. 

Positive Value Chain is our focus on making products that 
build a circular and inclusive economy, including goals for 
reaching net-zero emissions, becoming net water positive, 
introducing more sustainable packaging, continuing our 
Racial Equality Journey, among others. 

Positive Choices is about using our brands 
to inspire people to make better choices for 
themselves and the planet.

Learn more  

Learn more  

Learn more  

3

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachMessage from leadership

A Message from the CEO, Ramon Laguarta

To illustrate how pep+ looks in practice, take how we 
envision the transformation of products like our iconic 
Lay’s potato chip. Lay’s is already the world’s largest food 
brand. To maintain that position, we need to continue to 
work toward our goals and take decisive and sustainable 
actions. That means the chip you love will start with a 
sustainably grown potato on a regenerative field. Then 
the chip will be made and delivered from a Net-Zero and 
Net Water Positive supply chain, sold in a beautiful bio-
compostable bag, and be the best tasting product with 
the lowest sodium levels in the market. That’s the future 
of the #1 potato chip. That is the future of our company.

With the current uncertainty in the world, there might 
be a temptation to slow down our investments in pep+. 
I don’t believe we should do that. In fact, we should, and 
will, do the opposite. As leaders, we should continue 
investing in sustainable packaging and regenerative 
agriculture, making our supply chains more sustainable 
and ensuring our brands innovate in positive spaces.

By becoming better ourselves, we not only meet the 
needs of our stakeholders but position ourselves for 
long-term growth. We can help define for the world what 
it means to be a truly sustainable company, and build a 
stronger, more resilient future for us all. 

Ramon LaGuarta 
PepsiCo Chairman of the Board of Directors and  
Chief Executive Officer

CSO message

“

PepsiCo remains committed to taking a leadership 
role in the creation of a more sustainable food 
system that preserves the planet and positively 
impacts people and communities across the 
world. With the ongoing volatility around the globe, 
our pep+ agenda continues to be the right path for 
our planet and our business.

“

Jim Andrew 
Chief Sustainability Officer

CFO message

“

The investments we have made in pep+ aim to 
ensure the sustainability of our business and the 
hundreds of thousands of jobs we support across 
our global supply chains — creating growth and 
value within planetary boundaries while inspiring 
positive change for people and the planet.

“

Hugh Johnston  
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

4

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachOur ESG approach

About PepsiCo

Our vision is to Be the Global Leader in Beverages and 
Convenient Foods by Winning with PepsiCo Positive (pep+). 

pep+ is our strategic end-to-end transformation that puts sustainability 
and human capital at the center of how we will create value and growth. 

>1 billion

200+

times each day PepsiCo products 

countries and territories where 

are enjoyed around the world

our products are sold

300,000+

employees

>$79 billion

net revenue in 2021

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG Summarypep+ pillars

We’re charting a new course to drive positive action for 
the planet and people. A better food system means better 
outcomes for the earth, and all of us. 

By becoming better ourselves, we can help build a stronger, more 
sustainable future for us all. pep+ will guide our business — how we 
operate within planetary boundaries and inspire positive change for 
the planet and people.

We’re evolving how we source our ingredients and make and sell our 
products, and how we inspire people through our brands.

Positive Agriculture

We’re working to source our 
crops and ingredients in 
ways that restore the earth 
and strengthen farming 
communities.

Learn more  

Positive Value Chain

We’re helping to build 
a circular and inclusive 
value chain.

Learn more  

Positive Choices

We’re inspiring people 
through our brands to 
make choices that create 
more smiles for them and 
the planet.

Learn more  

2

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approach 
 
 
Our value chain

Across our value chain, PepsiCo is using our global reach and expertise to drive solutions at scale. 

PepsiCo’s sustainability strategy targets every stage of our complex value chain 
to use resources more efficiently, reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, 
replenish water, improve our products and recapture packaging materials.

Investments in our circular and inclusive value chain will help accelerate the 
systemic change needed to address major global challenges.

 1

 2

 3

 4

 5

 1

Agricultural Sourcing

PepsiCo sources crops from more than 30 countries and supports more than 100,000 
jobs throughout our agricultural supply chain. The standards we apply and promote can 
help improve the environmental, social and economic health of agricultural communities 
around the world.

 2

R&D and Manufacturing

We spent >$750 million on R&D in 2021 as part of our continued investment in developing 
quality and innovative beverages and convenient foods. Our 294 manufacturing 
facilities bring together innovators and operations teams who work to use water, energy 
and ingredients efficiently to create our beverages and convenient foods. In 2021, we 
produced more than 90 million metric tons of beverages and convenient foods. 

 3

Distribution

PepsiCo products are sold in over 200 countries and territories. In 2021, our company-
owned fleet traveled approximately 1.2 billion miles worldwide to bring PepsiCo products 
to customers. We are working to reduce the impact of those miles by continuing to adopt 
more efficient vehicles and practices.

 4

Consumption

PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than 1 billion times a day. We’re 
responding to changing consumer preferences by transforming our product portfolio 
and reformulating many of our beverages and convenient foods to reduce added sugars, 
sodium and saturated fat.

 5

Post-Consumer

PepsiCo’s sustainable packaging vision is to help build a world where packaging never 
becomes waste by driving the shift from a linear economy to a circular economy. We 
continue to grow our portfolio of Beyond the Bottle offerings, innovate to develop 
sustainable packaging and work to improve recycling infrastructure.

3

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachOur sustainability journey

In 2006, PepsiCo started on a journey to transform the way we do business so that we can 
deliver strong financial returns in a way that is responsive to the needs of the world around us.

2006

2009

2010

Launch of Performance 
with Purpose, integrating 
sustainability into our daily 
business operations

Naked Juice first U.S. brand 
to transition to 100% rPET 
bottles

Our first all-electric delivery 
trucks hit the road

2012 

PepsiCo wins prestigious 
Stockholm Industry 
Water Award

2013

2017

2018

Sustainable Farming Program 
(SFP) launches; as of 2021, 
more than 90% of grower-
sourced crops are sustainably 
sourced worldwide through SFP

1st demonstration farm opens 
in India; in 2021, 72 farms 
are testing and sharing best 
practices around the world

PepsiCo acquires 
SodaStream, #1 sparkling 
water brand in the world by 
volume, with the potential to 
avoid 200 billion single-use 
plastic bottles by 2030

2019

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

PepsiCo receives 
Climate Leadership 
Award

PepsiCo achieves shift 
to 100% renewable 
electricity in U.S. direct 
operations

PepsiCo exceeds safe 
water access goal 5 
years early, delivering 
access to safe water to 
more than 55 million 
people to date since 
2006

PepsiCo announces 
a 2030 goal to 
spread regenerative 
agriculture practices 
across 7 million acres, 
estimated to eliminate 
at least 3 million tons 
of GHGs

PepsiCo sets an 
ambitious new target 
to achieve net-zero 
emissions by 2040, 
one decade earlier than 
called for in the Paris 
Agreement

PepsiCo’s Net Water 
Positive vision sets a 
new standard in water 
stewardship

pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) 
is introduced

PepsiCo is recognized with 
the inaugural Terra Carta 
Seal awarded by His Royal 
Highness The Prince of Wales 
and Sustainable Markets 
Initiative for demonstrating 
commitment to, and driving 
momentum towards, 
the creation of genuinely 
sustainable markets

4

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachGovernance

We believe strong governance is the foundation for delivering on 
our pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) agenda. At PepsiCo, our ESG approach is 
integrated into, not separate from, our business. 

In governing using this approach, we maintain a similarly integrated structure 
that combines Board and senior leadership oversight with the subject-matter and 
localized expertise that informs our strategy and how we execute it.

The full Board considers ESG issues to be an integral part of its business strategy 
oversight. To this end, our Sustainability, Diversity and Public Policy Committee 
assists the Board in providing more focused oversight of key sustainability, diversity, 
equity and inclusion and public policy matters. This Committee is comprised entirely 
of independent directors and reflects a mix of public policy, risk, international and 
science-related skills, qualifications and experience.

Strategy and progress against our pep+ goals are regularly reviewed during meetings 
of an Executive Committee sub-committee composed of members of our senior 
leadership management team and also reviewed as part of the expanded Executive 
Committee agenda. This provides opportunities for our senior leadership to align on 
major strategic issues relating to ESG.

PepsiCo’s Global Sustainability Office, led by the company’s Chief Sustainability 
Officer with Sustainability teams in each sector, drives governance and delivery of 
the company’s sustainability agenda across the value chain. Serving as the central 
connection point, the Sustainability Office works closely with leaders from across the 
business to drive continued progress against our pep+ agenda and ensure that ESG is 
embedded into our long-term strategic planning.

Learn more about PepsiCo’s pep+ Governance on our ESG Topics A-Z  

Our reporting strategy

Our reporting is the primary way that PepsiCo informs key stakeholders 
about our sustainability ambitions and progress. Our stakeholders include 
investors, potential and current employees, customers and consumers, 
suppliers, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), regulators and others.

Understanding that stakeholder needs differ, we publish a suite of reporting elements, 
targeted at different stakeholder groups. We combine disclosure of strategy, policy, 
data and case studies, according to our understanding of stakeholder interest. Our 
reporting suite comprises:

•  This ESG Summary: An evolution from our prior Sustainability Report, our digital 
ESG Summary provides a high level overview of our pep+ agenda and progress 
made during the year. It aims to demonstrate the integration between ESG and our 
business, and is designed to link seamlessly with ESG Topics A-Z for more detail and 
the latest updates. Users can also use the ‘Report Builder’ functionality to download 
a version tailored to their interests.

•  ESG Performance Metrics: Time-series data for our key sustainability goals, intended 
to support ESG analysis, primarily for financial stakeholders, ESG raters and NGOs.

•  Indices and framework responses and other topic-specific disclosures: These map our 
reporting to specific metrics established by key reporting frameworks including the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and CDP (formerly 
the Carbon Disclosure Project) climate, water and forest responses. It also includes 
specialized reporting, such as our annual Green Bond Reports.

•  ESG Topics A-Z: An evergreen deep-dive on around 50 sustainability-related topics 
designed to provide accessible, consistent information for those looking for greater 
depth on PepsiCo’s ESG strategy, management, policies, progress and partnerships. 

We are constantly evaluating our goals and progress, assessing the technical and 
regulatory challenges we face in achieving our ambitious objectives, and innovating 
new ways to keep moving forward. As frameworks and regulations continue to 
expand in the U.S., Europe and beyond, and as we encounter new challenges and 
opportunities, our commitment to transparency in reporting our strategy, goals, 
initiatives and progress on ESG topics will remain steadfast.

Learn more about how we are 
making a difference.

Goals and progress  

Philanthropy  

ESG Topics A-Z  

Downloads  

5

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur ESG approachpep+ pillars

Positive Agriculture

PepsiCo’s business starts with agriculture. A steady, 
sustainable supply of crops is central to our business. 

Our agricultural footprint covers 
approximately 7 million acres, and our 
supply chain supports more than 100,000 
agricultural jobs worldwide. We work with 
tens of thousands of farmers to source 
more than 25 crops and ingredients from 
more than 30 countries around the world. 

The goal is a sustainable food system that 
respects natural resources and makes 
a positive impact on the people and 
communities we work with and serve. It’s 
better for people, better for the planet and 
better for our business.

We are taking a landscape approach 
to advancing regenerative agriculture, 

marked by collaboration between 
stakeholders within a designated region 
— often spanning multiple crops, sectors 
and land uses — to advance shared 
sustainability goals while reconciling and 
optimizing multiple social, economic and 
environmental objectives. And because 
real change requires long-term, consistent 
effort, we have launched several initiatives 
tackling some of our key commodities 
with this approach in the Midwest U.S., 
Mexico and Southeast Asia, and plan to 
expand into new priority landscapes as 
we progress on our Positive Agriculture 
journey.

1

Agriculture
Climate-related impacts like excessive heat, drought or flooding can impact farm 
yield and productivity. So we’ve taken steps designed to source our crops in ways 
that respect natural resources, strengthen farming communities and ensure a 
secure supply of ingredients for our products. 

We’re supporting regenerative agricultural 
practices that aim to make soil healthier, 
sequester carbon, improve watershed health 
and biodiversity, and strengthen farmer 
livelihoods. We’re working closely with our 
farmers and intermediary suppliers to embed 
these practices throughout our agricultural 
supply chain. 

Our footprint 

We’re using our scale, influence and expertise to do more than just reduce our own impact. Our strategy prioritizes investment, 
innovation and collaboration with our farming partners and suppliers to deliver positive impact around the world.

PepsiCo’s business relies on a steady, 

sustainable supply of crops delivered by

~7 million

acres of farmland make up our

thousands of agricultural workers:

agricultural footprint 

100,000+ 

agricultural jobs supported

Tens of thousands of farmers

in our network

25+

90+%

345,000+

We are using our scale, influence and 

key ingredients and crops sourced 

of our grower-sourced crops are

acres farmed with regenerative farming 

agricultural expertise to help build a

from more than 30 diﬀerent countries

sustainably sourced globally

practices toward goal of 7 million by 2030 

sustainable food system.

1 Globally, more than 90% of grower-sourced crops were sustainably sourced through our Sustainable Farming Program (SFP), up from 87% in 2020. For grower-sourced crops, sustainable sourcing refers to meeting the 

independently verified environmental, social and economic principles of PepsiCo’s Sustainable Farming Program.

2 Regenerative acres reported for 2021 include U.S. and Canada only. Regenerative acres demonstrate measured improvement in sequestering carbon to reduce GHG emissions AND at least one other of the following: 

improved soil health, improved watershed health, improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

2

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress 

Source our crops and ingredients in ways 
that restore the earth and strengthen 
farming communities.

Approach

We define regenerative agriculture3 as a set of farming principles and practices that improve and restore 
ecosystems while building resilience. Our approach is outcome-oriented, and to some extent, we are practice 
agnostic. That’s because every farming community is different, with different needs. We’re tracking how soil health, 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction and carbon sequestration, watershed management, biodiversity and 
the livelihoods of agricultural workers are improving. There are some practice categories we’ve identified that help 
drive those results, and we are working on scaling them. 

Regenerative agriculture goal

Spread the adoption of 

regenerative agriculture 

practices across 7 million

acres, approximately equal 

to 100% of the land used 

around the world to grow 

our crops and ingredients 
for our products1

2030 Goal
7 million acres

2021

0

>345,000 acres to date2

1 Regenerative acres reported for 2021 include U.S. and Canada only. Regenerative acres demonstrate measured improvement in 

sequestering carbon to reduce GHG emissions AND at least one other of the following: improved soil health, improved watershed health, 
improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

2 PepsiCo introduced — and began to measure — its new regenerative agriculture metric in 2021. Progress presented here reflects our first 

year tracking this metric and builds on years of partnership and investment in sustainable agriculture. 

3 Definitions of regenerative agriculture vary and we’re working across stakeholder groups to align on a standard definition.

4 In the U.S., we helped farmers plant cover crops on over 85,000 acres, an example of how using this regenerative agriculture practice can 

result in up to a 38% net reduction in on-farm greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including soil carbon sequestration. 

Regenerative techniques not only protect against soil 
erosion and water depletion, but they can also help 
farmers grow more food on the same amount of land. 
These techniques typically require fewer inputs, so they 
can also lead to higher margins and greater profitability 
for our farmers.

In 2021, we launched an internal co-investment fund to 
incentivize our local teams to design and scale innovative 
solutions that contribute to our Positive Agriculture 
agenda. Now in its second year, the Positive Agriculture 
Outcomes Fund provides a unique mechanism that 
reduces the risk and cost of projects with long-term 
sustainable business potential. To date, nearly $2 million 
has been granted through the Fund. 

In addition, we understand societal concerns around 
pesticides and are actively seeking continuous 
improvements in agricultural practices that minimize 
pesticide and other agrochemical use. We established a 
cross-functional Global Pesticide Council composed of 
senior leaders across key functions to evaluate pesticide 
issues and direct the Company’s policies and programs. 
The Council has developed a five-year strategic plan 
with clear deliverables, including industry benchmarking, 
and centralized global scientific and regulatory tracking. 
We also engage with multi-stakeholder groups, peer 
companies and NGOs to develop, promote and adopt 
best practices related to responsible use of pesticides.

Up to 38%

net reduction in on-farm GHG 

emissions through use of cover crops

4

100%

of participants in demo farm programs 

adopted regenerative practices

3

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryWhat is 
regenerative 
agriculture?

Our 72 
demonstration 
farms show 
the benefits of 
regenerative 
farming techniques 

What we do

How it helps

Build soil health and fertility

•  Rebuild organic matter

•  Use resource-efficient/compost 

•  Train farmers for on-field agronomy

fertilizers

•  Plant multiple crops in same field

Reduce and sequester CO2
•  Plant cover crops to sequester CO2 

underground

•  Promote reduced and no-till cultivation 

for minimal soil disturbance

•  Systemic crop and livestock rotation

Introduce water efficiency techniques

•  Help farmers access more efficient 

irrigation equipment

•  Support best practices for scheduling 

•  Transition from flood irrigation to 
more efficient methods (i.e., drip 
irrigation and “fertigation”)

and maintenance

Protect and enhance biodiversity

•  Commitment to no deforestation

•  Soil microbe breeding

•  Pollinator strips on farms

•  Use of natural pesticides

Improve farmer livelihoods

•  Teach most vulnerable farms in supply 

•  Source directly from growers 

chain

whenever possible

•  Support women farmers economically

•  Protect workers’ rights

Improve and 
restore natural 
ecosystems

Increase crop yields 
by growing more 
food on the same 
amount of land

Feed more 
people with 
fewer inputs

Improve farmer 
livelihoods through 
higher sales margins 
and greater profitability

Net reduction 
of on-farm GHG 
emissions

4

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryIn collaboration with our internal experts, industry 
peers and cross-sector partners, we have developed 
a practice bank of those activities and practices that 
contribute to our Regenerative Agriculture goals, a 
database that we introduced in May 2022 to our farmers 
and suppliers.

Climate resilience 
is also a key priority 
to safeguard our 
operations for many 
years to come. 

It’s the reason why we joined forces with several 
strategic partners worldwide to understand the specific 
needs to fight climate change in every sector in which 
we operate. 

Alongside organizations such as CIAT (International 
Center for Tropical Agriculture), GIZ, Foundation for 
Food and Agriculture Research, U.S. Farmers and 
Ranchers Alliance, World Farmers’ Organization, 
AgroScout and others, we are supporting farmers to 
implement adaptive practices, reduce GHG emissions 
in agriculture and strengthen their field knowledge and 
management to respond quickly in a targeted way so we 
can all continue driving the pep+ agenda forward. 

We actively support farmers in our supply chain 
with programs to make it easier for them to adopt 
regenerative practices. In the U.S., we helped farmers 
plant cover crops on over 85,000 acres, resulting in 
up to a 38% net reduction in on-farm GHG emissions, 
including soil carbon sequestration1 and provided 
support to more than 600 farmers in North American 
farmland by the end of 2021. 

Our demonstration farms program showcases 
practices that are leading to the commercialization of 
innovative ag-tech and the scaling of proven practices 
that lead to regenerative outcomes. The demonstration 
farms enable the farmers we work with to share their 
firsthand experiences, which encourages broader 
adoption. In 2021, we worked with 20 different partners 
to demonstrate farming best practices in areas such as 
nutrients, water-use efficiency and precision farming.

In 2021, our partnerships yielded value for 
farmers, the environment and the business 
(percent increases observed in a control 
plot vs a demonstration plot):

•   In 28 demonstration farms in India, we saw average 
yield improvements of almost 7% and reduced GHG 
emissions by more than 7%, resulting in farmer 
income increase of $55 per acre on average.

•   In Thailand, we worked with the Department of 
Agriculture and other partners to implement 
integrated pest and nutrient management and install 
drip irrigation systems on our demonstration farms, 
resulting in an average yield increase of 25% (on seven 
farms), a 23% carbon emissions reduction and a more 
than 40% reduction in water use in irrigation.

•   In Mexico, we demonstrated ways to save water 

through different irrigation techniques and 
improvements in existing irrigation systems. We 
reduced water use in irrigation by 36% on average 
while increasing potato yields by 8%.

By the end of 2021, we had 72 regenerative 
demonstration farms as part of the program and over 
600 farmers transitioned from demonstration into 

broader “landscape” impact programs to scale up 
proven innovation.

In a landscape approach, farmers in a region align 
around shared sustainability goals and commit to 
specific regenerative practices. PepsiCo and our 
partners support work within the landscape to spread 
the adoption of regenerative agriculture and deliver 
outcomes, such as GHG emissions reduction, through 
funding independent advisories for farmers, facilitating 
coaching and peer support and financially incentivizing 
adoption of regenerative practices. 

As we advance on our Positive Agriculture journey, 
and more farms learn the benefits of regenerative 
agriculture and adopt its practices, we expect to 
continue to expand into new landscapes and grow the 
number of regenerative farming acres we annually 
report toward our goal of 7 million by 2030. In 2021, we 
launched several landscape initiatives tackling some of 
our key commodities in the Midwest U.S., Mexico and 
Southeast Asia.

1 For PepsiCo’s corporate GHG footprint, the company follows the GHG Protocol framework where any sequestration is kept separate from the three scopes of emissions.

5

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryHealthy watershed goal

Approach

Advocate for and contribute 
to a measurable improvement 
in the health of high water-risk 
watersheds where we directly 
source our crops, including 
an improvement in water-use 
efﬁciency of 15% by 20251

2025 Goal

15%
improvement

14%2

3%

2016-2018

2019-20203

1 15% improvement goal measured versus a 2015 baseline. The metric was previously reported in our Water section. To focus efforts on 

implementing sustainable practices, we currently intend to collect and publish agricultural water-use efficiency data at least every three 
years. High water-risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

2 Results reflect the exclusion of Pioneer Foods, BFY Brands, Inc. (BFY) and Hangzhou Haomusi Food Co., Ltd. (Be & Cheery). 

3 Data for 2021 not available, as we measure this at least every three years.

Through advocacy and our own initiatives (including 
promoting regenerative techniques), we’re working 
to measurably improve the health of high water-risk 
watersheds where we directly source our crops and 
aim for a more sustainable way to use this resource. 
At the end of 2021, we sourced approximately 40% 
of our grower-sourced key ingredients — the building 
blocks of our beverages and convenient foods — from 
areas of high water-risk. These efforts are designed to 
help ensure our continued access to the water we need 
for production as well as preserve water access for 
the communities in which we operate. We’ve targeted 
a goal of improving water-use efficiency by 15% by 
2025, compared to a 2015 baseline, throughout our 
operations. Progress against this goal is measured at 
least every three years and was last measured in 2020.

Around the world, it is a common practice to use flood 
or trench irrigation to bring water to crops, causing 
farmers who use these methods to potentially lose up 
to 70% of the water used to runoff or evaporation. In the 
search for a better solution, we partnered with N-Drip, 
an Israeli company whose irrigation system is powered 
by gravity and harnesses the water-saving benefits of 
high-pressure drip irrigation without the need for the 
energy costs and water filtration associated with high-
pressure drip irrigation. PepsiCo aims to scale N-Drip’s 
technology to help improve farmer livelihoods with 
higher yields, reduced water consumption and reduced 
GHG emissions. The goal is global adoption of N-Drip 
water efficiency technology across 10,000 hectares 
(25,000 acres) by 2025. In 2022, we plan to expand 
N-Drip in India, South Africa and the United States as 
well as kick off a pilot in Greece. The N-Drip cost-share 
project in India was made possible as a result of a grant 
from the Positive Agriculture Outcomes Fund.

$1.8 million

granted through our Positive Agriculture

Outcomes Fund

10,000

hectares will benefit from our N-Drip

partnership through 2025

6

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummarySustainable sourcing goal

Approach

Sustainably source 100% 
of our key ingredients, 
expanding to include not only 
our grower-sourced crops 
(potatoes, whole corn and 
oats), but also key crops 
from third parties, such as 
vegetable oils and grains1,2

0%

2021

~50%

2030 Goal
100%

We’re already using sustainably sourced ingredients in 
many of the PepsiCo products consumers know and 
love. We’ve established sustainable sourcing standards 
as a baseline expectation for our agricultural suppliers, 
and we’re supporting farmers in making the transition 
to more sustainable approaches. These efforts aim to 
ensure a secure supply of key ingredients while helping 
improve the livelihoods of farmers in our supply chain.

Around 50% of the volume of our key ingredients 
are bought directly from farmers through a grower 
group (“grower-sourced”), while there are multiple 
tiers between the farmer and PepsiCo for the other 
approximately 50% (“supplier-sourced”).

Toward our 2030 goal of reaching 100% of sustainably 
sourced key ingredients, in 2021, we achieved more 
than 90% on grower-sourced crops as we continue to 
engage our main suppliers globally. 

To achieve our goals, we engage suppliers through two 
approaches:

•  High-risk approach: requires high-risk commodities 
(palm, cane and soy) and commodities grown in high-
risk markets to be verified/certified to a sustainability 
standard recognized by PepsiCo.

•  Low- and medium-risk approach: consists of working 
with suppliers to adopt a continuous improvement 
model, requiring them to demonstrate active work and 
progress toward outcomes by 2030. 

These efforts seek to ensure a secure supply of key 
ingredients while helping improve the livelihoods of 
farmers in our supply chain. 

1 For grower-sourced crops, sustainable sourcing refers to meeting the independently verified environmental, social and economic principles of PepsiCo’s Sustainable Farming Program. For supplier-sourced crops, sustainable sourcing is achieved through a third-party standard that 
has been benchmarked as equivalent to the SFP or, in limited regions, a continuous improvement program addressing the main environmental and social risks with growing the relevant crop. Percentage of volume sustainably sourced and verified by third parties, including volume of 
certified sustainable palm oil meeting Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) standard and volume of certified sustainable cane sugar meeting Bonsucro or equivalent standard.

2 Cane sugar: Results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Pioneer Foods.

7

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryWe supported 
farmers in making 
the transition to 
more sustainable 
approaches:

Mexico

In 2021, in Mexico, PepsiCo 
partnered with a supplier to 
pilot the Bonsucro Smallholder 
Standard, which resulted in 
25 smallholder producers 
becoming certified — among 
the first in the country.

Southeast Asia: 

In 2021, in collaboration with 
leading palm oil players, we 
launched the Rimba Collective 
— the largest private sector-
enabled forest conservation 
initiative in Southeast Asia for 
palm oil, to deliver $1 billion 
for forest conservation and 
restoration.

Southeast Mexico

In 2021, in Southeast 
Mexico, we launched 
Agrovita, a collaborative 
effort to strengthen the 
technical capabilities of 
1,000+ smallholders to 
implement regenerative 
agriculture, increase women 
empowerment and reduce 
smallholder carbon footprint.

Positive Ag 
Supplier Playbook

In 2022, we launched a 
Positive Ag Supplier Playbook 
at our Supplier Summit, a 
public resource for buyers 
and suppliers to activate the 
goal across our entire key 
ingredient footprint.

8

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryImproving livelihoods goal

Improve the livelihoods of 

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. Progress reporting for 

more than 250,000 people 

this metric is in process.

in our agricultural supply 

chain and communities, 

including by economically 

empowering women.

Approach

People are the foundation of the world’s food system 
and our business. To ensure the long-term health of 
both, it’s essential for agricultural workers to earn a 
wage that enables them and their families to grow and 
thrive. Yet that’s not always the reality in many parts of 
the world. 

We support the advancement of farming practices to 
optimize crop yields, respect human rights and plan to 
improve the livelihoods of more than 250,000 people in 
our agricultural supply chain and communities by 2030. 
This includes economically empowering women. We’ve 
focused our efforts on our most vulnerable farming 
communities, including smallholder farmers and farm 
workers, women and minority farmers.

Women farmers make up about 40% of the agricultural 
workforce in developing countries but are often denied 
key resources that could help them prosper. These 
resources include, among others, access to land, 
livestock, education, financial services, agricultural 
advisory services, technology and rural employment. If 
women had equivalent resources, it is estimated they 
could increase their yields by 20–30% and increase 
the agricultural output of their countries by up to 4%, 
potentially reducing the number of hungry people in the 
world by 100 million or more. 

$5 million

commitment to reduce GHGs in agriculture 

through AgMission

$20 million

 to support women-led enterprises through 

our USAID partnership

9

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOn this matter, we are drafting the livelihood 
measurement outcome indicators to track the number 
of livelihoods improved in PepsiCo’s agricultural supply 
chains and communities. The indicators are designed to 
be relevant across different crops, scale of operations 
and geographies. 

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation promote greater 
diversity and inclusion in farm management, including 
support for female farmers and people of color, through 
partnerships with organizations like the U.S. Agency 
for International Development (USAID), Inter-American 
Development Bank (IADB), CARE and the National Black 
Growers Council. 

Our promotion of regenerative agriculture techniques 
and support for open-source agricultural technology 
and information also helps improve farmer livelihoods. 
Regenerative practices can help farmers increase yield, 
leading to higher margins and greater profitability. Our 
support programs, such as cost-sharing for cover crops 
and peer-to-peer learning at our demonstration farms, 
help farmers ease the transition.

Support for open-source agricultural technology and 
information can have a similar impact. We worked with 
Corteva Agriscience to sequence an entire oat genome 
and made it publicly available to enable the creation of 
more resilient, productive and profitable varieties. 

In 2021, we continued working with USAID on a 5-year, 
$20 million partnership to support women-owned and 
women-led enterprises among PepsiCo suppliers in 
rural farming communities in Asia, the Middle East and 
Latin America. The programs will improve resiliency in 
these communities and show that inclusivity leads to 
better business results. 

We launched the Next Generation Agriculture Fund 
with the IADB, a partnership in which we aim to test and 
demonstrate the impact of gender-smart solutions 
along our agricultural supply chains in Dominican 
Republic, Ecuador and Guatemala. This three-year, $2 
million partnership between PepsiCo LatAm Corporate 
Affairs, the Global Sustainability Office’s Agriculture 
team and the IADB includes an innovative talent 
acquisition and development program, as well as field 
activities that pilot the use of inclusive and gender-
smart solutions that enhance farmers’ resilience and 
contribute to PepsiCo’s Positive Agriculture goals.

In addition, we became a founding partner of AgMission, 
an unprecedented initiative to reduce GHG emissions in 
agriculture with a $5 million commitment to expand our 
efforts toward creating a more sustainable planet.

Across the board, we see bilateral, multilateral and 
pre-competitive partnerships as critical to the ongoing 
success of pep+, the achievement of our 2025 and 2030 
goals and the overall resilience and sustainability of our 
key supply chains. They are instrumental in leveraging 
and mobilizing a wide range of technical and financial 
resources that support farmers as they make the 
transition to more regenerative and inclusive practices, 
ones that will contribute to improved environmental 
and social outcomes. We cannot achieve these 
ambitious sustainable business objectives without 
these collaborations across supply chains, geographies, 
industries and sectors. 

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides detail 
on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a 
wide range of subjects. Click on the agriculture-
related links below.

Agriculture  

Climate change  

Deforestation  

Land rights  

Sustainable sourcing  

Water  

Read our latest sustainability and community impact stories  

10

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG Summarypep+ pillars

Positive Value Chain

A value chain is the full range of activities needed to create a product or service. 

Ours begins with the crops grown by our 
farmers and suppliers, which are made 
into food and drinks and packaged at our 
manufacturing facilities, then delivered 
to stores where they are purchased, 
consumed and later recycled or collected 
as waste. 

PepsiCo is building a circular and inclusive 
value chain to accelerate the systemic 
change needed to address major global 
challenges. 

We’re taking direct action aimed to reduce 
impacts relating to climate, minimize 
water use and introduce more sustainable 
packaging. We are also working to 
increase racial equality and provide 
meaningful jobs and opportunities. 

Positive Value Chain: Climate
Our world is already feeling the effects of climate change and faster, bolder action is 
needed. Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions will benefit society and it’s also crucial 
to the viability of our business, as we are experiencing the impacts of climate change 
directly within our own value chain. 

Reaching net-zero GHG emissions 
while increasing business resiliency

Reaching net-zero GHG emissions 
while increasing business resiliency

MITIGATION 
ACTIONS

MITIGATION 
ACTIONS

Scale 
sustainable 
agriculture

Scale 
sustainable 
agriculture

Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to 

Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to 

decarbonize our supply chain

decarbonize our supply chain

Urgent action is needed to decouple economic growth 
from carbon emissions. The increasingly severe 
impacts of climate change are affecting the quantity 
and quality of agricultural raw materials for our 
products, creating weather patterns and events that 
affect the operation of our facilities and supply chain 
and limiting the availability and quality of water. 

To achieve the level of decarbonization that the world 
needs to avert the worst impacts of climate change 
will require action at every level. At PepsiCo, we’re 
striving to achieve net-zero emissions by 2040, a 
decade earlier than called for in the Paris Agreement 
and we’ve set an ambitious interim goal for reducing 
absolute emissions across our value chain by more 
than 40% by 2030, including a reduction of 75% in 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions (2015 baseline). These goals 
will not only have meaningful impact in themselves, 
but will also drive greater scale for systems like 
renewable energy and regenerative agriculture, which 
must become standard in our industry.

Our climate action strategy

Reaching net-zero GHG emissions 
while increasing business resiliency

Reaching net-zero GHG emissions while increasing business resiliency

renewable materials

renewable materials

Reduce virgin 
material use, 
increase recycled 

materials like rPET 

and use low-carbon 

alternatives or 

Shift to 
renewable
electricity and 
fuels globally

Reduce virgin 
material use, 
increase recycled 

materials like rPET 

and use low-carbon 

alternatives or 

Shift to 
renewable
electricity and 
fuels globally

Continue to 
develop 
sustainable
manufacturing, 
warehousing 
and distribution

MITIGATION 
ACTIONS

Reaching net-zero GHG emissions 
while increasing business resiliency

Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to 

decarbonize our supply chain

Scale 
RESILIENCE 
sustainable 
OPPORTUNITIES
agriculture

Drive 
RESILIENCE 
regenerative 
OPPORTUNITIES
agriculture
and explore heat-resistant 

Reducing vulnerabilities to the impacts of climate 

change by incorporating climate risk into business 

crops to address climate 

Reducing vulnerabilities to the impacts of climate 
change effects on 
change by incorporating climate risk into business 

growing cycles
continuity plans

Drive 
regenerative 
agriculture
and explore heat-resistant 

crops to address climate 

change effects on 

growing cycles

MITIGATION 
ACTIONS

Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to 

decarbonize our supply chain

Reduce virgin 
material use, 
increase recycled 
materials like rPET 
and use low-carbon 
alternatives or 
renewable materials

Shift to 
renewable
electricity and 
fuels globally

continuity plans

Scale 
sustainable 
agriculture
Enhance 
Continue to 
business 
develop 
continuity plans
sustainable
in preparation for 
manufacturing, 
extreme weather events
warehousing 
and distribution

Plan 
manufacturing 
footprint 
adjustments
for sea level rise/ 
potential ﬂooding

Enhance 
business 
continuity plans
in preparation for 
extreme weather events

Increase water 
security
through holistic 
watershed solutions to 
manage droughts

Plan 
manufacturing 
footprint 
adjustments
for sea level rise/ 
potential ﬂooding

Decarbonize
ahead of a potential 
carbon tax

Increase water 
security
through holistic 
watershed solutions to 
manage droughts

Continue to 
develop 
sustainable
manufacturing, 
warehousing 
and distribution

Decarbonize
ahead of a potential 
carbon tax

Reduce virgin 
material use, 
increase recycled 
RESILIENCE 
materials like rPET 
and use low-carbon 
OPPORTUNITIES
alternatives or 

Shift to 
renewable
electricity and 
fuels globally

Continue to 
develop 
sustainable
manufacturing, 
warehousing 
and distribution

Drive 
regenerative 
agriculture
and explore heat-resistant 

renewable materials

Reducing vulnerabilities to the impacts of climate 

change by incorporating climate risk into business 

crops to address climate 

change effects on 

growing cycles

continuity plans

RESILIENCE 
OPPORTUNITIES

Enhance 
business 
continuity plans
in preparation for 
extreme weather events

continuity plans

Reducing vulnerabilities to the impacts of climate 

change by incorporating climate risk into business 

Drive 
regenerative 
agriculture
and explore heat-resistant 

crops to address climate 

Plan 
manufacturing 
footprint 
adjustments
for sea level rise/ 

change effects on 

growing cycles

Increase water 
security
through holistic 

watershed solutions to 
manage droughts

Decarbonize
ahead of a potential 

carbon tax

1

potential ﬂooding

Enhance 

business 

Plan 

Increase water 

manufacturing 

security

continuity plans

footprint 

in preparation for 

extreme weather events

adjustments

for sea level rise/ 

potential ﬂooding

through holistic 

watershed solutions to 

manage droughts

Decarbonize

ahead of a potential 

carbon tax

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Achieve net-zero emissions across our value chain by 2040

GHG emissions reduction goal

Scope 1 and 2 emissions  reduction goal

Scope 3 emissions  reduction goal

Reducing total Scope 1, 2 & 3 
emissions by more than 40%1,2

2030 Goal

>40%
reduction

Reducing Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 75%1,4

2030 Goal

75%
reduction

Reducing Scope 3 emissions 
by 40%1,5

2030 Goal

40%
reduction

3%

2%

5%

2018

2019

20203

(2)%

20213

23%

25%

4%

6%

1%

9%

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

3%

2%

3%

2018

2019

20203

(5)%

20213

1 Measured versus a 2015 baseline. 

2 Where 2021 actual data was not available, estimated 2021 data was used. Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition increased from 20% to more than 40% reduction. 2021 Scope 3 progress impacted by increased packaging use, transportation, third-party manufacturing and 

other purchased goods due to business growth.

3 Results reflect the exclusion of Be & Cheery and certain Scope 3 emissions for other acquisitions where data is not available.

4 Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition increased from 20% to 75% reduction. 

5 Where 2021 actual data was not available, estimated 2021 data was used. Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition increased from 20% to 40% reduction. 2021 Scope 3 progress impacted by increased packaging use, transportation, third-party manufacturing and other 

purchased goods due to business growth.

2

Positive Value Chain: Climate2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryApproach

Our climate action strategy is focused on mitigation 
to reduce GHG emissions and decarbonize our supply 
chain, and resilience to reduce the vulnerability of our 
supply chain to climate change-related impacts. 

Informed by science, we target areas where our 
investments can have the greatest impact, while 
creating scalable models and partnerships to accelerate 
progress across the full value chain. 

On our journey to achieve our overarching goal of 
net-zero emissions by 2040, we’re working to reduce 
absolute GHG emissions by more than 40% across our 
entire value chain by 2030. Our emissions target aligns 
to the Business Ambition for 1.5°C pledge and has been 
approved by the Science Based Targets initiative. 

To reach these 
ambitious goals, 
we’re transforming 
how we operate 
across our entire 
value chain. 

We’re planning to transition to 100% renewable 
electricity through a diversified portfolio of options 
across all our company-owned and controlled 
operations globally by 2030 and across our entire 
franchise operations by 2040. 

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides detail 
on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on 
a wide range of subjects. Click on the climate-
related links below.

Climate change  

Renewable energy  

Fleet efficiency  

We are investing in zero- and near-zero emission 
delivery vehicles for our company-owned fleets and 
partnering with others to support decarbonization 
of the broader transport industry. We are improving 
energy-use efficiency and working to scale renewable 
fuel solutions at our manufacturing facilities.

~70%

of our global electricity needs in our direct 

operations were met by renewable sources

11th

top corporate buyer of clean power

in North America

PepsiCo is proud to be among the companies that 
are putting substantial investment behind climate 
action. We issued a Green Bond in 2019, one of the 
first food and beverage corporations to do so, and as 
of the end of 2020, $858 million of the net proceeds 
had been allocated to investments that can make a 
lasting impact on our sustainability goals in packaging, 
decarbonization and water.

We’re working to scale regenerative agriculture 
practices that reduce emissions and sequester 
CO2 across the equivalent of our 7 million acre 
global agricultural footprint, through efforts like our 
demonstration farm program. 

We’re investing in research and development of bio-
based materials, increasing recycled content in our 
packaging (targeting 50% across our plastic packaging 
by 2030) and working with peers, policymakers and 
innovators to develop recycling infrastructure, while 
advocating for smart policies and engaging consumers 
in our vision that packaging never becomes waste.

These global challenges will require partnership 
and collaboration among many companies and 
organizations, as well as international cooperation. We 
are actively engaged in and seeking out partnerships 
that help us further our goals. 

1 Total renewable electricity as a percentage of total electricity associated with manufacturing & warehouse operations, fleet operations, 

offices and distribution centers. 

2 This metric is ranked by the EPA Green Power Partnership.

3

Positive Value Chain: Climate2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryPositive Value Chain: Water
As a beverages and convenient foods company, PepsiCo is acutely aware of the critical 
role water plays in the food system, and it is our vision that wherever in the world 
PepsiCo operates, water resources will be in a better state because of our presence. 

We were one of the first companies to 
acknowledge access to clean, safe water as a 
fundamental human right and essential for health, 
well-being, dignity and economic mobility. In 
this era of COVID-19, safe water access is more 
important than ever. 

The PepsiCo Foundation is already more than 
halfway to our goal of delivering safe water access 
to 100 million people by 2030. 

Our path to net water positive 

How is PepsiCo working to be net water positive?

Increasing
water efficiency in manufacturing:

USE LESS 
WATER

How

•  Piloting technologies to 
capture, condense and 
clean water used in potato 
chip manufacturing

•  Adopting Alliance for 
Water Stewardship 
Standard in high water-risk 
manufacturing facilities

•  Working with franchise 
bottlers and third-party 
manufacturers to raise 
water efficiency standards 
in supply chain

To ensure safe 
drinking water for 
communities where 
we operate

REPLENISH 
WATER

How

Partnering
 with leading NGOs to deliver nature-based solutions to strengthen and repair 
degraded ecosystems by:
•  Restoring wetlands and 
forests burned down 
by fires

species that negatively 
impact local watersheds

•  Removing non-native 

•  Using solar pumps and 
other sustainable land 
management tools to 
control water levels and 
prevent runoff

Why

To protect local 
watersheds

PROVIDE 
SAFE WATER 
ACCESS

Investing 
 in distribution, purification and conservation programs that:

How

•  Support the construction 

•  Help farmers irrigate their 

of water supply and 
sanitation facilities

crops by collecting, treating 
and reusing rainwater

•  Improve access to hygiene 
in schools and sanitation in 
households

To mitigate risks to 
our manufacturing 
water supply

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Operational water-use efficiency goal

Net zero water goal

Local watershed replenishment goal

Improve operational water-use 

2025 Goal

efﬁciency by 25% in high 
water-risk areas by 20251,2

25%

18%

15%

9%

4%

2%

1%

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Ensure we have net water 

positive impact by achieving:      

• Best-in-class water-use 

   efﬁciency in 100% of high 

   water-risk manufacturing 

   sites, PepsiCo and third-party 
   facilities3 (for PepsiCo 
   facilities, this equates to 

   more than 50% reduction in 

   absolute water use from 

   2015 baseline year)

• World-class water-use 

   efﬁciency in all other 

   manufacturing sites, 

   PepsiCo and third-party 
   facilities3

1 25% improvement goal measured versus a 2015 baseline. High water-risk locations 

defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool. Between 2006–2015, water-use efficiency improved by 
26% in global legacy operations.

2 Results reflect the exclusion of Be & Cheery. 

3 All best-in-class and world-class results for 2021 do not reflect inclusion of third-party facilities

Best-in-Class High Water-Risk 
Manufacturing Sites2,4

2021

2.4

Replenishing back into the 

local watershed more than 
100% of the water we use5

2030 Goal

>100%

2021

2030 Goal

1.8

1.2

2030 Goal

0.4

Convenient Foods 
(liters/kg)

Beverages
(liters/liter)

World-Class Non High Water-Risk 
Manufacturing Sites2,4

2021

2030 Goal

5.0

4.4

2021

2030 Goal

1.8

1.4

Convenient Foods 
(liters/kg)

Beverages
(liters/liter)

34%

18%

9%

11%

8%

10%

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

4 Best-in-class water-use efficiency for beverages sites is defined as 1.2 liters/liter of beverage production. Best-in-class water-use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 0.4 liters/kg of convenient foods production. World-class water-use efficiency for beverages sites is 

defined as 1.4 liters/liter of beverage production. World-class water-use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 4.4 liters/kg of convenient foods production.

5 Results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Be & Cheery, and do not reflect inclusion of third-party facilities. Goal ambition expanded to include third-party facilities (100%) and more than 100% for company-owned operations by 2030.

2

Positive Value Chain: Water2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryWater Stewardship Standard goal

Approach

Continue to adopt the Alliance 

for Water Stewardship (AWS) 

Standard in high water-risk 

manufacturing areas, by 2025, 

as a vehicle for water advocacy

High Water-Risk Facilities Adopting 
the AWS Standard

34

31

3

2021

10

3

2019

2020

fully adopted AWS Standard

in the process of adopting AWS Standard

As one of the first companies of our size to acknowledge water as a human right, 
we have a vision to become “net water positive.” We have adopted an approach to 
watershed management that includes improving water-use efficiency across our 
value chain: on farms and in manufacturing facilities; replenishing water in the local 
watersheds that are most at risk and where we operate; and increasing safe water 
access for communities that face scarcity.

Our target to become net water positive in 100% of high water-risk company-owned 
and third-party manufacturing facilities by 2030 means achieving best-in-class water-
use efficiency at company-owned facilities in high water-risk areas (a more than 50% 
reduction in absolute water use against a 2015 baseline), and world-class efficiency at 
all other manufacturing facilities. 

To meet our efficiency goal, we’re expanding our focus from about 100 manufacturing 
sites to more than 1,000 sites around the world, including 350 sites in high water-risk 
areas. Achieving our goal will place us among the most water-efficient food or beverage 
manufacturers in the world. We are also in the process of adopting the Alliance 
for Water Stewardship Standard at 100% of our company-owned high water-risk 
manufacturing sites by 2025. 

We are piloting innovative manufacturing technologies, including a groundbreaking 
method to recover more than 50% of the water used in potato chip manufacturing 
by condensing and treating evaporated steam, effectively capturing and reusing the 
water contained in the potato that would have otherwise been “lost” as steam. Our pilot 
testing showed the approach could save approximately 60 million liters of water a year.

To achieve our goal of replenishing more than 100% of the water that we use back into 
the local watershed by 2030, we’ve established strong partnerships with leading NGOs 
such as The Nature Conservancy and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to deliver nature-
based solutions that strengthen and repair degraded ecosystems. Last year alone we 
replenished more than 6.1 billion liters of water through these projects. We also serve 
on the corporate advisory group for water for the Science Based Targets Network 
(SBTN), piloting the draft methodology for setting science-based targets for water. 

>68 million

people delivered safe water access

by the PepsiCo Foundation since 2006

6.1 billion

liters of water replenished into

local watersheds in 2021

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides 
detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and 
more on a wide range of subjects. Click on 
the water-related links below.

Water  

Agriculture  

Human rights  

3

Positive Value Chain: Water2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryPositive Value Chain: Packaging
PepsiCo envisions a world where packaging never becomes waste. 

While packaging is an essential component of our 
business — making PepsiCo products convenient, 
more affordable and easy to distribute — we share 
the concern over the impact of packaging waste. 
Our broad-based strategy includes reducing the 
plastic we use, driving recycling and use of recycled 
materials, and reinventing our packaging to use 
new renewable materials or drive growth in low- or 
no-packaging formats. 

A circular economy for packaging can help 
ensure that the valuable materials that are used 
in packaging are recycled and reused, rather than 
becoming waste. Using renewable or recycled 
materials also reduces the GHG impact of our 
packaging, supporting our emissions reduction 
goals. 

Our sustainable packaging vision
How we’re working toward our vision of a world where packaging never becomes waste:

REDUCE

RECYCLE

REINVENT

Lightweight 
packaging

Expand 
market for 
reusable 
solutions

Increase 
collection 
rate through 
Every Bottle 
Back

Develop 
plastics from 
non-food, 
plant-based 
sources

Explore 
biodegradable 
and 
compostable 
options

Cut down on 
shipping and 
other 
packaging 
materials

Invest in 
recycling 
infrastructure 
upgrades

Support 
community 
efforts to 
expand access 
to recycling

Invent low or 
no packaging 
solutions

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Virgin plastic reduction goal

Non-renewable virgin plastic reduction goal

Cut virgin plastic from 

non-renewable sources per 

serving across our global 

beverages and convenient 
foods portfolios by 50%1,2

2030 Goal
50%

Reducing our absolute tonnage

of virgin plastic derived 

from non-renewable sources 
by 20%1

2021

0%

5%

2021

(5)%3

0%

Minimize single-use packaging materials goal

Bio-based and recycled plastic reduction goal

Scaling new business models 

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. We are in the 

that avoid or minimize 

process of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

single-use packaging materials

Use of market-leading 
bio-based materials and 

increase incorporation 
of recycled content
(50% across plastics)4

2021

0%

6%

2030 Goal
20%

2030 Goal
50%

1 Measured versus a 2020 baseline.

2 Goal expanded in 2021 to 50% for beverages and convenient foods.

3 2021 performance impacted by increased plastic use due to business growth.

4 Goal timeline extended to 2030 and goal expanded to 50% recycled content.

2

Positive Value Chain: Packaging2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryApproach

At PepsiCo, we recognize the role we can play in creating a circular economy 
for packaging. We’re aspiring to use our reach and influence to help change 
the way society makes, uses and disposes of packaging. Yet systemic 
change is not something we — or any single organization — can accomplish 
alone. We’re in dialogue with policy makers and working with industry 
coalitions, producer responsibility organizations, trade associations and 
community-based organizations throughout the packaging value chain to 
improve infrastructure, advocate for sustainable policies and accelerate 
innovation.

We’ve announced ambitious new goals around our aim to reduce our use of 
virgin plastic, use more recycled content in our plastic packaging and scale 
business models like SodaStream that avoid or minimize single-use plastic. 
These new targets complement our 2025 goal of making 100% of our 
packaging recyclable, compostable, biodegradable or reusable. 

Achieving these ambitious goals requires investment and innovation. We 
face challenges from the limitations of existing technology and regulations. 
But our commitment to continue to strive toward these goals is unwavering. 
That’s why we’re scaling new business models that avoid or minimize single-
use packaging materials. These include models that reuse, refill, prepare at 
home or utilize concentrates like powders or drops. We’re also seeking to 
use market-leading bio-based materials and more recycled content (50% 

across our plastic packaging) to reduce absolute tonnage of virgin plastic 
from non-renewable sources across our entire portfolio. To further reduce 
use of single-use plastic packaging, we plan to set a time-bound goal by 
the end of 2022 for a percent of volume of beverages to be delivered via 
strategies that avoid or minimize single-use packaging, such as reusable 
and refillable bottles or containers. 

In 10 European markets, key Pepsi-branded1 products are expected to 
switch to 100% rPET2 bottles by 2022. Moving to rPET bottles is estimated 
to reduce GHG emissions by roughly 30% per bottle. In the U.S., we sell 
LIFEWTR in 100% rPET bottles and Pepsi Zero Sugar will begin to be sold 
in 100% rPET bottles by the end of 2022 (we plan to convert all Pepsi-
branded products in the U.S. to 100% rPET bottles by 2030).

In 2021 and 2022, we launched 100% rPET beverage products in Australia, 
New Zealand, Vietnam and Argentina. We are transitioning several brands 
to 100% rPET across 22 global markets. 

In early 2022, PepsiCo Europe set a new ambition to use 100% recycled or 
renewable plastic in all crisp and chip packets by 2030, which is expected 
to reduce GHG emissions from film packaging for food by up to 40%.

22

global markets are transitioning several

brands to 100% rPET packaging by 2022

200 billion 

plastic bottles are expected to be avoided

by 2030 through SodaStream adoption

1 Includes Pepsi, Pepsi MAX, Pepsi MAX Lime, Pepsi MAX without caffeine, Pepsi Light, Pepsi Light without caffeine.

2 Abbreviation for “recycled PET (polyethylene terephthalate)” plastic.

3

Positive Value Chain: Packaging2021 PepsiCo ESG SummarySustainable packaging goal

Approach

Design 100% of packaging to
be recyclable, compostable,
biodegradable or reusable 
by 20251

2025 Goal

100%

87%

87%

We are exploring renewable, non-fossil-fuel-based 
sources for packaging materials, such as plant-based 
materials that are safe, efficient and have a lighter 
carbon footprint than fossil-fuel based plastics. We 
prioritize materials that avoid the use of food resources 
or virgin plastics, like bio-based materials, and have 
partnered with other organizations to develop these 
materials and scale new technologies. 

We are a member of the NaturALL Bottle Alliance and 
its effort to significantly reduce the carbon footprint of 
beverage containers, and work with the Pulpex consortium 
to develop the world’s first fully recyclable paper bottle 
that we are working to commercialize and scale. 

To reduce plastics across primary, secondary and 
tertiary packaging, we have light-weighted our bottles, 
reduced thickness of our films and cut down on 
shipping and other packaging materials.

By investing in breakthrough food packaging 
technology, we are now able to introduce a commercially 
compostable bag made of plant-based materials. Our 
Frito-Lay plant-based brand Off The Eaten Path offers 
this commercially compostable packaging in the U.S. 
at Whole Foods stores. To support our goal of creating 
a circular food packaging system, we license this 
technology to other companies at no cost. 

We’re also continuing to scale new 
business models that avoid or minimize 
single-use packaging materials. 

2020

2021

We expect the growth of our global SodaStream and SodaStream Professional business will help consumers avoid 
an estimated 200 billion plastic bottles through 2030. As part of this effort, SodaStream is bringing PepsiCo flavor 
options such as Pepsi Zero Sugar, Lipton and bubly and SodaStream Professional to additional markets by the end 
of 2022.

1 Goal expanded in 2021 to include reusable packaging, updated metric not measured in prior years.

4

Positive Value Chain: Packaging2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryRecycling rate goal

Invest to increase recycling 
rates in key markets by 20251

Our actions include:

• Educating and encouraging consumers to recycle

• Partnering to increase and improve recycling infrastructure and

   building solutions for current and future material streams

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides detail 
on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a 
wide range of subjects. Click on the packaging-
related link below.

Packaging  

Approach

Systemic change requires partnership across the 
packaging supply chain. PepsiCo is working with 
peers, policy makers and innovators to drive progress 
toward a circular economy. We’re helping to develop 
infrastructure, advocating for smart policies and 
engaging consumers so that packaging never 
becomes waste. We support well-designed Extended 
Producer Responsibility (EPR) policies and are investing 
resources and expertise into recycling infrastructure 
improvements. 

Since 2018, PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation have 
announced more than $100 million to global recycling 
partnership initiatives to help elevate recycling rates 
and waste collection. In late 2021 and early 2022, we 
announced we will invest $15 million in the Closed Loop 
Partners’ (CLP) Leadership Fund, a private equity fund 
focused on strengthening recycling infrastructure 
and building circular supply chains, and $35 million to 
help create the Closed Loop Local Recycling Fund, to 
advance new small-scale, modular recycling systems 
in communities across the U.S. We are also a founding 
partner of CLP’s Composting Consortium, a founding 
member of the Closed Loop Infrastructure Fund, 
and have invested in the CLP Beverage Fund through 
American Beverage’s Every Bottle Back Initiative.

1 Further information on partnerships, including with Closed Loop Partners, the Alliance to End Plastic Waste and Circulate Capital, are detailed on the Packaging page on ESG Topics A-Z.

5

Positive Value Chain: Packaging2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryPositive Value Chain: People
Helping to create a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace and 
world is the right thing to do. It’s also a business imperative. 

Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
scope to have a positive impact on people

WORKFORCE

More than 300,000 associates around the globe

As a leading global company, we have 
a unique opportunity to use our scale 
and influence to help address societal 
challenges. We will continue to help address 
inequalities for historically marginalized 
people and underserved businesses and 
communities. 

Our positive impact on people 

Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and scope to have a positive impact on people

Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
scope to have a positive impact on people
Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
scope to have a positive impact on people
Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
scope to have a positive impact on people
Selected examples of how we’re using our scale and 
scope to have a positive impact on people
scope to have a positive impact on people
scope to have a positive impact on people

Increased Black and 
Hispanic manager 
representation in the 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
respectively

Reevaluated degree 
requirements, 
implemented 
skills-based hiring 
and created 
more pathways 
to salaried positions

Provided more than 
80 volunteer 
opportunities through 
One Smile at a Time

Provided more than 
Provided more than 
80 volunteer 
Provided more than 
80 volunteer 
Provided more than 
opportunities through 
Provided more than 
80 volunteer 
opportunities through 
Provided more than 
80 volunteer 
One Smile at a Time
80 volunteer 
opportunities through 
One Smile at a Time
80 volunteer 
opportunities through 
opportunities through 
One Smile at a Time
opportunities through 
One Smile at a Time
One Smile at a Time
One Smile at a Time

Delivered >245 million 
nutritious meals to 
>41 million people 
through our Food for 
Good program1

Bring safe water 
access and sanitation 
to >68 million people 
since 2006

GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation  
provided funding to:
provided funding to:

Invested more than 
$71 million globally in 
COVID relief and 
worked with over 250 
partners to bring food 
and other vital 
resources to the most 
affected communities 
as of 2021

1

WORKFORCE
WORKFORCE
WORKFORCE
WORKFORCE
WORKFORCE
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
WORKFORCE
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
WORKFORCE
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
More than 300,000 associates around the globe
More than 300,000 associates around the globe

Increased Black and 
Increased Black and 
Hispanic manager 
Increased Black and 
Hispanic manager 
Increased Black and 
representation in the 
Increased Black and 
Hispanic manager 
representation in the 
Increased Black and 
Hispanic manager 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
Hispanic manager 
representation in the 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
Hispanic manager 
representation in the 
respectively
representation in the 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
respectively
representation in the 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
respectively
U.S. to 8.3% and 9.5%, 
respectively
respectively
respectively

Reevaluated degree 
Reevaluated degree 
requirements, 
Reevaluated degree 
requirements, 
Reevaluated degree 
implemented 
Reevaluated degree 
requirements, 
implemented 
Reevaluated degree 
requirements, 
skills-based hiring 
requirements, 
implemented 
skills-based hiring 
requirements, 
implemented 
and created 
implemented 
skills-based hiring 
and created 
implemented 
skills-based hiring 
more pathways 
skills-based hiring 
and created 
more pathways 
skills-based hiring 
and created 
to salaried positions
and created 
more pathways 
to salaried positions
and created 
more pathways 
more pathways 
to salaried positions
more pathways 
to salaried positions
to salaried positions
to salaried positions

1 245 million meals delivered since 2009 and 41 million people reached since 2016.

GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
GLOBAL COMMUNITIES
provided funding to:
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
provided funding to:
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
provided funding to:
PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation 
provided funding to:
provided funding to:
provided funding to:

Delivered >245 million 
Delivered >245 million 
nutritious meals to 
Delivered >245 million 
nutritious meals to 

>41 million people 

Delivered >245 million 

Delivered >245 million 

nutritious meals to 

>41 million people 

Delivered >245 million 

nutritious meals to 

through our Food for 

nutritious meals to 

>41 million people 

through our Food for 

nutritious meals to 

>41 million people 

>41 million people 

through our Food for 

Good program1

Good program1

>41 million people 

through our Food for 

through our Food for 

Good program1

through our Food for 

Good program1

Good program1

Good program1

Bring safe water 
Bring safe water 
access and sanitation 
Bring safe water 
access and sanitation 

Bring safe water 

to >68 million people 

access and sanitation 

Bring safe water 

Bring safe water 

to >68 million people 

access and sanitation 

access and sanitation 

to >68 million people 

since 2006

since 2006

access and sanitation 

to >68 million people 

to >68 million people 

since 2006

to >68 million people 

since 2006

since 2006

since 2006

Invested more than 
Invested more than 
$71 million globally in 
Invested more than 
$71 million globally in 

Invested more than 

COVID relief and 

Invested more than 

$71 million globally in 

COVID relief and 

Invested more than 

$71 million globally in 

worked with over 250 

$71 million globally in 

COVID relief and 

worked with over 250 

$71 million globally in 

partners to bring food 

COVID relief and 

worked with over 250 

COVID relief and 

COVID relief and 

partners to bring food 

and other vital 

worked with over 250 

worked with over 250 

partners to bring food 

and other vital 

worked with over 250 

partners to bring food 

resources to the most 

partners to bring food 

and other vital 

resources to the most 

partners to bring food 

affected communities 

and other vital 

resources to the most 

and other vital 

and other vital 

affected communities 

resources to the most 

resources to the most 

affected communities 

as of 2021

resources to the most 

affected communities 

affected communities 

as of 2021

as of 2021

affected communities 

as of 2021

as of 2021

as of 2021

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Provide meaningful jobs and growth opportunities for our people and empower them to make a positive impact at work, at home and in their local communities

Job growth goal

Approach

Increase the employability of 
our people through increased 
access to degrees, skill 
development and new roles, 
providing meaningful growth 
opportunities to everyone
at every stage

Our 2021 actions include:

• Launching a tuition assistance program giving U.S. associates access
   to 100+ debt-free degrees, certiﬁcates and trades programs

• Increasing breadth and depth of self-paced learning content in our
   learner experience platform

• Initiating platform rollout for frontline learning that is easier to access
   and navigate

Volunteer  growth goal

Empower our associates with

the resources and time needed

to cultivate prosperity in our

communities

Our actions include implementing 
the One Smile at a Time program to:

• Empower our associates who volunteer with the resources they need

• Unleash the passion of our employees, especially our frontline  

   associates

• Provide opportunities to volunteer and micro-volunteer

• Enable employees to connect with their colleagues and communities

• Provide a simple way to sign up, track and show impact through a

   digital platform

• Provide clear communications to all employees and ﬁnd ways

   to engage

PepsiCo has a history of investing in programs and initiatives to help our associates grow and develop. Today we are 
building on that history with new programs aimed at making PepsiCo an even better place to work and empowering 
our associates to make a greater impact on their communities. 

At the same time, we are ensuring that 
our associates have the skills that our 
business needs to succeed in the future.

We have launched digital learning and development 
platforms on a global basis as part of our plan to 
digitize the employee experience and make it easier for 
associates to connect and collaborate regardless of 
location. This digitization is made possible by providing 
employees with new technology solutions such as 
occupancy sensors, a workspace reservation app, 
smartboards and integrated meeting technology. 

We are developing new training, upskilling and 
advancement programs aimed at providing meaningful 
growth opportunities to associates at every career 
stage. For example, myeducation is a new debt-free 
program that will help more than 100,000 frontline 
and professional U.S.-based associates develop their 
capabilities and take their career in a new direction. 
myeducation offers access to more than 100 flexible 
education and upskilling programs from highly 
reputable schools and universities. PepsiCo will cover 
100% of tuition costs, books and fees for a wide variety 
of education programs within the debt-free catalog.

Frontline associates are the core of our workforce, 
and we want to make sure they can build meaningful 
careers. We’re creating greater transparency around 
frontline job opportunities, reevaluating degree 
requirements for roles and eliminating these where 
possible, implementing skills-based hiring and 
developing pathways to salaried positions. 

Yet a meaningful job is more than day-to-day 
responsibilities. Our One Smile at a Time program is 
a local volunteer initiative to encourage, support and 
empower associates with the resources and time 
needed to cultivate prosperity in their community. One 
Smile at a Time is accessible in more than 21 languages 
and provides a framework, resources and infrastructure 
for associates to access and register for volunteering 
opportunities through the PepsiCo Foundation, our 
Employee Resource Groups, Green Teams and our 
individual brands. 

2

Positive Value Chain: People2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals, progress & approach

Build a better workplace and world by advancing human rights and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) for our people, in our business partnerships and our communities

Racial Equality Journey managerial representation goals

Reduced inequalities goal

Achieve 10% Black 

representation in U.S.
managerial populations1

2025 Goal

10%

Achieve 10% Hispanic 

representation in U.S.
managerial populations1

2025 Goal

10%

9.3%

9.5%

8.0%

8.3%

2020

2021

2020

2021

In 2020, we launched our Racial Equality Journey (REJ), a more than $570 million set of commitments with a focus on three pillars: People, Business and 
Communities. Within our own walls, we focused on increasing the representation of Black and Hispanic associates at PepsiCo, to mirror the workforce 
availability of the communities where we work, through active recruitment, education, internships and apprenticeships. Outside our walls, we’re using our 
scale and influence across suppliers and strategic partners to increase Black and Hispanic representation and elevate diverse voices. In our communities, 
we’re working to drive long-term change by addressing systemic barriers to economic opportunity and advancing economic empowerment for Black and 
Hispanic Americans. 

1 Goal added to pep+ vision in 2021.

Continue to help address 

inequalities for historically 

marginalized people, and 

underserved businesses 

and communities

Our actions include:

• Increasing our engagement and programs at colleges and universities 

   to cultivate and increase hiring of diverse talent 

• Tailoring our tools and resources, while continuing to deepen our 

   engagement with external advocacy organizations to support our 

   diverse workforce, including associates with disabilities, LGBTQ+ 

   associates, veterans and communities of color 

• Developed skill-building programs to elevate business impact, while 

   focusing on sponsorship and mentorship of our diverse talent

We’ve expanded our supplier base and are on track to increase our spending 
with Black and Hispanic suppliers by more than $500 million by 2025. 
We launched the $50 million Juntos Crecemos platform to strengthen 
Hispanic-owned businesses (specifically restaurants, bodegas and meat 
markets), address foundational business challenges and support business 
growth over five years. 

The PepsiCo Foundation created the IMPACTO Hispanic Business 
Accelerator to provide $10 million in funding to help 500 Hispanic small 
food and beverage business owners in 13 cities across the U.S., and 
launched a $10 million investment with the National Urban League (NUL) 
to launch the Black Restaurant Accelerator Program. Over the course of 
the five-year program, the PepsiCo Foundation and NUL will provide 500 
Black restaurant owners in 12 cities with capital, technical assistance and 
mentorship services.

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation created a new $40 million scholarship 
and professional mentoring program to support Black and Hispanic 
aspiring and graduating community college students. The program aims to 
support 4,000 students over five years.

3

Positive Value Chain: People2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryWomen in management goal

Pay equity goal

Supplier Code of Conduct goal

Achieve and sustain 50% 

2025 Goal

women in management roles

50%

38%

39%

40%

41%

41%

43%

Achieve and sustain pay equity
for our global professional

population by maintaining 
a comprehensive global pay 

equity review process

Women and men continue to be paid within 1% of each other.1

Extend the principles of our 
Supplier Code of Conduct to all 
of our franchisees and joint 
ventures by 2025

Our actions include:

• Continuing to engage directly with our franchise and joint venture
   partners on our pep+ priority areas, including human rights

• Completing expansion of our Sustainable Sourcing Program to
   franchise and joint venture partners in Europe and Latin America

1 After controlling for legitimate drivers of pay and based on base compensation; analysis 
excludes frontline. U.S. and U.K. included in 2016 analysis. 21 countries included in 2017 
analysis. 33 countries included in 2018 analysis. 69 countries included in 2019 analysis. 71 
countries included in 2020 analysis, representing more than 99% of salaried population. 
72 countries included in 2021 analysis, representing more than 99% of salaried population.

We have a longstanding review process designed to promote pay equity 
across employee groups. We’re building on that history as we strive to 
achieve our goal of pay equity by implementing a more comprehensive 
global pay equity review process. In 2021, we implemented this process 
in 72 countries that collectively make up more than 99% of our salaried 
employee population. Our results show that among this population, women 
and men are paid within 1% of each other (based on base compensation), 
after controlling for legitimate drivers of pay such as job level, geographic 
location and performance ratings. 

We are committed to driving fair and safe working conditions throughout 
our value chain, and we have established a goal that will extend the 
principles of our Supplier Code of Conduct to all our franchisee and joint 
ventures by 2025. As part of this process, we have updated the contractual 
requirements for new partners to help clarify our expectations going 
forward and have initiated a formal program to engage our franchisees and 
joint ventures on our human rights agenda. 

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

We believe that ensuring that women have equal access to employment and 
promotion is necessary for a prosperous and sustainable society. 

As part of our commitment to making actionable improvements for women, 
we are focused on retaining and growing diverse talent through mentoring, 
coaching and development programs throughout career stages. These 
efforts include our Women with Purpose program, a partnership with FUNDES 
Latin America that provides education, employment and entrepreneurship 
opportunities to more than 12,000 women from 2016–2022. We are investing 
approximately $1.8 million in this program.

4

Positive Value Chain: People2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryHuman rights goal

Promote fair and safe 
working conditions for all 
by advancing respect 
for human rights everywhere 
we operate and throughout our 
business activities1

Our actions include:

• Revising our Global Human Rights Policy to strengthen our   
   expectations and reﬂect emerging best practices in several areas,
   including our salient human rights issues

• Piloting a new remote worker voice initiative with over 500 workers to   
   gain insight into potential risks in our direct operations, and planning  
   to further scale this initiative within other operations in 2022

• Continuing to expand our Sustainable Sourcing Program to additional 
   segments of our external value chain (e.g., contract labor providers) 
   and evaluating additional areas for expansion in 2022 (e.g., 
   transportation and logistics)

1 In late 2021, we initiated a strategic review of our salient human rights issues to ensure we 
are focusing on the rights at risk of the most severe impacts throughout our value chain. 
We anticipate concluding this review and providing a more detailed update in late 2022. 

We recognize that success can only be achieved when all our stakeholders 
— including farmers and growers, factory workers and community partners 
— are treated with dignity and respect. PepsiCo is committed to respecting 
the rights of all workers and communities throughout our value chain. To 
help ensure we are in the best position to prevent, identify and address 
potential impacts, we established a global human rights approach that is 
guided by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGPs).

As part of this approach, we focus our efforts on our most salient human 
rights issues — those at risk of the most severe negative impacts through 
our company activities and business relationships. We identified vulnerable 
worker groups — including migrant workers, women, young workers and 
temporary/contract workers — as a salient issue for our value chain and are 
taking action to address the human rights impacts faced by these groups. 
For instance, we recently joined the Leadership Group for Responsible 
Recruitment, a collaboration between leading companies and expert 
organizations to drive positive change in the way migrant workers are 
recruited. Through our engagement, we are collaborating with other global 
brands to embed the Employer Pays Principle and advocate for improved 
protections for migrant workers throughout the value chain. 

Injury-free work environment goal

Safe water  access goal

Continue to strive for an 
injury-free work environment1

Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) 
per million hours worked

Reach 100 million people 
with safe water access1

2030 Goal

100 million

2.81

2.49

2.44

2.482

2.282

1.992

>68 M

>55 M

44 M

22 M

16 M

11 M

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

1 Progress showcases Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) per million hours worked. While this metric 
is new to our pep+ agenda, metric has been previously reported on our Environment, Health 
and Safety page on ESG Topics A-Z.

1 Metric counts the cumulative number of people provided with access to safe water since 
2006. Goal increased to 100 million by 2030, having achieved more than 50 million in 
2020. This metric was previously reported in our Water section.

2 2021 and 2020 results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Pioneer Foods. 2019 results 

reflect the exclusion of SodaStream.

We are committed to respecting human rights and driving fair and safe 
working conditions throughout our value chain, including maintaining high 
safety standards and targeting an injury-free work environment. 

Access to clean, safe water is a fundamental human right and essential for 
health, well-being, dignity and economic mobility. In this era of COVID-19, 
safe water access is more important than ever. We’ve established strong 
partnerships with leading NGOs to drive watershed replenishment efforts, 
and last year alone we replenished more than 6.1 billion liters of water into 
local watersheds. PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation are already more 
than halfway to our goal of delivering safe water access to 100 million 
people by 2030.

5

Positive Value Chain: People2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryFood security goal

Partner with communities 

to advance food security and 

make nutritious food 
accessible to 50 million people1

0

2030 Goal
50 million

2021

>54 million

1 Initial target setting for this metric did not include Pioneer Foods, which delivered accessibility 

for over 20 million people in 2021. Goal introduced with launch of pep+ in 2021. Progress 
results include programs funded by the PepsiCo Foundation that are intended to provide 
nutritious meals, utilizing external standards established by the Global Alliance for Improved 
Nutrition (GAIN) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United States (FAO).

Throughout the world, communities with better nutrition are more likely 
to flourish. Children are better educated, economies grow and people live 
healthier, better lives. PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation are working to 
make nutritious food more accessible for underserved communities around 
the globe with a goal of providing nutritious food to 50 million people by 
2030 (against a 2021 baseline), and providing safe water access to 100 
million people (against a 2006 baseline). 

For over a decade we’ve been partnering with leading organizations to 
increase access to nutritious food for children and their families around 
the world through Food for Good, our global commitment to advance food 
security in communities where we live and work. These collaborative efforts 
and investments range from short-term food access to long-term solutions 
to hunger. 

We partnered with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Baylor University 
Collaborative on Hunger and Poverty (BCHP) and Food for Good to ship 
millions of meals directly to the doorsteps of displaced children in rural 
communities. Meal boxes delivered by postal workers provided two weeks’ 
worth of shelf-stable, individually packaged nutritious food that met USDA’s 
summer food requirements. 

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides 
detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and 
more on a wide range of subjects. Click on the 
people-related links below.

Diversity, equity and inclusion  
Environment, health and safety  
Gender parity  
Human rights  
Pay equity  
Supplier diversity  

Sustainable sourcing  

Read our latest sustainability and community impact stories  

6

Positive Value Chain: People2021 PepsiCo ESG Summarypep+ pillars

Positive Choices

We’re inspiring people through our brands to make choices that 
create more smiles for them and the planet.

At PepsiCo, we’re making it easier for consumers 
to choose great-tasting beverages and convenient 
foods that are better for themselves and better 
for the planet. 

We can have a positive influence on the diets of 
people around the world by providing delicious 
products that deliver important nutrients across 
food groups, and are trusted to meet high safety 
and quality standards. 

We currently offer food products with whole 
grains, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables as well 
as complementary beverage options like water 
and unsweetened tea, which support hydration 
without adding calories. Nutritious offerings 
are vital to our business, and we’re continuously 
renovating and expanding our portfolio to 
provide consumers with great-tasting products 
that provide positive ingredients.

While we’re improving the nutritional profile of 
many of our products by reducing added sugars, 
sodium and saturated fat, we are also investing 
in innovation to deliver important food groups 
and nutrients to encourage a balanced diet, 
accelerating a journey we began decades ago. 

We’re rethinking packaging serving sizes, 
developing innovative packaging solutions to 
reduce our carbon footprint and avoid waste, 
working to provide simple, clear information on 
our packaging and exploring ways to empower 
consumers with transparent environmental 
labeling on our key products by 2030.

Our most iconic brands are leading the way to 
drive positive change, leveraging their scale and 
global popularity to inspire people to make positive 
choices for our communities and our planet. 

Positive Choices: Expanded portfolio offerings
We’ve enhanced our portfolio through a combination of reformulation, new 
product innovations and the acquisition of new brands.

We’re improving the nutritional profile of our 
convenient food products with more whole 
grains, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables to 
deliver fiber, plant-based proteins, vitamins 
and minerals. 

We’ve made significant progress on reducing 
added sugars in our beverages and reducing 
sodium and saturated fats in our convenient 
foods portfolio so that people can continue 
to enjoy our most-loved brands as part of a 
healthy and balanced diet. 

Clear and prominent labeling makes it easy 
to understand the calorie and nutritional 
content of foods and beverages, empowering 
consumers to make more informed and 
positive choices. 

Our portfolio advancements

Beyond Meat Jerky

A marinated and slow 
roasted plant-based snack

PepsiCo Positive Choices prioritize nutrition and the planet

10g 
of protein 

(13% DV)

Diverse 
ingredients 
including peas and 
mung beans 
without GMOs, 
soy gluten or 
cholesterol

Beyond Meat Jerky

A marinated and slow 
roasted plant-based snack

100% plant-based
Sparkling water beverage 
with a splash of juice and 
Committed to requiring less land, 
functional ingredients
water and natural resources to 
produce than animal agriculture

Gatorade Zero 
with protein

A variation on our popular 
sports drink that helps 
muscles rebuild

Gatorade Zero 
with protein

A variation on our popular 
sports drink that helps 
muscles rebuild

Zero
sugar

10g 
whey protein to 
help kickstart 
recovery

SodaStream 
bubly drops™

Recyclable 
bottle

Electrolytes to 
help replenish 
what you lose 
in sweat 

Allows you to create your 
own bubly sparkling water 
at home

10g 
of protein 

(13% DV)

Diverse 
ingredients 
including peas and 
mung beans 
without GMOs, 
soy gluten or 
cholesterol

Low
calories
(10-20 per can)

Ease ﬂavor 
variety  with 
200mg of 
L-theanine to 
help support 
relaxation

Beyond Meat Jerky

A marinated and slow 
roasted plant-based snack

100% plant-based
Sparkling water beverage 
with a splash of juice and 
Committed to requiring less land, 
water and natural resources to 
functional ingredients
produce than animal agriculture

10g 
of protein 

(13% DV)

Diverse 
ingredients 
including peas and 
mung beans 
without GMOs, 
soy gluten or 
cholesterol

Low
calories
(10-20 per can)

100% plant-based
Sparkling water beverage 
with a splash of juice and 
Committed to requiring less land, 
water and natural resources to 
functional ingredients
produce than animal agriculture

Ease ﬂavor 
variety  with 
200mg of 
L-theanine to 
help support 
relaxation

Lift ﬂavor 
variety  with 
200mg of 
panax ginseng 
to help support 
mental stamina

Recyclable 
can

Lift ﬂavor 

variety  with 

200mg of 

panax ginseng 

to help support 

mental stamina

Recyclable 

can

Low

calories

(10-20 per can)

Ease ﬂavor 

variety  with 

200mg of 

L-theanine to 

help support 

relaxation

Lift ﬂavor 
variety  with 
200mg of 
panax ginseng 
to help support 
mental stamina

Recyclable 
can

Gatorade Zero 
with protein

A variation on our popular 
sports drink that helps 
muscles rebuild

Zero
sugar

10g 
whey protein to 
help kickstart 
recovery

Zero
calories

Zero
sweeteners

SodaStream 
bubly drops™

Recyclable 
bottle

Electrolytes to 
help replenish 
what you lose 
in sweat 

Allows you to create your 
own bubly sparkling water 
at home

Helps minimize
single-use plastic pollution

Zero
sugar

10g 
whey protein to 
help kickstart 
recovery

Zero
calories

Zero
sweeteners

Helps minimize
single-use plastic pollution

1

SodaStream 
bubly drops™

Recyclable 
bottle

Electrolytes to 
help replenish 
what you lose 
in sweat 

Allows you to create your 
own bubly sparkling water 
at home

Zero

calories

Zero

sweeteners

Helps minimize

single-use plastic pollution

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Expand our portfolio to provide more consumer choice 
with products that are better for planet or people

Continue to provide consumers choice for every occasion by expanding our product offerings by 2025:

Diverse ingredients goal

Sugar reduction goal

Sodium  reduction goal

Use more diverse ingredients 

that are better for the planet 
or deliver nutritional beneﬁts: 

including legumes, whole 
grains, plant-based proteins, 

fruits & vegetables, nuts 
& seeds

We are purposely incorporating more diverse ingredients in both new 
and existing products that are better for the planet and deliver 

nutritional beneﬁts. We are prioritizing chickpeas, plant-based proteins 
and whole grains, and expanding our position in the nuts and seeds 

category. In 2021, PepsiCo and Beyond Meat's Planet Partnership 
debuted Beyond Meat Jerky, the joint venture’s ﬁrst product.

Reduce added sugars: 
≥ 67% of beverage portfolio 
volume will have ≤ 100 Calories 
from added sugars per 
12oz. serving1

2025 Goal

≥ 67% 
reduction

53%

47%5

48%6

44%4

Reduce sodium: ≥ 75% of 
convenient foods portfolio 
volume will not exceed 
1.3 milligrams of sodium
per Calorie7

2025 Goal

≥ 75% 
reduction

56%3

58%4

54%2

64%6

66%8

61%5

40%2

40%3

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

1 Our global progress is based on our Top 26 beverage markets, which represent 79% of our global beverages volume as of 2021

2 As of 2016, Top 10 markets represented 63% of beverages volume and 79% of convenient foods volume

3 As of 2017, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume

4 As of 2018, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 89% of our global convenient foods volume

5 As of 2019, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 79% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume

6 As of 2020, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 88% of our global convenient foods volume. Results reflect exclusion of Be & Cheery portfolio.

7 Our global progress is based on our Top 23 convenient foods markets, which represent 86% of our global convenient foods volume as of 2021.

2

Positive Choices: Expanded portfolio offerings2021 PepsiCo ESG SummarySaturated fats  reduction goal

Approach

Reduce saturated fats: 
≥ 75% of convenient foods 
portfolio volume will not 
exceed 1.1 grams of saturated 
fat per 100 Calories7

2025 Goal

66%2

61%3

61%4

62%5

≥ 75% reduction
75%8

71%6

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

As we strive to offer consumers more Positive 
Choices for every occasion, we’re expanding our 
product line to include ingredients that offer 
greater nutritional benefits or are better for 
the planet, like chickpeas and other legumes, 
whole grains, plant-based proteins, fruits and 
vegetables, nuts and seeds. 

We also strive to take a consistent approach 
to nutritional labeling throughout the world, in 
addition to complying with all relevant labeling 
laws and regulations in all markets in which our 
products are sold. On the front of our packaging 
(FOP), we are providing simplified nutrition 
information per portion to make it easier for 
consumers to quickly grasp nutrition information 
and make informed purchasing decisions.

118

global markets sold Pepsi Zero

Sugar/MAX/Black in 2021

31

global markets sold our Frito-Lay line

of Baked products in 2021

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides 
detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and 
more on a wide range of subjects. Click on 
the expanded portfolio-related links below.

Nutrition  
Saturated fat  
Sodium  
Sugar  
Trans fat  

2 As of 2016, Top 10 markets represented 63% of beverages volume and 79% of convenient foods volume

3 As of 2017, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume

4 As of 2018, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 89% of our global convenient foods volume

5 As of 2019, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 79% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume

6 As of 2020, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 88% of our global convenient foods volume. Results reflect exclusion of Be & Cheery portfolio.

7 Our global progress is based on our Top 23 convenient foods markets, which represent 86% of our global convenient foods volume as of 2021.

8 Results reflect exclusion of Be & Cheery portfolio. 

3

Positive Choices: Expanded portfolio offerings2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryPositive Choices: Innovative packaging solutions
PepsiCo is reinventing how packaging is made and offering consumers more 
sustainable packaging solutions. 

We’re transforming our product portfolio to 
use materials that prioritize the environment 
and deliver high-quality beverages and 
convenient foods without the need for 
single-use packaging. 

Our efforts focus on reducing the 
environmental impact of our packaging by 
developing plastics from non-food, plant-
based sources and exploring biodegradable 
or compostable options. 

We’re also developing new business models 
and solutions that reduce packaging, such 
as drink powders and concentrates, and 
extending the reach of innovative reuse 
solutions like SodaStream and SodaStream 
Professional.

Our packaging innovations

PepsiCo is developing ways to reduce our carbon footprint and avoid waste by reinventing our packaging.

Scale reuse and reﬁll offerings

SodaStream Professional Away-from-home 

hydration station makes customized water

Gatorade powders 

Drink mix to create large volumes without bottle

bubly drops 

Seltzer ﬂavoring to use with SodaStream

Reinvent packaging materials 
and solutions

Off The Eaten Path 

Commercially compostable chips bags 

through TerraCycle

Pulpex 

World’s ﬁrst fully recyclable paper bottle

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryGoals & progress

Develop and deploy disruptive sustainable packaging materials and new models for 
convenient foods and beverages

Sustainable beverage packaging goal

Approach

Beverages: 

SodaStream/SodaStream 

Professional, powders, bio- 

and paper-based packaging 

Our actions include:

• Launch of Gatorade sachets in Australia, allowing consumers to use 

   their own reusable water bottles

• Transitioning of brands like Pepsi Zero Sugar, Mtn Dew and Aquaﬁna to 

   100% recycled PET in various markets

By year end 2022, we intend to set a new target to expand alternative business 
models, including reusable and refillable bottles or containers, beverages that utilize 
concentrates such as fountain drinks, prepare-at-home beverages (e.g., SodaStream) 
or beverages sold in powder or drop form.

Sustainable foods packaging goal

Convenient Foods: bio- and 
paper-based materials, 
reusable or low/no package 
models

Our actions include:

• Expansion of pilots with rollout of Off The Eaten Path commercially 
   compostable packaging in Whole Foods in the United States

We’re designing our packaging to minimize the use of unsustainable 
materials, switching to alternative materials that prioritize the 
environment, and reinventing packaging to reduce the need for single-
use plastics through reusable or low- or no-packaging models. We 
intend to set a new quantifiable goal to reduce our use of single-use 
packaging for a percent of volume of our beverage portfolio by the end 
of 2022.

We work with external partners to develop more sustainable packaging 
solutions. We’re working to scale biodegradable film resins for next-
generation convenient foods packaging, and with our supply chain 
providers to scale compostable, renewable, bio- and paper-based and 
reusable packaging solutions. 

In partnership with the packaging technology company Pulpex Limited, 
we are working to develop the world’s first sustainably sourced, fully 
recyclable paper bottle, made from wood pulp, and our Frito-Lay brand 
launched commercially compostable packaging made primarily from 
non-food, plant-based sources for its Off The Eaten Path Veggie Crisps 
snacks line. 

We continue to expand our portfolio of Beyond the Bottle beverages. 
SodaStream is bringing PepsiCo flavor options such as Pepsi Zero 
Sugar, Lipton and bubly and SodaStream Professional to additional 
markets by end of 2022. Our SodaStream Professional business is 
a mobile-enabled platform that allows people to customize their 
water away from home, including at offices, colleges and airports, 
with reusable bottles. SodaStream plans to switch all its flavors from 
virgin plastic to alternative materials including metal and rPET, which 
is expected to eliminate the need for nearly 200 million virgin plastic 
bottles by 2025 in addition to the more than 200 billion plastic bottles 
the brand is expected to help consumers avoid by 2030.

In our convenient foods business, we are investing in breakthrough 
food packaging technology and business models that offer new 
ways to deliver our convenient foods, including refill-on-the-go 
bulk dispensing models. For example, in 2020, in partnership with 
UK retailer, Asda, we launched a trial to reduce plastics and explore 
refillable options in their Sustainability Store. 

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides detail 
on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on 
a wide range of subjects. Click on the innovative 
packaging-related link below.

Packaging  

2

Positive Choices: Innovative packaging solutions2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryPositive Choices: Planet + people brands
We’re using the scale of our iconic, globally recognized brands to inspire 
people to make positive choices for our communities and planet. 

At PepsiCo, we recognize that our brands connect with consumers 
and can have a positive impact on the choices they make. More and 
more people today are purchasing with purpose, expecting that 
corporations be accountable for the role and impact they have on 
the planet. 

Data shows that more than half of consumers expect brands to 
have strong purpose and give back to society, and when consumers 
think a brand has a strong purpose, they are 4.5 times more likely to 
champion the company and recommend it to friends and family.

Against that backdrop, our powerful brands are taking action — 
imagining and implementing steps toward a better future while 
aiming to deliver the Positive Choices our consumers want and 
amplify positive outcomes. This includes efforts to drive greater 
recycling, educating people about the planetary impacts of their 
buying choices and empowering consumers with transparent 
environmental labeling on our key products.

Our good partnerships

Goals & progress

Planet + People Brands goal 

Leverage our scaled brands to 
embody and amplify positive 
outcomes for the planet and 
people, including empowering 
consumers with transparent 

environmental labeling on our 

key products

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. We are in the process 
of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

1

2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryOur consumer brands 
have joined the 
pep+ planet + people 
agenda, launching 
initiatives around the 
environmental and 
societal causes where 
they can have the 
biggest impact:

Pepsi

Pepsi educates consumers on 
the benefits of recycling (through 
Trash Talk activation with the NFL) 
and supported Black-owned and 
Hispanic-owned restaurants in the 
U.S. during the pandemic.

Quaker

Quaker is expanding their Qrece 
program in Latin America, a 
program with the PepsiCo 
Foundation, CARE and Un Kilo de 
Ayuda, which addresses the basic 
needs of malnourished children, 
beginning with a healthy meal and 
ending with the ingredients for a 
promising, fulfilling future.

Lay’s

Lay’s supports female farmers 
in Egypt, Peru and Uganda and 
celebrates the local origin of 
our potatoes in our key markets, 
including the U.S., Mexico, Turkey 
and Brazil. In addition, Lay’s RePlay 
initiative, in partnership with the 
UEFA Foundation for children 
and streetfootballworld, reuses 
empty chip packs to help create 
sustainable football pitches, uniting 
communities around the world 
through the power of football.

Doritos

Doritos supports the LGBTQ+ 
community across Latin America 
with the ambition of promoting 
diversity, equality and respect by 
continuing the Doritos Rainbows 
initiative. In the U.S., Doritos 
promotes Solid Black, an initiative 
that amplifies bold Black voices 
of strength and resilience and 
aims to empower and give young 
Black people a positive platform to 
showcase their identity.

2

Positive Choices: Planet + people brands2021 PepsiCo ESG SummaryApproach

At PepsiCo, we are listening to consumers and taking the initiative to be more purposeful wherever we can. We’re 
thinking about where ingredients are sourced and by whom, how much water and energy is used to make our 
products, how we can be more efficient and sustainable with our packaging solutions, and how our brands show up 
for their communities. 

We know we don’t have all the answers on this journey. Partnership is the key to progress, bringing expertise, 
complementing our capabilities and increasing trust and credibility. We’re engaging with key partners with shared 
ambitions, including the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, The Nature Conservancy, World Wildlife Fund and Sustainable 
Brands. 

We are working to develop industry-wide environmental labeling standards that let consumers know that buying a 
particular product will help build a more sustainable food system – from the way the ingredients were grown, to the 
way it was made, to the way it was designed to be consumed.

We’re proud that our brands are leading the charge to become sustainability leaders, from Pepsi-branded products 
in 11 European markets transitioning to 100% rPET bottles by the end of 2022 (which is expected to eliminate over 
70,000 tonnes of conventional virgin plastic per year and reduce GHG emissions per bottle by roughly 30%) to the 
effort of Frito-Lay’s Off The Eaten Path to reduce GHG emissions by offering commercially compostable packaging 
made with 85% plant-based materials.

Explore these topics in more depth

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A-Z resource provides detail 
on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a 
wide range of subjects. Click on the planet + people-
related links below.

Philanthropy  
Diversity, equity and inclusion  
Sustainable product design  

Read our latest sustainability and community impact stories  

3

Positive Choices: Planet + people brands2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary2021  
ESG Performance  
Metrics

The information within this PDF is as of June 28, 2022. 

As a general matter, recent organizational changes (e.g., acquisitions and divestitures) 

are reflected in our reporting as soon as data becomes available, at which point, 

previously reported impacted metrics that are deemed significant are recast to 

consistently reflect the impact of the organizational changes. 

Unless otherwise noted, information available with respect to our acquisitions of 

Hangzhou Haomusi Food Co., Ltd. (Be & Cheery), BFY Brands, Inc. (BFY), Pioneer Food 

Group Ltd. (Pioneer Foods), Rockstar Energy Beverages (Rockstar) and SodaStream 

International Ltd. (SodaStream) is included herein.

Targets apply to PepsiCo’s operations as well as our value chain (e.g., franchise 

bottlers, joint ventures where PepsiCo has operational control, co-manufacturers, etc.) 

unless otherwise noted.

Our Sustainability Reporting Suite includes multiple resources 
available online that explain our approach to help build a more 
sustainable food system. This document reflects progress against  
our sustainability goals, as they were structured in 2021. For  
detail on how we measure performance against these goals, see  
the Calculation Methodology on ESG Topics A-Z.

About our evolving ambitions
The introduction of pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) in 2021 gave PepsiCo the opportunity to re-evaluate its  
sustainability goals. For some of these, we made the decision — based on our latest understanding of 
needs and opportunities — to extend the scope and/or level of ambition. In most of these cases, we are now 
striving to achieve results by 2030 in line with our broader pep+ agenda.

We have also introduced 17 new goals that align with our pep+ vision to operate within planetary 
boundaries and inspire positive change for the planet and people. 

Throughout this ESG Performance Metrics Sheet, we have indicated these new and evolved goals with the  
symbols indicated in the key below. Detail on specific goals is provided in the “Comments” column throughout.

POSITIVE AGRICULTURE

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Spread the adoption of regenerative agriculture practices 
across 7 million acres, approximately equal to 100% of 
the land used around the world to grow our crops and 
ingredients for our products

Advocate for and contribute to a measurable improvement 
in the health of high water-risk watersheds where we 
directly source our crops, including an improvement in 
water-use efficiency of 15% by 20252

7 million 
acres

>345,000 
acres1

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not reported in prior years.

15% 
(2025 Target)

—%3

14%4

—%3

3%4

—%3

—%3

Sustainably source 100% of our key ingredients, expanding 
to include not only our grower-sourced crops (potatoes, 
whole corn and oats), but also key crops from third parties, 
such as vegetable oils and grains5, 6

100%

~50% 

Goal expanded with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Combined metric not measured in 
prior years.

Regenerative acres demonstrate measured 
improvement in sequestering carbon to reduce GHG  
emissions AND at least one other of the following: 
improved soil health, improved watershed health, 
improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

To focus efforts on implementing sustainable 
practices, we currently intend to collect and publish 
agricultural water-use efficiency data at least every 
three years. High water-risk locations defined by 
WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

Percentage of volume sustainably sourced and 
verified by third parties, including volume of 
certified sustainable palm oil meeting Roundtable 
on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) standard and 
volume of certified sustainable cane sugar meeting 
Bonsucro or equivalent standard.

Improve the livelihoods of more than 250,000 people  
in our agricultural supply chain and communities, including  
by economically empowering women

>250,000 
people

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. Progress 
reporting for this metric is in process.

1 Regenerative acres reported for 2021 include U.S. and Canada only
2 15% improvement goal measured versus a 2015 baseline. The metric was previously reported in our Water section.
3 Data for this time period not available, as we measure this metric at least every three years
4  Results reflect the exclusion of Pioneer Foods, BFY and Be & Cheery
pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

5  For grower-sourced crops, sustainable sourcing refers to meeting the independently verified environmental, social and economic principles of 

PepsiCo’s Sustainable Farming Program (SFP). For supplier-sourced crops, sustainable sourcing is achieved through a third-party standard that has 
been benchmarked as equivalent to the SFP or, in limited regions, a continuous improvement program addressing the main environmental and social 
risks with growing the relevant crop.

6  Cane sugar: Results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Pioneer Foods

2

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: CLIMATE

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain by more than 40% by 2030, including a 75% reduction in emissions from our 
direct operations. Achieve net-zero emissions by 2040.

For more information, visit the Climate Change 
page on ESG Topics A–Z.

Reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 75%1

75%

25%

23%

9%

6%

4%

1%

Reducing Scope 3 emissions by 40%1, 2

40%

(5)%3

3%3

2%

3%

–4

–4

Reducing total Scope 1, 2 & 3 emissions by more than 40%1, 2

>40%

(2)%3

5%3 

2%

3%

–4

–4

Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition 
increased from 20% to 75% reduction.

Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition 
increased from 20% to 40% reduction. 2021 Scope 
3 progress impacted by increased packaging use, 
transportation, third-party manufacturing and other 
purchased goods due to business growth.

Goal timeline extended to 2030. Goal ambition 
increased from 20% to more than 40% reduction. 
2021 Scope 3 progress impacted by increased 
packaging use, transportation, third-party 
manufacturing and other purchased goods due to 
business growth.

1 Measured versus a 2015 baseline
2 Where 2021 actual data was not available, estimated 2021 data was used
3 Results reflect the exclusion of Be & Cheery and certain Scope 3 emissions for other acquisitions where data is not available
4 Scope 3 data for this time period is not available

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

3

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: WATER

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Improve operational water-use efficiency by 25% in high 
water-risk areas by 20251, 2

25%  
(2025 Target)

18%

15%

9%

4%

2%

1%

Between 2006–2015, water-use efficiency improved 
by 26% in global legacy operations.

Ensure we have net water positive impact by achieving: 

Best-in-class water-use efficiency in 100% of high water-risk manufacturing sites, PepsiCo and third-party facilities3 (for PepsiCo facilities, this equates to more than 50% reduction in absolute water use 
from 2015 baseline year)

High water-risk beverages sites (liters/liter)2

High water-risk convenient foods sites (liters/kg)2

1.2

0.4

1.8

2.4

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not reported in prior years.

Best-in-class water-use efficiency for beverages sites 
is defined as 1.2 liters/liter of beverage production.

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not reported in prior years.

Best-in-class water-use efficiency for convenient 
foods sites is defined as 0.4 liters/kg of convenient 
food production.

World-class water-use efficiency in all other manufacturing sites, PepsiCo and third-party facilities3

Non high water-risk beverages sites (liters/liter)2

Non high water-risk convenient foods sites (liters/kg)2

1.4

4.4

1.8

5.0

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not reported in prior years.

World-class water-use efficiency for beverages sites 
is defined as 1.4 liters/liter of beverage production.

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not reported in prior years.

World-class water-use efficiency for convenient foods 
sites is defined as 4.4 liters/kg of convenient food 
production.

Replenishing back into the local watershed more than 100% 
of the water we use4

>100%

34%

18%

10%

8%

11%

9%

Goal ambition expanded to include third-party 
facilities (100%) and more than 100% for company-
owned operations by 2030.

Continue to adopt the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Standard in high water-risk manufacturing areas, by 2025, as a vehicle for water advocacy

Number of high water-risk facilities that have fully adopted 
the AWS Standard

Number of high water-risk facilities that are in the process 
of adopting the AWS Standard

3

31

0

10

0

3

–5

–5

–5

–5

–5

–5

1 25% improvement goal measured versus a 2015 baseline. High water-risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.
2 Results reflect the exclusion of Be & Cheery
3  All best-in-class and world-class results for 2021 do not reflect inclusion of third-party facilities

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

4 Results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Be & Cheery, and do not reflect inclusion of third-party facilities
5 Data for this time period is not available

4

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: PACKAGING

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Cut virgin plastic from non-renewable sources per serving 
across our global beverages and convenient foods portfolio  
by 50%1 through:

50%

5%

Goal expanded with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not measured in prior years.

Goal expanded in 2021 to 50% for beverages and 
convenient foods.

Scaling new business models that avoid or minimize single-
use packaging materials

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. We are in the process of 
establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

Reducing our absolute tonnage of virgin plastic derived from 
non-renewable sources by 20%1, including by:

20%

(5)%

Goal expanded with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not measured in prior years.

2021 performance impacted by increased plastic 
use due to business growth.

Use of market-leading bio-based materials and increase 
incorporation of recycled content (50% across plastics)

50%

6%

Goal expanded with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not measured in prior years.

Goal timeline extended to 2030 and goal expanded 
to 50% recycled content.

Design 100% of packaging to be recyclable, compostable, 
biodegradable or reusable by 2025

100% 
(2025 Target)

87%

87%

Goal expanded with the launch of 
pep+ in 2021. Updated metric not 
measured in prior years.

Goal expanded in 2021 to include reusable 
packaging.

Invest to increase recycling rates in key markets by 2025

Our actions include:

• Educating and encouraging consumers to recycle

•  Partnering to increase and improve recycling infrastructure and building 

solutions for current and future material streams

Further information on partnerships, including with 
Closed Loop Partners, the Alliance to End Plastic 
Waste and Circulate Capital, are detailed on the 
Packaging page on ESG Topics A-Z.

1 Measured versus a 2020 baseline

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

5

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: PEOPLE

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Provide meaningful jobs and growth opportunities for our people and empower them to make a positive impact at work, at home and in their local communities.

Increase the employability of our people through  
increased access to degrees, skill development and new 
roles, providing meaningful growth opportunities to 
everyone at every stage

Empower our associates with the resources and time needed 
to cultivate prosperity in our communities

Our 2021 actions include:

•  Launching a tuition assistance program giving U.S. associates access to 

100+ debt-free degrees, certificates and trades programs

•  Increasing breadth and depth of self-paced learning content in our learner 

experience platform

•  Initiating platform rollout for frontline learning that is easier to access 

and navigate

Our actions include implementing the One Smile at a Time program to:

• Empower our associates who volunteer with the resources they need

•  Unleash the passion of our employees, especially our frontline associates

• Provide opportunities to volunteer and micro-volunteer

• Enable employees to connect with their colleagues and communities 

•  Provide a simple way to sign up, track and show impact through a  

digital platform

•  Provide clear communications to all employees and find ways  

to engage

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

6

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: PEOPLE

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics1

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Build a better workplace and world by advancing human rights and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) for our people, in our business partnerships and our communities including:

Continue to make measurable progress against our Racial Equality Journey goals in the U.S.

Achieve 10% Black representation in U.S. managerial 
populations

Achieve 10% Hispanic representation in U.S. managerial 
populations

10%  
(2025 Target)

10% 
(2025 Target)

8.3%

8.0%

Goal added to pep+ vision in 2021.

9.5%

9.3%

Goal added to pep+ vision in 2021.

Continue to help address inequalities for historically 
marginalized people, and underserved businesses and 
communities

Our actions include:

•  Increasing our engagement and programs at colleges and universities to 

cultivate and increase hiring of diverse talent

•  Tailoring our tools and resources, while continuing to deepen our 

engagement with external advocacy organizations to support our diverse 
workforce, including associates with disabilities, LGBTQ+ associates, 
veterans and communities of color

•  Developed skill-building programs to elevate business impact, while 

focusing on sponsorship and mentorship of our diverse talent

Achieve and sustain 50% women in management roles

50% 
(2025 Target)

43%

41%

41%

40%

39%

38%

Achieve and sustain pay equity for our global professional 
population by maintaining a comprehensive global pay 
equity review process

Extend the principles of our Supplier Code of Conduct to all 
of our franchisees and joint ventures by 2025

Women and men continue to be paid within 1% of each other2

72 countries included in 2021 analysis, representing 
more than 99% of salaried population.

Our actions include:

•  Continuing to engage directly with our franchise and joint venture 

partners on our pep+ priority areas, including human rights

•  Completing expansion of our Sustainable Sourcing Program to franchise 

and joint venture partners in Europe and Latin America

See additional information within our Human Rights 
and Sustainable Sourcing pages on ESG Topics A-Z.

1  Having achieved our goal in 2021, we are sunsetting the goal to provide 12.5 million women with essential resources for workforce readiness and programs that empower women in the food system and farming by 2025.  

In 2022, we will report similar program efforts to economically empower women in agriculture.

2  After controlling for legitimate drivers of pay and based on base compensation; analysis excludes frontline. U.S. and U.K. included in 2016 analysis. 21 countries included in 2017 analysis.  

33 countries included in 2018 analysis. 69 countries included in 2019 analysis. 71 countries included in 2020 analysis, representing more than 99% of salaried population. 

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

7

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE VALUE CHAIN: PEOPLE

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Build a better workplace and world by advancing human rights and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) for our people, in our business partnerships and our communities including (continued):

Promote fair and safe working conditions for all by 
advancing respect for human rights everywhere we operate 
and throughout our business activities

Our actions include:

•  Revising our Global Human Rights Policy to strengthen our expectations 

and reflect emerging best practices in several areas, including our salient 
human rights issues

•  Piloting a new remote worker voice initiative with over 500 workers to 

gain insight into potential risks in our direct operations, and planning to 
further scale this initiative within other operations in 2022

•  Continuing to expand our Sustainable Sourcing Program to additional 

segments of our external value chain (e.g., contract labor providers) and 
evaluating additional areas for expansion in 2022 (e.g., transportation  
and logistics)

In late 2021, we initiated a strategic review of 
our salient human rights issues to ensure we 
are focusing on the rights at risk of the most 
severe impacts throughout our value chain. We 
anticipate concluding this review and providing a 
more detailed update in late 2022. See additional 
information within our Human Rights and 
Sustainable Sourcing pages on ESG Topics A-Z.

Continue to strive for an injury-free work environment

2.481

1.991

2.281

2.44

2.49

2.81

Progress showcases Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) 
per million hours worked. While this metric is new 
to our pep+ agenda, metric has been previously 
reported on our Environment, Health and Safety 
page on ESG Topics A-Z.

Reach 100 million people with safe water access2

Partner with communities to advance food security and 
make nutritious food accessible to 50 million people3

100  
million

50  
million

>68  
million

>55 
million

44 
million

22 
million

16 
million

11 
million

Goal increased to 100 million by 2030, having 
achieved more than 50 million in 2020.

>54  
million

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 
2021. Metric not measured in prior years.

Progress results include programs funded by the 
PepsiCo Foundation that are intended to provide 
nutritious meals, utilizing external standards 
established by the Global Alliance for Improved 
Nutrition (GAIN) and the Food and Agriculture 
Organization of the United States (FAO).

1 2021 and 2020 results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream and Pioneer Foods. 2019 results reflect the exclusion of SodaStream.
2 Metric counts the cumulative number of people provided with access to safe water since 2006. This metric was previously reported in our Water section.
3 Initial target setting for this metric did not include Pioneer Foods, which delivered accessibility for over 20 million people by 2021

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

8

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE CHOICES: EXPANDED PORTFOLIO OFFERINGS

New goal introduced

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2025 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Continue to provide consumers choice for every occasion by expanding our product offerings by 2025.

Reduce added sugars: ≥ 67% of beverage portfolio volume 
will have ≤100 Calories from added sugars per 12oz. serving

>67%

53%

48%2

47%3

44%4

40%5

40%6

Reduce sodium: ≥ 75% of convenient foods portfolio volume 
will not exceed 1.3 milligrams of sodium per Calorie

>75%

66%1

64%2

61%3

58%4

56%5

54%6

Reduce saturated fats: ≥ 75% of convenient foods portfolio 
volume will not exceed 1.1 grams of saturated fat per 100 
Calories

>75%

75%1

71%2

62%3

61%4

61%5

66%6

1 Results reflect exclusion of Be & Cheery portfolio
2  As of 2020, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 88% of our global convenient foods volume.  

Results reflect exclusion of Be & Cheery portfolio.

3  As of 2019, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 79% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume
4  As of 2018, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 89% of our global convenient foods volume
5  As of 2017, Top 26 Beverage markets represented 80% of our global beverages volume and Top 23 Convenient Foods markets represented 90% of our global convenient foods volume
6  As of 2016, Top 10 markets represented 63% of our global beverages volume and 79% of our global convenient foods volume

Our global progress is based on our Top 26 beverage 
markets, which represent 79% of our global 
beverages volume as of 2021.

Our global progress is based on our Top 23 
convenient foods markets, which represent 86%  
of our global convenient foods volume as of 2021.

Our global progress is based on our Top 23 
convenient foods markets, which represent 86%  
of our global convenient foods volume as of 2021.

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

9

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSPOSITIVE CHOICES: INNOVATIVE PACKAGING SOLUTIONS

New goal introduced 

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Develop and deploy disruptive sustainable packaging materials and new models for beverages and convenient foods.

Beverages: SodaStream/SodaStream Professional, powders,  
bio- and paper-based packaging

Our actions include:

•  Launch of Gatorade sachets in Australia, allowing consumers to use their 

own reusable water bottles

•  Transitioning of brands like Pepsi Zero Sugar, Mtn Dew and Aquafina to  

100% recycled PET in various markets

By year end 2022, we intend to set a new target 
to expand alternative business models, including 
reusable and refillable bottles or containers, 
beverages that utilize concentrates such as  
fountain drinks, prepare-at-home beverages  
(e.g., SodaStream), or beverages sold in powder  
or drop form.

Convenient Foods: bio- and paper-based materials, reusable 
or low/no package models

Our actions include:

•  Expansion of pilots with rollout of Off the Eaten Path commercially 

compostable packaging in Whole Foods in the United States

POSITIVE CHOICES: PLANET + PEOPLE BRANDS

New goal introduced 

3rd-party limited assurance

Expanded scope and/or timeline

Target Metrics

Status

2030 Target

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Comments

Leverage our scaled brands to embody and amplify positive 
outcomes for the planet and people, including empowering 
consumers with transparent environmental labeling on our  
key products

Goal introduced with the launch of pep+ in 2021. We are in the process of 
establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

pepsico.com/our-impact/sustainability/sustainability-report  •  pepsico.com/our-impact/esg-topics-a-z

10

2021 PEPSICO ESG PERFORMANCE METRICSRead the PepsiCo 2021 ESG Summary here >>

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This PepsiCo, Inc. 2021 ESG Summary contains statements reflecting our views about our future 
performance that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally identified 
through the inclusion of words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” 
“goal,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “strategy,” “strive,” “target” and “will” or similar statements 
or variations of such terms and other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements inherently 
involve risks and uncertainties. For information on certain factors that could cause actual events 
or results to differ materially from our expectations, please see PepsiCo’s filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent 
reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such 
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. PepsiCo undertakes 
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise.

The information within this PDF is as of June 28, 2022.

As a general matter, recent organizational changes (e.g., acquisitions and divestitures) are reflected in our reporting as soon as data becomes available, at which point, previously reported impacted metrics that are deemed significant are recast to consistently reflect the impact of the organizational changes.

Unless otherwise noted, information available with respect to our acquisitions of Hangzhou Haomusi Food Co., Ltd. (Be Cheery), BFY Brands, Inc. (BFY), Pioneer Food Group Ltd. (Pioneer Foods), Rockstar Energy Beverages (Rockstar) and SodaStream International Ltd. (SodaStream) is included herein.

Targets apply to PepsiCo’s operations as well as our value chain (e.g., franchise bottlers, joint ventures where PepsiCo has operational control, co manufacturers, etc.) unless otherwise noted.

For a long time in the business world, sustainability was a buzzword.

A term often applied with little consistency and less intention to various disparate initiatives.

In some ways, sustainability used to be a side project or a distraction: a drain on precious resources and a potential drag on the bottom line.

Our stakeholders consumers, customers, investors, communities, governments, and NGOs demand action.

They want a more focused, more integrated approach that places sustainability at the heart of business operations.

At PepsiCo, we recognize that the futures of our company, communities, and planet are all inextricably linked.

That reality has been driven home again and again in recent years, first by the COVID 19 pandemic, then the deadly conflict in Ukraine.

Through it all, climate change has continued to increase its impact on our fragile ecosystems, leading to extreme weather, crop failures, and changes in the range and abundance of certain plants and animals.

All of these issues have resulted in a collision of food shortages, supply chain bottlenecks, and a refugee crisis unlike anything Europe has seen since World War II.

In this context, we have been thinking hard about what it means to be a truly sustainable company, one that creates growth and value for all of our stakeholders.

We know that to be successful five years, 10 years, 20 years from now, we need to create more resilience in our business.

And that means we need to change what we do and how we do it.

In September 2021 we launched a strategic, end to end transformation of our business.

We put sustainability and human capital at the center of how we will create growth and value, by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for the planet and people.

We call this approach PepsiCo Positive (pep ), reflecting a new reality where consumers, customers, our associates, investors, regulators, and many other stakeholders are becoming more interested in the future of the planet and society.

From sourcing ingredients to making and selling our products more sustainably, pep connects the future of our business with the future of our planet.

Ramon Laguarta, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo, discusses regenerative farming practices with UK potato farmer, Gavin Janaway, on a recent trip to the UK.

We know that to be successful five years, 10 years, 20 years from now, we need to create more resilience in our business.

By advancing our pep goals, we believe we will be a consistent top market performer and a force for good by doing what’s right for people and the planet.

As we evolve our approach to sustainability, how we report our progress and success will also evolve.

This year marks our first ever Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Summary.

The Summary includes how we’re leveraging our brands, people, and scale to create positive change, and illustrates progress with the latest real life examples.

The revamped digital format seamlessly directs stakeholders to the most relevant information, sitting atop a wealth of detailed data, updated regularly on our time stamped ESG Topics A Z resource.

It’s a significant change for us, but we are starting from a position of strength, as Corporate Secretary has recognized us for best ESG reporting for the second year.

I am confident that our reporting will only improve as we work toward a fully integrated structure, where we publish our Annual ESG Summary alongside our Annual Report.

Positive Agriculture is about our aspiration to source crops and ingredients in a way that restores the earth, makes the soil healthier, sequesters carbon, and eliminates deforestation whilst also strengthening farming communities.

Positive Value Chain is our focus on making products that build a circular and inclusive economy, including goals for reaching net zero emissions, becoming net water positive, introducing more sustainable packaging, continuing our Racial Equality Journey, among others.

Positive Choices is about using our brands to inspire people to make better choices for themselves and the planet.

To illustrate how pep looks in practice, take how we envision the transformation of products like our iconic Lay’s potato chip.

To maintain that position, we need to continue to work toward our goals and take decisive and sustainable actions.

That means the chip you love will start with a sustainably grown potato on a regenerative field.

Then the chip will be made and delivered from a Net Zero and Net Water Positive supply chain, sold in a beautiful bio compostable bag, and be the best tasting product with the lowest sodium levels in the market.

With the current uncertainty in the world, there might be a temptation to slow down our investments in pep .

As leaders, we should continue investing in sustainable packaging and regenerative agriculture, making our supply chains more sustainable and ensuring our brands innovate in positive spaces.

By becoming better ourselves, we not only meet the needs of our stakeholders but position ourselves for long term growth.

We can help define for the world what it means to be a truly sustainable company, and build a stronger, more resilient future for us all.

PepsiCo remains committed to taking a leadership role in the creation of a more sustainable food system that preserves the planet and positively impacts people and communities across the world.

With the ongoing volatility around the globe, our pep agenda continues to be the right path for our planet and our business.

The investments we have made in pep aim to ensure the sustainability of our business and the hundreds of thousands of jobs we support across our global supply chains creating growth and value within planetary boundaries while inspiring positive change for people and the planet.

Our vision is to Be the Global Leader in Beverages and Convenient Foods by Winning with PepsiCo Positive (pep ). pep is our strategic end to end transformation that puts sustainability and human capital at the center of how we will create value and growth.

We’re charting a new course to drive positive action for the planet and people.

A better food system means better outcomes for the earth, and all of us.

By becoming better ourselves, we can help build a stronger, more sustainable future for us all. pep will guide our business how we operate within planetary boundaries and inspire positive change for the planet and people.

We’re evolving how we source our ingredients and make and sell our products, and how we inspire people through our brands.

We’re working to source our crops and ingredients in ways that restore the earth and strengthen farming communities.

We’re helping to build a circular and inclusive value chain.

We’re inspiring people through our brands to make choices that create more smiles for them and the planet.

Across our value chain, PepsiCo is using our global reach and expertise to drive solutions at scale.

PepsiCo’s sustainability strategy targets every stage of our complex value chain to use resources more efficiently, reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, replenish water, improve our products and recapture packaging materials.

Investments in our circular and inclusive value chain will help accelerate the systemic change needed to address major global challenges.

PepsiCo sources crops from more than 30 countries and supports more than 100,000 jobs throughout our agricultural supply chain.

The standards we apply and promote can help improve the environmental, social and economic health of agricultural communities around the world.

We spent 750 million on R D in 2021 as part of our continued investment in developing quality and innovative beverages and convenient foods.

Our 294 manufacturing facilities bring together innovators and operations teams who work to use water, energy and ingredients efficiently to create our beverages and convenient foods.

In 2021, we produced more than 90 million metric tons of beverages and convenient foods.

PepsiCo products are sold in over 200 countries and territories.

In 2021, our company owned fleet traveled approximately 1.2 billion miles worldwide to bring PepsiCo products to customers.

We are working to reduce the impact of those miles by continuing to adopt more efficient vehicles and practices.

PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than 1 billion times a day.

We’re responding to changing consumer preferences by transforming our product portfolio and reformulating many of our beverages and convenient foods to reduce added sugars, sodium and saturated fat.

PepsiCo’s sustainable packaging vision is to help build a world where packaging never becomes waste by driving the shift from a linear economy to a circular economy.

We continue to grow our portfolio of Beyond the Bottle offerings, innovate to develop sustainable packaging and work to improve recycling infrastructure.

In 2006, PepsiCo started on a journey to transform the way we do business so that we can deliver strong financial returns in a way that is responsive to the needs of the world around us.

We believe strong governance is the foundation for delivering on our pep (PepsiCo Positive) agenda.

At PepsiCo, our ESG approach is integrated into, not separate from, our business.

In governing using this approach, we maintain a similarly integrated structure that combines Board and senior leadership oversight with the subject matter and localized expertise that informs our strategy and how we execute it.

The full Board considers ESG issues to be an integral part of its business strategy oversight.

To this end, our Sustainability, Diversity and Public Policy Committee assists the Board in providing more focused oversight of key sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion and public policy matters.

This Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors and reflects a mix of public policy, risk, international and science related skills, qualifications and experience.

Strategy and progress against our pep goals are regularly reviewed during meetings of an Executive Committee sub committee composed of members of our senior leadership management team and also reviewed as part of the expanded Executive Committee agenda.

This provides opportunities for our senior leadership to align on major strategic issues relating to ESG.

PepsiCo’s Global Sustainability Office, led by the company’s Chief Sustainability Officer with Sustainability teams in each sector, drives governance and delivery of the company’s sustainability agenda across the value chain.

Serving as the central connection point, the Sustainability Office works closely with leaders from across the business to drive continued progress against our pep agenda and ensure that ESG is embedded into our long term strategic planning.

Our reporting is the primary way that PepsiCo informs key stakeholders about our sustainability ambitions and progress.

Our stakeholders include investors, potential and current employees, customers and consumers, suppliers, non governmental organizations (NGOs), regulators and others.

Understanding that stakeholder needs differ, we publish a suite of reporting elements, targeted at different stakeholder groups.

We combine disclosure of strategy, policy, data and case studies, according to our understanding of stakeholder interest.

This ESG Summary: An evolution from our prior Sustainability Report, our digital ESG Summary provides a high level overview of our pep agenda and progress made during the year.

It aims to demonstrate the integration between ESG and our business, and is designed to link seamlessly with ESG Topics A Z for more detail and the latest updates.

Users can also use the Report Builder’ functionality to download a version tailored to their interests.

ESG Performance Metrics: Time series data for our key sustainability goals, intended to support ESG analysis, primarily for financial stakeholders, ESG raters and NGOs.

Indices and framework responses and other topic specific disclosures: These map our reporting to specific metrics established by key reporting frameworks including the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) climate, water and forest responses.

It also includes specialized reporting, such as our annual Green Bond Reports.

ESG Topics A Z: An evergreen deep dive on around 50 sustainability related topics designed to provide accessible, consistent information for those looking for greater depth on PepsiCo’s ESG strategy, management, policies, progress and partnerships.

We are constantly evaluating our goals and progress, assessing the technical and regulatory challenges we face in achieving our ambitious objectives, and innovating new ways to keep moving forward.

As frameworks and regulations continue to expand in the U.S., Europe and beyond, and as we encounter new challenges and opportunities, our commitment to transparency in reporting our strategy, goals, initiatives and progress on ESG topics will remain steadfast.

A steady, sustainable supply of crops is central to our business.

Our agricultural footprint covers approximately 7 million acres, and our supply chain supports more than 100,000 agricultural jobs worldwide.

We work with tens of thousands of farmers to source more than 25 crops and ingredients from more than 30 countries around the world.

The goal is a sustainable food system that respects natural resources and makes a positive impact on the people and communities we work with and serve.

It’s better for people, better for the planet and better for our business.

We are taking a landscape approach to advancing regenerative agriculture, marked by collaboration between stakeholders within a designated region often spanning multiple crops, sectors and land uses to advance shared sustainability goals while reconciling and optimizing multiple social, economic and environmental objectives.

And because real change requires long term, consistent effort, we have launched several initiatives tackling some of our key commodities with this approach in the Midwest U.S., Mexico and Southeast Asia, and plan to expand into new priority landscapes as we progress on our Positive Agriculture journey.

Agriculture Climate related impacts like excessive heat, drought or flooding can impact farm yield and productivity.

So we’ve taken steps designed to source our crops in ways that respect natural resources, strengthen farming communities and ensure a secure supply of ingredients for our products.

We’re supporting regenerative agricultural practices that aim to make soil healthier, sequester carbon, improve watershed health and biodiversity, and strengthen farmer livelihoods.

We’re working closely with our farmers and intermediary suppliers to embed these practices throughout our agricultural supply chain.

We’re using our scale, influence and expertise to do more than just reduce our own impact.

Our strategy prioritizes investment, innovation and collaboration with our farming partners and suppliers to deliver positive impact around the world.

We are using our scale, influence and key ingredients and crops sourced of our grower sourced crops are acres farmed with regenerative farming agricultural expertise to help build a from more than 30 di erent countries sustainably sourced globally practices toward goal of 7 million by 2030 sustainable food system.

For grower sourced crops, sustainable sourcing refers to meeting the independently verified environmental, social and economic principles of PepsiCo’s Sustainable Farming Program.

Regenerative acres demonstrate measured improvement in sequestering carbon to reduce GHG emissions AND at least one other of the following: improved soil health, improved watershed health, improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

Source our crops and ingredients in ways that restore the earth and strengthen farming communities.

We define regenerative agriculture3 as a set of farming principles and practices that improve and restore ecosystems while building resilience.

Our approach is outcome oriented, and to some extent, we are practice agnostic.

That’s because every farming community is different, with different needs.

We’re tracking how soil health, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction and carbon sequestration, watershed management, biodiversity and the livelihoods of agricultural workers are improving.

There are some practice categories we’ve identified that help drive those results, and we are working on scaling them.

Regenerative acres demonstrate measured improvement in sequestering carbon to reduce GHG emissions AND at least one other of the following: improved soil health, improved watershed health, improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

Progress presented here reflects our first year tracking this metric and builds on years of partnership and investment in sustainable agriculture.

Regenerative techniques not only protect against soil erosion and water depletion, but they can also help farmers grow more food on the same amount of land.

These techniques typically require fewer inputs, so they can also lead to higher margins and greater profitability for our farmers.

In 2021, we launched an internal co investment fund to incentivize our local teams to design and scale innovative solutions that contribute to our Positive Agriculture agenda.

Now in its second year, the Positive Agriculture Outcomes Fund provides a unique mechanism that reduces the risk and cost of projects with long term sustainable business potential.

To date, nearly 2 million has been granted through the Fund.

In addition, we understand societal concerns around pesticides and are actively seeking continuous improvements in agricultural practices that minimize pesticide and other agrochemical use.

We established a cross functional Global Pesticide Council composed of senior leaders across key functions to evaluate pesticide issues and direct the Company’s policies and programs.

The Council has developed a five year strategic plan with clear deliverables, including industry benchmarking, and centralized global scientific and regulatory tracking.

We also engage with multi stakeholder groups, peer companies and NGOs to develop, promote and adopt best practices related to responsible use of pesticides.

Reduce and sequester CO2 Plant cover crops to sequester CO2 underground.

Promote reduced and no till cultivation for minimal soil disturbance.

Help farmers access more efficient irrigation equipment.

Transition from flood irrigation to more efficient methods (i.e., drip irrigation and fertigation ) and maintenance.

Source directly from growers chain whenever possible.

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary In collaboration with our internal experts, industry peers and cross sector partners, we have developed a practice bank of those activities and practices that contribute to our Regenerative Agriculture goals, a database that we introduced in May 2022 to our farmers and suppliers.

Climate resilience is also a key priority to safeguard our operations for many years to come.

It’s the reason why we joined forces with several strategic partners worldwide to understand the specific needs to fight climate change in every sector in which we operate.

Alongside organizations such as CIAT (International Center for Tropical Agriculture), GIZ, Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research, U.S.

Farmers and Ranchers Alliance, World Farmers’ Organization, AgroScout and others, we are supporting farmers to implement adaptive practices, reduce GHG emissions in agriculture and strengthen their field knowledge and management to respond quickly in a targeted way so we can all continue driving the pep agenda forward.

We actively support farmers in our supply chain with programs to make it easier for them to adopt regenerative practices.

In the U.S., we helped farmers plant cover crops on over 85,000 acres, resulting in up to a 38% net reduction in on farm GHG emissions, including soil carbon sequestration1 and provided support to more than 600 farmers in North American farmland by the end of 2021.

Our demonstration farms program showcases practices that are leading to the commercialization of innovative ag tech and the scaling of proven practices that lead to regenerative outcomes.

The demonstration farms enable the farmers we work with to share their firsthand experiences, which encourages broader adoption.

In 2021, we worked with 20 different partners to demonstrate farming best practices in areas such as nutrients, water use efficiency and precision farming.

In 28 demonstration farms in India, we saw average yield improvements of almost 7% and reduced GHG emissions by more than 7%, resulting in farmer income increase of 55 per acre on average.

In Thailand, we worked with the Department of Agriculture and other partners to implement integrated pest and nutrient management and install drip irrigation systems on our demonstration farms, resulting in an average yield increase of 25% (on seven farms), a 23% carbon emissions reduction and a more than 40% reduction in water use in irrigation.

In Mexico, we demonstrated ways to save water through different irrigation techniques and improvements in existing irrigation systems.

We reduced water use in irrigation by 36% on average while increasing potato yields by 8%.

By the end of 2021, we had 72 regenerative demonstration farms as part of the program and over 600 farmers transitioned from demonstration into broader landscape impact programs to scale up proven innovation.

In a landscape approach, farmers in a region align around shared sustainability goals and commit to specific regenerative practices.

PepsiCo and our partners support work within the landscape to spread the adoption of regenerative agriculture and deliver outcomes, such as GHG emissions reduction, through funding independent advisories for farmers, facilitating coaching and peer support and financially incentivizing adoption of regenerative practices.

As we advance on our Positive Agriculture journey, and more farms learn the benefits of regenerative agriculture and adopt its practices, we expect to continue to expand into new landscapes and grow the number of regenerative farming acres we annually report toward our goal of 7 million by 2030.

In 2021, we launched several landscape initiatives tackling some of our key commodities in the Midwest U.S., Mexico and Southeast Asia.

The metric was previously reported in our Water section.

To focus efforts on implementing sustainable practices, we currently intend to collect and publish agricultural water use efficiency data at least every three years.

High water risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

Through advocacy and our own initiatives (including promoting regenerative techniques), we’re working to measurably improve the health of high water risk watersheds where we directly source our crops and aim for a more sustainable way to use this resource.

At the end of 2021, we sourced approximately 40% of our grower sourced key ingredients the building blocks of our beverages and convenient foods from areas of high water risk.

These efforts are designed to help ensure our continued access to the water we need for production as well as preserve water access for the communities in which we operate.

We’ve targeted a goal of improving water use efficiency by 15% by 2025, compared to a 2015 baseline, throughout our operations.

Progress against this goal is measured at least every three years and was last measured in 2020.

Around the world, it is a common practice to use flood or trench irrigation to bring water to crops, causing farmers who use these methods to potentially lose up to 70% of the water used to runoff or evaporation.

In the search for a better solution, we partnered with N Drip, an Israeli company whose irrigation system is powered by gravity and harnesses the water saving benefits of high pressure drip irrigation without the need for the energy costs and water filtration associated with high pressure drip irrigation.

PepsiCo aims to scale N Drip’s technology to help improve farmer livelihoods with higher yields, reduced water consumption and reduced GHG emissions.

The goal is global adoption of N Drip water efficiency technology across 10,000 hectares (25,000 acres) by 2025.

In 2022, we plan to expand N Drip in India, South Africa and the United States as well as kick off a pilot in Greece.

The N Drip cost share project in India was made possible as a result of a grant from the Positive Agriculture Outcomes Fund.

We’re already using sustainably sourced ingredients in many of the PepsiCo products consumers know and love.

We’ve established sustainable sourcing standards as a baseline expectation for our agricultural suppliers, and we’re supporting farmers in making the transition to more sustainable approaches.

These efforts aim to ensure a secure supply of key ingredients while helping improve the livelihoods of farmers in our supply chain.

Around 50% of the volume of our key ingredients are bought directly from farmers through a grower group ( grower sourced ), while there are multiple tiers between the farmer and PepsiCo for the other approximately 50% ( supplier sourced ).

Toward our 2030 goal of reaching 100% of sustainably sourced key ingredients, in 2021, we achieved more than 90% on grower sourced crops as we continue to engage our main suppliers globally.

High risk approach: requires high risk commodities (palm, cane and soy) and commodities grown in high risk markets to be verified certified to a sustainability standard recognized by PepsiCo.

Low and medium risk approach: consists of working with suppliers to adopt a continuous improvement model, requiring them to demonstrate active work and progress toward outcomes by 2030.

These efforts seek to ensure a secure supply of key ingredients while helping improve the livelihoods of farmers in our supply chain.

For supplier sourced crops, sustainable sourcing is achieved through a third party standard that has been benchmarked as equivalent to the SFP or, in limited regions, a continuous improvement program addressing the main environmental and social risks with growing the relevant crop.

Percentage of volume sustainably sourced and verified by third parties, including volume of certified sustainable palm oil meeting Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) standard and volume of certified sustainable cane sugar meeting Bonsucro or equivalent standard.

In 2021, in Mexico, PepsiCo partnered with a supplier to pilot the Bonsucro Smallholder Standard, which resulted in 25 smallholder producers becoming certified among the first in the country.

In 2021, in collaboration with leading palm oil players, we launched the Rimba Collective the largest private sector enabled forest conservation initiative in Southeast Asia for palm oil, to deliver 1 billion for forest conservation and restoration.

In 2021, in Southeast Mexico, we launched Agrovita, a collaborative effort to strengthen the technical capabilities of 1,000 smallholders to implement regenerative agriculture, increase women empowerment and reduce smallholder carbon footprint.

In 2022, we launched a Positive Ag Supplier Playbook at our Supplier Summit, a public resource for buyers and suppliers to activate the goal across our entire key ingredient footprint.

Progress reporting for more than 250,000 people this metric is in process.

People are the foundation of the world’s food system and our business.

To ensure the long term health of both, it’s essential for agricultural workers to earn a wage that enables them and their families to grow and thrive.

Yet that’s not always the reality in many parts of the world.

We support the advancement of farming practices to optimize crop yields, respect human rights and plan to improve the livelihoods of more than 250,000 people in our agricultural supply chain and communities by 2030.

We’ve focused our efforts on our most vulnerable farming communities, including smallholder farmers and farm workers, women and minority farmers.

Women farmers make up about 40% of the agricultural workforce in developing countries but are often denied key resources that could help them prosper.

These resources include, among others, access to land, livestock, education, financial services, agricultural advisory services, technology and rural employment.

If women had equivalent resources, it is estimated they could increase their yields by 20 30% and increase the agricultural output of their countries by up to 4%, potentially reducing the number of hungry people in the world by 100 million or more.

Positive Agriculture2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary On this matter, we are drafting the livelihood measurement outcome indicators to track the number of livelihoods improved in PepsiCo’s agricultural supply chains and communities.

The indicators are designed to be relevant across different crops, scale of operations and geographies.

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation promote greater diversity and inclusion in farm management, including support for female farmers and people of color, through partnerships with organizations like the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), Inter American Development Bank (IADB), CARE and the National Black Growers Council.

Our promotion of regenerative agriculture techniques and support for open source agricultural technology and information also helps improve farmer livelihoods.

Regenerative practices can help farmers increase yield, leading to higher margins and greater profitability.

Our support programs, such as cost sharing for cover crops and peer to peer learning at our demonstration farms, help farmers ease the transition.

Support for open source agricultural technology and information can have a similar impact.

We worked with Corteva Agriscience to sequence an entire oat genome and made it publicly available to enable the creation of more resilient, productive and profitable varieties.

In 2021, we continued working with USAID on a 5 year, 20 million partnership to support women owned and women led enterprises among PepsiCo suppliers in rural farming communities in Asia, the Middle East and Latin America.

The programs will improve resiliency in these communities and show that inclusivity leads to better business results.

We launched the Next Generation Agriculture Fund with the IADB, a partnership in which we aim to test and demonstrate the impact of gender smart solutions along our agricultural supply chains in Dominican Republic, Ecuador and Guatemala.

This three year, 2 million partnership between PepsiCo LatAm Corporate Affairs, the Global Sustainability Office’s Agriculture team and the IADB includes an innovative talent acquisition and development program, as well as field activities that pilot the use of inclusive and gender smart solutions that enhance farmers’ resilience and contribute to PepsiCo’s Positive Agriculture goals.

In addition, we became a founding partner of AgMission, an unprecedented initiative to reduce GHG emissions in agriculture with a 5 million commitment to expand our efforts toward creating a more sustainable planet.

Across the board, we see bilateral, multilateral and pre competitive partnerships as critical to the ongoing success of pep , the achievement of our 2025 and 2030 goals and the overall resilience and sustainability of our key supply chains.

They are instrumental in leveraging and mobilizing a wide range of technical and financial resources that support farmers as they make the transition to more regenerative and inclusive practices, ones that will contribute to improved environmental and social outcomes.

We cannot achieve these ambitious sustainable business objectives without these collaborations across supply chains, geographies, industries and sectors.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

A value chain is the full range of activities needed to create a product or service.

Ours begins with the crops grown by our farmers and suppliers, which are made into food and drinks and packaged at our manufacturing facilities, then delivered to stores where they are purchased, consumed and later recycled or collected as waste.

PepsiCo is building a circular and inclusive value chain to accelerate the systemic change needed to address major global challenges.

We’re taking direct action aimed to reduce impacts relating to climate, minimize water use and introduce more sustainable packaging.

We are also working to increase racial equality and provide meaningful jobs and opportunities.

Positive Value Chain: Climate Our world is already feeling the effects of climate change and faster, bolder action is needed.

Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions will benefit society and it’s also crucial to the viability of our business, as we are experiencing the impacts of climate change directly within our own value chain.

Urgent action is needed to decouple economic growth from carbon emissions.

The increasingly severe impacts of climate change are affecting the quantity and quality of agricultural raw materials for our products, creating weather patterns and events that affect the operation of our facilities and supply chain and limiting the availability and quality of water.

To achieve the level of decarbonization that the world needs to avert the worst impacts of climate change will require action at every level.

At PepsiCo, we’re striving to achieve net zero emissions by 2040, a decade earlier than called for in the Paris Agreement and we’ve set an ambitious interim goal for reducing absolute emissions across our value chain by more than 40% by 2030, including a reduction of 75% in Scope 1 and 2 emissions (2015 baseline).

These goals will not only have meaningful impact in themselves, but will also drive greater scale for systems like renewable energy and regenerative agriculture, which must become standard in our industry.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to more than 40% reduction.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to 75% reduction.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to 40% reduction.

Our climate action strategy is focused on mitigation to reduce GHG emissions and decarbonize our supply chain, and resilience to reduce the vulnerability of our supply chain to climate change related impacts.

Informed by science, we target areas where our investments can have the greatest impact, while creating scalable models and partnerships to accelerate progress across the full value chain.

On our journey to achieve our overarching goal of net zero emissions by 2040, we’re working to reduce absolute GHG emissions by more than 40% across our entire value chain by 2030.

Our emissions target aligns to the Business Ambition for 1.5 C pledge and has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.

To reach these ambitious goals, we’re transforming how we operate across our entire value chain.

We’re planning to transition to 100% renewable electricity through a diversified portfolio of options across all our company owned and controlled operations globally by 2030 and across our entire franchise operations by 2040.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

We are investing in zero and near zero emission delivery vehicles for our company owned fleets and partnering with others to support decarbonization of the broader transport industry.

We are improving energy use efficiency and working to scale renewable fuel solutions at our manufacturing facilities.

PepsiCo is proud to be among the companies that are putting substantial investment behind climate action.

We issued a Green Bond in 2019, one of the first food and beverage corporations to do so, and as of the end of 2020, 858 million of the net proceeds had been allocated to investments that can make a lasting impact on our sustainability goals in packaging, decarbonization and water.

We’re working to scale regenerative agriculture practices that reduce emissions and sequester CO2 across the equivalent of our 7 million acre global agricultural footprint, through efforts like our demonstration farm program.

We’re investing in research and development of bio based materials, increasing recycled content in our packaging (targeting 50% across our plastic packaging by 2030) and working with peers, policymakers and innovators to develop recycling infrastructure, while advocating for smart policies and engaging consumers in our vision that packaging never becomes waste.

These global challenges will require partnership and collaboration among many companies and organizations, as well as international cooperation.

We are actively engaged in and seeking out partnerships that help us further our goals.

Positive Value Chain: Climate2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary Positive Value Chain: Water As a beverages and convenient foods company, PepsiCo is acutely aware of the critical role water plays in the food system, and it is our vision that wherever in the world PepsiCo operates, water resources will be in a better state because of our presence.

We were one of the first companies to acknowledge access to clean, safe water as a fundamental human right and essential for health, well being, dignity and economic mobility.

In this era of COVID 19, safe water access is more important than ever.

The PepsiCo Foundation is already more than halfway to our goal of delivering safe water access to 100 million people by 2030.

Piloting technologies to capture, condense and clean water used in potato chip manufacturing.

Adopting Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard in high water risk manufacturing facilities.

Working with franchise bottlers and third party manufacturers to raise water efficiency standards in supply chain.

Partnering with leading NGOs to deliver nature based solutions to strengthen and repair degraded ecosystems by: Restoring wetlands and forests burned down by fires species that negatively impact local watersheds.

Using solar pumps and other sustainable land management tools to control water levels and prevent runoff.

Help farmers irrigate their of water supply and sanitation facilities crops by collecting, treating and reusing rainwater.

Improve access to hygiene in schools and sanitation in households.

High water risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

Between 2006 2015, water use efficiency improved by 26% in global legacy operations.

Best in class water use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 0.4 liters kg of convenient foods production.

World class water use efficiency for beverages sites is defined as 1.4 liters liter of beverage production.

World class water use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 4.4 liters kg of convenient foods production.

Goal ambition expanded to include third party facilities (100%) and more than 100% for company owned operations by 2030.

As one of the first companies of our size to acknowledge water as a human right, we have a vision to become net water positive.

We have adopted an approach to watershed management that includes improving water use efficiency across our value chain: on farms and in manufacturing facilities replenishing water in the local watersheds that are most at risk and where we operate and increasing safe water access for communities that face scarcity.

Our target to become net water positive in 100% of high water risk company owned and third party manufacturing facilities by 2030 means achieving best in class water use efficiency at company owned facilities in high water risk areas (a more than 50% reduction in absolute water use against a 2015 baseline), and world class efficiency at all other manufacturing facilities.

To meet our efficiency goal, we’re expanding our focus from about 100 manufacturing sites to more than 1,000 sites around the world, including 350 sites in high water risk areas.

Achieving our goal will place us among the most water efficient food or beverage manufacturers in the world.

We are also in the process of adopting the Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard at 100% of our company owned high water risk manufacturing sites by 2025.

We are piloting innovative manufacturing technologies, including a groundbreaking method to recover more than 50% of the water used in potato chip manufacturing by condensing and treating evaporated steam, effectively capturing and reusing the water contained in the potato that would have otherwise been lost as steam.

Our pilot testing showed the approach could save approximately 60 million liters of water a year.

To achieve our goal of replenishing more than 100% of the water that we use back into the local watershed by 2030, we’ve established strong partnerships with leading NGOs such as The Nature Conservancy and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to deliver nature based solutions that strengthen and repair degraded ecosystems.

Last year alone we replenished more than 6.1 billion liters of water through these projects.

We also serve on the corporate advisory group for water for the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN), piloting the draft methodology for setting science based targets for water.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

Positive Value Chain: Water2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary Positive Value Chain: Packaging PepsiCo envisions a world where packaging never becomes waste.

While packaging is an essential component of our business making PepsiCo products convenient, more affordable and easy to distribute we share the concern over the impact of packaging waste.

Our broad based strategy includes reducing the plastic we use, driving recycling and use of recycled materials, and reinventing our packaging to use new renewable materials or drive growth in low or no packaging formats.

A circular economy for packaging can help ensure that the valuable materials that are used in packaging are recycled and reused, rather than becoming waste.

Using renewable or recycled materials also reduces the GHG impact of our packaging, supporting our emissions reduction goals.

We are in the that avoid or minimize process of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

At PepsiCo, we recognize the role we can play in creating a circular economy for packaging.

We’re aspiring to use our reach and influence to help change the way society makes, uses and disposes of packaging.

Yet systemic change is not something we or any single organization can accomplish alone.

We’re in dialogue with policy makers and working with industry coalitions, producer responsibility organizations, trade associations and community based organizations throughout the packaging value chain to improve infrastructure, advocate for sustainable policies and accelerate innovation.

We’ve announced ambitious new goals around our aim to reduce our use of virgin plastic, use more recycled content in our plastic packaging and scale business models like SodaStream that avoid or minimize single use plastic.

These new targets complement our 2025 goal of making 100% of our packaging recyclable, compostable, biodegradable or reusable.

Achieving these ambitious goals requires investment and innovation.

We face challenges from the limitations of existing technology and regulations.

But our commitment to continue to strive toward these goals is unwavering.

That’s why we’re scaling new business models that avoid or minimize single use packaging materials.

These include models that reuse, refill, prepare at home or utilize concentrates like powders or drops.

We’re also seeking to use market leading bio based materials and more recycled content (50% across our plastic packaging) to reduce absolute tonnage of virgin plastic from non renewable sources across our entire portfolio.

To further reduce use of single use plastic packaging, we plan to set a time bound goal by the end of 2022 for a percent of volume of beverages to be delivered via strategies that avoid or minimize single use packaging, such as reusable and refillable bottles or containers.

In 10 European markets, key Pepsi branded1 products are expected to switch to 100% rPET2 bottles by 2022.

Moving to rPET bottles is estimated to reduce GHG emissions by roughly 30% per bottle.

In the U.S., we sell LIFEWTR in 100% rPET bottles and Pepsi Zero Sugar will begin to be sold in 100% rPET bottles by the end of 2022 (we plan to convert all Pepsi branded products in the U.S. to 100% rPET bottles by 2030).

In 2021 and 2022, we launched 100% rPET beverage products in Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam and Argentina.

We are transitioning several brands to 100% rPET across 22 global markets.

In early 2022, PepsiCo Europe set a new ambition to use 100% recycled or renewable plastic in all crisp and chip packets by 2030, which is expected to reduce GHG emissions from film packaging for food by up to 40%.

We are exploring renewable, non fossil fuel based sources for packaging materials, such as plant based materials that are safe, efficient and have a lighter carbon footprint than fossil fuel based plastics.

We prioritize materials that avoid the use of food resources or virgin plastics, like bio based materials, and have partnered with other organizations to develop these materials and scale new technologies.

We are a member of the NaturALL Bottle Alliance and its effort to significantly reduce the carbon footprint of beverage containers, and work with the Pulpex consortium to develop the world’s first fully recyclable paper bottle that we are working to commercialize and scale.

To reduce plastics across primary, secondary and tertiary packaging, we have light weighted our bottles, reduced thickness of our films and cut down on shipping and other packaging materials.

By investing in breakthrough food packaging technology, we are now able to introduce a commercially compostable bag made of plant based materials.

Our Frito Lay plant based brand Off The Eaten Path offers this commercially compostable packaging in the U.S. at Whole Foods stores.

To support our goal of creating a circular food packaging system, we license this technology to other companies at no cost.

We’re also continuing to scale new business models that avoid or minimize single use packaging materials.

We expect the growth of our global SodaStream and SodaStream Professional business will help consumers avoid an estimated 200 billion plastic bottles through 2030.

As part of this effort, SodaStream is bringing PepsiCo flavor options such as Pepsi Zero Sugar, Lipton and bubly and SodaStream Professional to additional markets by the end of 2022.

Partnering to increase and improve recycling infrastructure and.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

Systemic change requires partnership across the packaging supply chain.

PepsiCo is working with peers, policy makers and innovators to drive progress toward a circular economy.

We’re helping to develop infrastructure, advocating for smart policies and engaging consumers so that packaging never becomes waste.

We support well designed Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) policies and are investing resources and expertise into recycling infrastructure improvements.

Since 2018, PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation have announced more than 100 million to global recycling partnership initiatives to help elevate recycling rates and waste collection.

In late 2021 and early 2022, we announced we will invest 15 million in the Closed Loop Partners’ (CLP) Leadership Fund, a private equity fund focused on strengthening recycling infrastructure and building circular supply chains, and 35 million to help create the Closed Loop Local Recycling Fund, to advance new small scale, modular recycling systems in communities across the U.S. We are also a founding partner of CLP’s Composting Consortium, a founding member of the Closed Loop Infrastructure Fund, and have invested in the CLP Beverage Fund through American Beverage’s Every Bottle Back Initiative.

Positive Value Chain: Packaging2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary Positive Value Chain: People Helping to create a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace and world is the right thing to do.

As a leading global company, we have a unique opportunity to use our scale and influence to help address societal challenges.

We will continue to help address inequalities for historically marginalized people and underserved businesses and communities.

Delivered 245 million nutritious meals to 41 million people through our Food for Good program1.

Launching a tuition assistance program giving U.S. associates access to 100 debt free degrees, certi cates and trades programs.

Increasing breadth and depth of self paced learning content in our learner experience platform.

Initiating platform rollout for frontline learning that is easier to access and navigate.

Empower our associates who volunteer with the resources they need.

Unleash the passion of our employees, especially our frontline.

Provide opportunities to volunteer and micro volunteer.

Enable employees to connect with their colleagues and communities.

Provide a simple way to sign up, track and show impact through a.

Provide clear communications to all employees and nd ways.

PepsiCo has a history of investing in programs and initiatives to help our associates grow and develop.

Today we are building on that history with new programs aimed at making PepsiCo an even better place to work and empowering our associates to make a greater impact on their communities.

At the same time, we are ensuring that our associates have the skills that our business needs to succeed in the future.

We have launched digital learning and development platforms on a global basis as part of our plan to digitize the employee experience and make it easier for associates to connect and collaborate regardless of location.

This digitization is made possible by providing employees with new technology solutions such as occupancy sensors, a workspace reservation app, smartboards and integrated meeting technology.

We are developing new training, upskilling and advancement programs aimed at providing meaningful growth opportunities to associates at every career stage.

For example, myeducation is a new debt free program that will help more than 100,000 frontline and professional U.S. based associates develop their capabilities and take their career in a new direction.

PepsiCo will cover 100% of tuition costs, books and fees for a wide variety of education programs within the debt free catalog.

Frontline associates are the core of our workforce, and we want to make sure they can build meaningful careers.

We’re creating greater transparency around frontline job opportunities, reevaluating degree requirements for roles and eliminating these where possible, implementing skills based hiring and developing pathways to salaried positions.

Yet a meaningful job is more than day to day responsibilities.

Our One Smile at a Time program is a local volunteer initiative to encourage, support and empower associates with the resources and time needed to cultivate prosperity in their community.

One Smile at a Time is accessible in more than 21 languages and provides a framework, resources and infrastructure for associates to access and register for volunteering opportunities through the PepsiCo Foundation, our Employee Resource Groups, Green Teams and our individual brands.

In 2020, we launched our Racial Equality Journey (REJ), a more than 570 million set of commitments with a focus on three pillars: People, Business and Communities.

Within our own walls, we focused on increasing the representation of Black and Hispanic associates at PepsiCo, to mirror the workforce availability of the communities where we work, through active recruitment, education, internships and apprenticeships.

Outside our walls, we’re using our scale and influence across suppliers and strategic partners to increase Black and Hispanic representation and elevate diverse voices.

In our communities, we’re working to drive long term change by addressing systemic barriers to economic opportunity and advancing economic empowerment for Black and Hispanic Americans.

Increasing our engagement and programs at colleges and universities.

Tailoring our tools and resources, while continuing to deepen our.

Developed skill building programs to elevate business impact, while.

We’ve expanded our supplier base and are on track to increase our spending with Black and Hispanic suppliers by more than 500 million by 2025.

We launched the 50 million Juntos Crecemos platform to strengthen Hispanic owned businesses (specifically restaurants, bodegas and meat markets), address foundational business challenges and support business growth over five years.

The PepsiCo Foundation created the IMPACTO Hispanic Business Accelerator to provide 10 million in funding to help 500 Hispanic small food and beverage business owners in 13 cities across the U.S., and launched a 10 million investment with the National Urban League (NUL) to launch the Black Restaurant Accelerator Program.

Over the course of the five year program, the PepsiCo Foundation and NUL will provide 500 Black restaurant owners in 12 cities with capital, technical assistance and mentorship services.

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation created a new 40 million scholarship and professional mentoring program to support Black and Hispanic aspiring and graduating community college students.

The program aims to support 4,000 students over five years.

Continuing to engage directly with our franchise and joint venture partners on our pep priority areas, including human rights.

Completing expansion of our Sustainable Sourcing Program to franchise and joint venture partners in Europe and Latin America.

We have a longstanding review process designed to promote pay equity across employee groups.

We’re building on that history as we strive to achieve our goal of pay equity by implementing a more comprehensive global pay equity review process.

In 2021, we implemented this process in 72 countries that collectively make up more than 99% of our salaried employee population.

Our results show that among this population, women and men are paid within 1% of each other (based on base compensation), after controlling for legitimate drivers of pay such as job level, geographic location and performance ratings.

We are committed to driving fair and safe working conditions throughout our value chain, and we have established a goal that will extend the principles of our Supplier Code of Conduct to all our franchisee and joint ventures by 2025.

As part of this process, we have updated the contractual requirements for new partners to help clarify our expectations going forward and have initiated a formal program to engage our franchisees and joint ventures on our human rights agenda.

We believe that ensuring that women have equal access to employment and promotion is necessary for a prosperous and sustainable society.

As part of our commitment to making actionable improvements for women, we are focused on retaining and growing diverse talent through mentoring, coaching and development programs throughout career stages.

These efforts include our Women with Purpose program, a partnership with FUNDES Latin America that provides education, employment and entrepreneurship opportunities to more than 12,000 women from 2016 2022.

We are investing approximately 1.8 million in this program.

Revising our Global Human Rights Policy to strengthen our expectations and re ect emerging best practices in several areas, including our salient human rights issues.

Piloting a new remote worker voice initiative with over 500 workers to gain insight into potential risks in our direct operations, and planning to further scale this initiative within other operations in 2022.

Continuing to expand our Sustainable Sourcing Program to additional segments of our external value chain (e.g., contract labor providers) and evaluating additional areas for expansion in 2022 (e.g., transportation and logistics).

We anticipate concluding this review and providing a more detailed update in late 2022.

We recognize that success can only be achieved when all our stakeholders including farmers and growers, factory workers and community partners are treated with dignity and respect.

PepsiCo is committed to respecting the rights of all workers and communities throughout our value chain.

To help ensure we are in the best position to prevent, identify and address potential impacts, we established a global human rights approach that is guided by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

As part of this approach, we focus our efforts on our most salient human rights issues those at risk of the most severe negative impacts through our company activities and business relationships.

We identified vulnerable worker groups including migrant workers, women, young workers and temporary contract workers as a salient issue for our value chain and are taking action to address the human rights impacts faced by these groups.

For instance, we recently joined the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment, a collaboration between leading companies and expert organizations to drive positive change in the way migrant workers are recruited.

Through our engagement, we are collaborating with other global brands to embed the Employer Pays Principle and advocate for improved protections for migrant workers throughout the value chain.

While this metric is new to our pep agenda, metric has been previously reported on our Environment, Health and Safety page on ESG Topics A Z.

Goal increased to 100 million by 2030, having achieved more than 50 million in 2020.

This metric was previously reported in our Water section.

We are committed to respecting human rights and driving fair and safe working conditions throughout our value chain, including maintaining high safety standards and targeting an injury free work environment.

Access to clean, safe water is a fundamental human right and essential for health, well being, dignity and economic mobility.

In this era of COVID 19, safe water access is more important than ever.

We’ve established strong partnerships with leading NGOs to drive watershed replenishment efforts, and last year alone we replenished more than 6.1 billion liters of water into local watersheds.

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation are already more than halfway to our goal of delivering safe water access to 100 million people by 2030.

Progress results include programs funded by the PepsiCo Foundation that are intended to provide nutritious meals, utilizing external standards established by the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United States (FAO).

Throughout the world, communities with better nutrition are more likely to flourish.

Children are better educated, economies grow and people live healthier, better lives.

PepsiCo and the PepsiCo Foundation are working to make nutritious food more accessible for underserved communities around the globe with a goal of providing nutritious food to 50 million people by 2030 (against a 2021 baseline), and providing safe water access to 100 million people (against a 2006 baseline).

For over a decade we’ve been partnering with leading organizations to increase access to nutritious food for children and their families around the world through Food for Good, our global commitment to advance food security in communities where we live and work.

These collaborative efforts and investments range from short term food access to long term solutions to hunger.

We partnered with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Baylor University Collaborative on Hunger and Poverty (BCHP) and Food for Good to ship millions of meals directly to the doorsteps of displaced children in rural communities.

Meal boxes delivered by postal workers provided two weeks’ worth of shelf stable, individually packaged nutritious food that met USDA’s summer food requirements.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

We’re inspiring people through our brands to make choices that create more smiles for them and the planet.

At PepsiCo, we’re making it easier for consumers to choose great tasting beverages and convenient foods that are better for themselves and better for the planet.

We can have a positive influence on the diets of people around the world by providing delicious products that deliver important nutrients across food groups, and are trusted to meet high safety and quality standards.

We currently offer food products with whole grains, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables as well as complementary beverage options like water and unsweetened tea, which support hydration without adding calories.

Nutritious offerings are vital to our business, and we’re continuously renovating and expanding our portfolio to provide consumers with great tasting products that provide positive ingredients.

While we’re improving the nutritional profile of many of our products by reducing added sugars, sodium and saturated fat, we are also investing in innovation to deliver important food groups and nutrients to encourage a balanced diet, accelerating a journey we began decades ago.

We’re rethinking packaging serving sizes, developing innovative packaging solutions to reduce our carbon footprint and avoid waste, working to provide simple, clear information on our packaging and exploring ways to empower consumers with transparent environmental labeling on our key products by 2030.

Our most iconic brands are leading the way to drive positive change, leveraging their scale and global popularity to inspire people to make positive choices for our communities and our planet.

Positive Choices: Expanded portfolio offerings We’ve enhanced our portfolio through a combination of reformulation, new product innovations and the acquisition of new brands.

We’re improving the nutritional profile of our convenient food products with more whole grains, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables to deliver fiber, plant based proteins, vitamins and minerals.

We’ve made significant progress on reducing added sugars in our beverages and reducing sodium and saturated fats in our convenient foods portfolio so that people can continue to enjoy our most loved brands as part of a healthy and balanced diet.

Clear and prominent labeling makes it easy to understand the calorie and nutritional content of foods and beverages, empowering consumers to make more informed and positive choices.

We are purposely incorporating more diverse ingredients in both new and existing products that are better for the planet and deliver nutritional bene ts.

We are prioritizing chickpeas, plant based proteins and whole grains, and expanding our position in the nuts and seeds category.

In 2021, PepsiCo and Beyond Meat's Planet Partnership debuted Beyond Meat Jerky, the joint venture’s rst product.

As we strive to offer consumers more Positive Choices for every occasion, we’re expanding our product line to include ingredients that offer greater nutritional benefits or are better for the planet, like chickpeas and other legumes, whole grains, plant based proteins, fruits and vegetables, nuts and seeds.

We also strive to take a consistent approach to nutritional labeling throughout the world, in addition to complying with all relevant labeling laws and regulations in all markets in which our products are sold.

On the front of our packaging (FOP), we are providing simplified nutrition information per portion to make it easier for consumers to quickly grasp nutrition information and make informed purchasing decisions.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

Click on the expanded portfolio related links below.

Positive Choices: Expanded portfolio offerings2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary Positive Choices: Innovative packaging solutions PepsiCo is reinventing how packaging is made and offering consumers more sustainable packaging solutions.

We’re transforming our product portfolio to use materials that prioritize the environment and deliver high quality beverages and convenient foods without the need for single use packaging.

Our efforts focus on reducing the environmental impact of our packaging by developing plastics from non food, plant based sources and exploring biodegradable or compostable options.

We’re also developing new business models and solutions that reduce packaging, such as drink powders and concentrates, and extending the reach of innovative reuse solutions like SodaStream and SodaStream Professional.

PepsiCo is developing ways to reduce our carbon footprint and avoid waste by reinventing our packaging.

Launch of Gatorade sachets in Australia, allowing consumers to use.

Transitioning of brands like Pepsi Zero Sugar, Mtn Dew and Aqua na to.

By year end 2022, we intend to set a new target to expand alternative business models, including reusable and refillable bottles or containers, beverages that utilize concentrates such as fountain drinks, prepare at home beverages (e.g., SodaStream) or beverages sold in powder or drop form.

Expansion of pilots with rollout of Off The Eaten Path commercially compostable packaging in Whole Foods in the United States.

We’re designing our packaging to minimize the use of unsustainable materials, switching to alternative materials that prioritize the environment, and reinventing packaging to reduce the need for single use plastics through reusable or low or no packaging models.

We intend to set a new quantifiable goal to reduce our use of single use packaging for a percent of volume of our beverage portfolio by the end of 2022.

We work with external partners to develop more sustainable packaging solutions.

We’re working to scale biodegradable film resins for next generation convenient foods packaging, and with our supply chain providers to scale compostable, renewable, bio and paper based and reusable packaging solutions.

In partnership with the packaging technology company Pulpex Limited, we are working to develop the world’s first sustainably sourced, fully recyclable paper bottle, made from wood pulp, and our Frito Lay brand launched commercially compostable packaging made primarily from non food, plant based sources for its Off The Eaten Path Veggie Crisps snacks line.

We continue to expand our portfolio of Beyond the Bottle beverages.

SodaStream is bringing PepsiCo flavor options such as Pepsi Zero Sugar, Lipton and bubly and SodaStream Professional to additional markets by end of 2022.

Our SodaStream Professional business is a mobile enabled platform that allows people to customize their water away from home, including at offices, colleges and airports, with reusable bottles.

SodaStream plans to switch all its flavors from virgin plastic to alternative materials including metal and rPET, which is expected to eliminate the need for nearly 200 million virgin plastic bottles by 2025 in addition to the more than 200 billion plastic bottles the brand is expected to help consumers avoid by 2030.

In our convenient foods business, we are investing in breakthrough food packaging technology and business models that offer new ways to deliver our convenient foods, including refill on the go bulk dispensing models.

For example, in 2020, in partnership with UK retailer, Asda, we launched a trial to reduce plastics and explore refillable options in their Sustainability Store.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

Click on the innovative packaging related link below.

Positive Choices: Innovative packaging solutions2021 PepsiCo ESG Summary Positive Choices: Planet people brands We’re using the scale of our iconic, globally recognized brands to inspire people to make positive choices for our communities and planet.

At PepsiCo, we recognize that our brands connect with consumers and can have a positive impact on the choices they make.

More and more people today are purchasing with purpose, expecting that corporations be accountable for the role and impact they have on the planet.

Data shows that more than half of consumers expect brands to have strong purpose and give back to society, and when consumers think a brand has a strong purpose, they are 4.5 times more likely to champion the company and recommend it to friends and family.

Against that backdrop, our powerful brands are taking action imagining and implementing steps toward a better future while aiming to deliver the Positive Choices our consumers want and amplify positive outcomes.

This includes efforts to drive greater recycling, educating people about the planetary impacts of their buying choices and empowering consumers with transparent environmental labeling on our key products.

We are in the process of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

Pepsi educates consumers on the benefits of recycling (through Trash Talk activation with the NFL) and supported Black owned and Hispanic owned restaurants in the U.S. during the pandemic.

Quaker is expanding their Qrece program in Latin America, a program with the PepsiCo Foundation, CARE and Un Kilo de Ayuda, which addresses the basic needs of malnourished children, beginning with a healthy meal and ending with the ingredients for a promising, fulfilling future.

Lay’s supports female farmers in Egypt, Peru and Uganda and celebrates the local origin of our potatoes in our key markets, including the U.S., Mexico, Turkey and Brazil.

In addition, Lay’s RePlay initiative, in partnership with the UEFA Foundation for children and streetfootballworld, reuses empty chip packs to help create sustainable football pitches, uniting communities around the world through the power of football.

Doritos supports the LGBTQ community across Latin America with the ambition of promoting diversity, equality and respect by continuing the Doritos Rainbows initiative.

In the U.S., Doritos promotes Solid Black, an initiative that amplifies bold Black voices of strength and resilience and aims to empower and give young Black people a positive platform to showcase their identity.

At PepsiCo, we are listening to consumers and taking the initiative to be more purposeful wherever we can.

We’re thinking about where ingredients are sourced and by whom, how much water and energy is used to make our products, how we can be more efficient and sustainable with our packaging solutions, and how our brands show up for their communities.

We know we don’t have all the answers on this journey.

Partnership is the key to progress, bringing expertise, complementing our capabilities and increasing trust and credibility.

We’re engaging with key partners with shared ambitions, including the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, The Nature Conservancy, World Wildlife Fund and Sustainable Brands.

We are working to develop industry wide environmental labeling standards that let consumers know that buying a particular product will help build a more sustainable food system from the way the ingredients were grown, to the way it was made, to the way it was designed to be consumed.

We’re proud that our brands are leading the charge to become sustainability leaders, from Pepsi branded products in 11 European markets transitioning to 100% rPET bottles by the end of 2022 (which is expected to eliminate over 70,000 tonnes of conventional virgin plastic per year and reduce GHG emissions per bottle by roughly 30%) to the effort of Frito Lay’s Off The Eaten Path to reduce GHG emissions by offering commercially compostable packaging made with 85% plant based materials.

PepsiCo’s ESG Topics A Z resource provides detail on strategy, data, policy, progress and more on a wide range of subjects.

The information within this PDF is as of June 28, 2022.

As a general matter, recent organizational changes (e.g., acquisitions and divestitures) are reflected in our reporting as soon as data becomes available, at which point, previously reported impacted metrics that are deemed significant are recast to consistently reflect the impact of the organizational changes.

International Ltd. (SodaStream) is included herein.

Targets apply to PepsiCo’s operations as well as our value chain (e.g., franchise bottlers, joint ventures where PepsiCo has operational control, co manufacturers, etc.) unless otherwise noted.

Our Sustainability Reporting Suite includes multiple resources available online that explain our approach to help build a more sustainable food system.

This document reflects progress against our sustainability goals, as they were structured in 2021.

For detail on how we measure performance against these goals, see the Calculation Methodology on ESG Topics A Z.

About our evolving ambitions The introduction of pep (PepsiCo Positive) in 2021 gave PepsiCo the opportunity to re evaluate its sustainability goals.

For some of these, we made the decision based on our latest understanding of needs and opportunities to extend the scope and or level of ambition.

In most of these cases, we are now striving to achieve results by 2030 in line with our broader pep agenda.

We have also introduced 17 new goals that align with our pep vision to operate within planetary boundaries and inspire positive change for the planet and people.

Throughout this ESG Performance Metrics Sheet, we have indicated these new and evolved goals with the symbols indicated in the key below.

Detail on specific goals is provided in the Comments column throughout.

Regenerative acres demonstrate measured improvement in sequestering carbon to reduce GHG emissions AND at least one other of the following: improved soil health, improved watershed health, improved biodiversity or improved livelihoods.

To focus efforts on implementing sustainable practices, we currently intend to collect and publish agricultural water use efficiency data at least every three years.

High water risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

Percentage of volume sustainably sourced and verified by third parties, including volume of certified sustainable palm oil meeting Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) standard and volume of certified sustainable cane sugar meeting Bonsucro or equivalent standard.

The metric was previously reported in our Water section.

PepsiCo’s Sustainable Farming Program (SFP). For supplier sourced crops, sustainable sourcing is achieved through a third party standard that has been benchmarked as equivalent to the SFP or, in limited regions, a continuous improvement program addressing the main environmental and social risks with growing the relevant crop.

Reduce absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain by more than 40% by 2030, including a 75% reduction in emissions from our direct operations.

For more information, visit the Climate Change page on ESG Topics A Z.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to 75% reduction.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to 40% reduction.

Goal ambition increased from 20% to more than 40% reduction.

Between 2006 2015, water use efficiency improved by 26% in global legacy operations.

Best in class water use efficiency for beverages sites is defined as 1.2 liters liter of beverage production.

Best in class water use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 0.4 liters kg of convenient food production.

World class water use efficiency for beverages sites is defined as 1.4 liters liter of beverage production.

World class water use efficiency for convenient foods sites is defined as 4.4 liters kg of convenient food production.

Goal ambition expanded to include third party facilities (100%) and more than 100% for company owned operations by 2030.

High water risk locations defined by WRI’s Aqueduct tool.

Goal expanded in 2021 to 50% for beverages and convenient foods.

We are in the process of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

Goal timeline extended to 2030 and goal expanded to 50% recycled content.

Goal expanded in 2021 to include reusable packaging.

Partnering to increase and improve recycling infrastructure and building solutions for current and future material streams.

Further information on partnerships, including with Closed Loop Partners, the Alliance to End Plastic Waste and Circulate Capital, are detailed on the Packaging page on ESG Topics A Z.

Provide meaningful jobs and growth opportunities for our people and empower them to make a positive impact at work, at home and in their local communities.

Launching a tuition assistance program giving U.S. associates access to.

Increasing breadth and depth of self paced learning content in our learner experience platform.

Initiating platform rollout for frontline learning that is easier to access and navigate.

Empower our associates who volunteer with the resources they need.

Unleash the passion of our employees, especially our frontline associates.

Provide opportunities to volunteer and micro volunteer.

Enable employees to connect with their colleagues and communities.

Provide a simple way to sign up, track and show impact through a digital platform.

Provide clear communications to all employees and find ways to engage pepsico.com our impact sustainability sustainability report pepsico.com our impact esg topics a z.

Continue to make measurable progress against our Racial Equality Journey goals in the U.S.

Increasing our engagement and programs at colleges and universities to cultivate and increase hiring of diverse talent.

Tailoring our tools and resources, while continuing to deepen our engagement with external advocacy organizations to support our diverse workforce, including associates with disabilities, LGBTQ associates, veterans and communities of color.

Developed skill building programs to elevate business impact, while focusing on sponsorship and mentorship of our diverse talent.

Continuing to engage directly with our franchise and joint venture partners on our pep priority areas, including human rights.

Completing expansion of our Sustainable Sourcing Program to franchise and joint venture partners in Europe and Latin America.

See additional information within our Human Rights and Sustainable Sourcing pages on ESG Topics A Z.

In 2022, we will report similar program efforts to economically empower women in agriculture.

Revising our Global Human Rights Policy to strengthen our expectations and reflect emerging best practices in several areas, including our salient human rights issues.

Piloting a new remote worker voice initiative with over 500 workers to gain insight into potential risks in our direct operations, and planning to further scale this initiative within other operations in 2022.

Continuing to expand our Sustainable Sourcing Program to additional segments of our external value chain (e.g., contract labor providers) and evaluating additional areas for expansion in 2022 (e.g., transportation and logistics).

In late 2021, we initiated a strategic review of our salient human rights issues to ensure we are focusing on the rights at risk of the most severe impacts throughout our value chain.

We anticipate concluding this review and providing a more detailed update in late 2022.

See additional information within our Human Rights and Sustainable Sourcing pages on ESG Topics A Z.

Progress showcases Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) per million hours worked.

While this metric is new to our pep agenda, metric has been previously reported on our Environment, Health and Safety page on ESG Topics A Z.

Goal increased to 100 million by 2030, having achieved more than 50 million in 2020.

Progress results include programs funded by the PepsiCo Foundation that are intended to provide nutritious meals, utilizing external standards established by the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United States (FAO).

This metric was previously reported in our Water section.

Continue to provide consumers choice for every occasion by expanding our product offerings by 2025.

Our global progress is based on our Top 26 beverage markets, which represent 79% of our global beverages volume as of 2021.

Our global progress is based on our Top 23 convenient foods markets, which represent 86% of our global convenient foods volume as of 2021.

Develop and deploy disruptive sustainable packaging materials and new models for beverages and convenient foods.

Launch of Gatorade sachets in Australia, allowing consumers to use their own reusable water bottles.

Transitioning of brands like Pepsi Zero Sugar, Mtn Dew and Aquafina to.

By year end 2022, we intend to set a new target to expand alternative business models, including reusable and refillable bottles or containers, beverages that utilize concentrates such as fountain drinks, prepare at home beverages (e.g., SodaStream), or beverages sold in powder or drop form.

Expansion of pilots with rollout of Off the Eaten Path commercially compostable packaging in Whole Foods in the United States.

We are in the process of establishing our reporting methodology for this metric.

This PepsiCo, Inc. 2021 ESG Summary contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Forward looking statements are generally identified through the inclusion of words such as aim, anticipate, believe, drive, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, plan, project, strategy, strive, target and will or similar statements or variations of such terms and other similar expressions.

Forward looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties.

For information on certain factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from our expectations, please see PepsiCo’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent annual report on Form 10 K and subsequent reports on Forms 10 Q and 8 K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.

PepsiCo undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.