2022

Sustainability
Report 

Contents 

Contents

Chairman and CEO Message 

Integrating Sustainability 

Sustainable Development  
Governance 

Managing Sustainable  
Development Risks 

Business Ethics 

Supply Chain Sustainability 

Key Stakeholders 

About Our Reporting 

Climate 

Governance Framework 

Strategy 

Risk Management 

Performance Metrics and Targets 

External Collaboration  
and Engagement 

Public Policy Engagement 

Nature 

Governance  

Strategy 

Risk and Impact Management 

External Collaboration  
and Engagement 

Managing Biodiversity-Related  
Risks and Impacts  

Proactive Conservation 

Managing Water-Related Risks  

Performance Metrics  

1

2

4

5

11

14

15

19

20

22

23

30

56

60

82

85

94

95

95

98

99

100

105

108

112

Social 

Creating Shared Value 

Working with Communities 

Global Giving 

Valuing Human Rights 

Valuing Our People 

A Compelling Culture 

A World-Class Workforce 

Employee Engagement  
and Development  

Compensation, Benefits  
and Well-being 

Safety, Health and Security 

Safety 

Emergency  
Preparedness 

Occupational Health and  
Industrial Hygiene 

Security and Cybersecurity 

Performance by Year 

2022 Performance by Country 

AXPC ESG Metrics Template 

116

117

119

125

128

130

134

142

146

151

154

155

160

161

162

164

170

172

API Template for GHG Reporting 

174

Disclosure, Data Quality  
and Assurance 

Abbreviations 

Recognition 

176

178

180

Chairman and CEO Message

A Message from  
our Chairman and CEO

In 2022, ConocoPhillips entered our second decade as 

of non‑fresh water, municipal waste water and reused or 

an independent exploration and production company 

recycled produced water. On the biodiversity front, over the 

with enhanced efforts to deliver lower greenhouse gas 

past two decades more than 20 million acres have been 

(GHG)‑intensity energy to the world while pursuing 

conserved, restored and improved by conservation partners 

leadership in sustainability performance across a diverse 

through continued collaboration with and support from 

portfolio. Energy supply and security were key themes 

ConocoPhillips. In the Permian Basin, we received the Texas 

globally, and rising energy demand and market volatility 

Parks and Wildlife Department Lone Star Land Steward 

reinforced the importance of reliable and affordable energy. 

Award for our conservation efforts, reflecting our company’s 

Throughout, our sustainable development performance 

longstanding commitment to land preservation.

remains a foundational element of our long‑term 

value proposition.

The Low Carbon Technologies organization continued its 

work to operationalize our net‑zero ambition for Scope 1 

The energy transition will be complex and evolve over 

and 2 emissions and understand the low carbon energy 

decades. Natural gas and oil are projected to remain 

landscape, including emerging opportunities in carbon 

essential parts of the energy supply mix across a broad 

capture and storage and hydrogen. We’re using the same 

range of transition scenarios. An orderly transition is the 

disciplined investment and capital allocation process we use 

best way to manage climate‑related risk, without energy 

shortages, undue price increases or economic shock.

Since the publication of our last Sustainability Report, 

ConocoPhillips has continued to be guided by our 

Triple Mandate to reliably and responsibly deliver oil 

and gas production to meet energy transition demand 

while delivering competitive returns, all while achieving 

our net‑zero operational GHG emissions ambition. We 

strengthened our commitment to our Paris‑aligned climate 

risk framework with an updated target for reducing GHG 

operational emissions intensity and new methane reduction 

efforts. In 2023, we accelerated our GHG operational 

emissions intensity reduction target through 2030 from 

Our sustainable 
development 
performance 
remains a 
foundational 
element of our 
long-term value 
proposition.

throughout our portfolio 

to evaluate these low 

carbon solutions.

Building on 60 years 

of expertise, we’ve 

expanded our global 

LNG business. LNG is 

lower in GHG emissions 

intensity than other 

alternatives, particularly 

coal, and will be a key 

contributor to meeting 

energy transition 

40‑50% to 50‑60%, using a 2016 baseline. 

demand. In 2022, we increased our ownership in Australia 

Our 2022 sustainability reporting highlights water and 

biodiversity management efforts, with recognition of 

nature‑related risks and impacts. Our business units 

continued to focus on minimizing fresh water use with 

research to develop and pilot technologies and processes 

Pacific LNG, signed agreements with QatarEnergy to 

participate in the North Field East and the North Field South 

LNG projects and to jointly supply long‑term LNG to Germany. 

In the U.S., we are working with Sempra Infrastructure to 

develop large-scale LNG along the Gulf Coast.

to treat produced water for beneficial reuse. In 2022, fresh 

ConocoPhillips believes regular engagement with key 

water accounted for only 7% of our total water use across 

stakeholders is integral to understanding interests, 

our global operations, with the remaining 93% consisting 

accelerating performance and supporting effective policy. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202222A Message from our Chairman and CEO

Collaborations that demonstrate our commitment include: 

leads to better business outcomes. That is why we’ve put an 

•  Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative.

•  E&P Net‑Zero Principles Roundtable, facilitated by Ceres. 

•  Climate Leadership Council.

• 

Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. 

emphasis on — and are committed to — elevating diversity, 

equity and inclusion (DEI). In 2022, we took the important 

step of hiring a chief diversity officer and, over the course of 

the year, refreshed our DEI strategy.

Looking ahead, we intend to play a significant role in 

Collaboration also plays a key role in addressing the social 

supporting a reliable and affordable energy future. As a 

and community aspects related to our operations and 

best‑in‑class E&P company, our actions strive to balance 

projects. We seek early and frequent engagement with our 

the interests of our many stakeholders. We are committed 

stakeholders. For example, on Alaska’s North Slope, our 

to meaningful dialogue as we work to continuously improve 

ongoing work to understand local perspectives and address 

our environmental and social performance. This allows 

community concerns has been crucial for our Willow project 

us to understand stakeholder priorities and concerns, so 

and will continue to be a cornerstone of our operations. 

that we can respond effectively to risks and opportunities 

Meeting the world’s evolving energy needs requires 

attracting and retaining a world‑class workforce and 

cultivating an inclusive environment where different 

backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives are 

throughout the energy transition.

recognized, valued and respected. Having the best and 

Ryan M. Lance 

brightest people that bring a passion and excitement for 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

solving complex problems is a competitive advantage that 

July 2023

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202233Integrating Sustainability

At ConocoPhillips, we are focused on sustainably meeting energy demand, while 
creating lasting value for employees, communities and shareholders. We intend to play 
a valued role in the energy transition by achieving the three objectives of our Triple 
Mandate – meeting transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of 
capital, and achieving our net‑zero operational emissions ambition. Sustainability is core 
to ConocoPhillips and is integral to our foundational principles.

We have been on a journey to integrate sustainability into 

SD and climate change positions in 2003. Since then, we 

planning and decision making for decades. Before our 

have updated those positions and developed positions on 

first sustainable development (SD) report was published 

water, biodiversity, human rights and diversity, equity and 

in 2005, we had implemented a process to identify and 

inclusion (DEI). We also continue to refine our governance 

manage environmental and social issues and to assess 

structure to manage sustainability risks and opportunities 

performance. That process has evolved over the years as 

throughout the organization. By design, our systems‑

the risk and opportunity trends in science, demographics, 

based approach includes continuous improvement and 

technology and policy have changed. We published our first 

internal assurance.

Workers at a Zia Hills drill site 
in the Permian Basin. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20224Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20224Sustainable 
Development  
Governance

ConocoPhillips uses a strategic planning process and risk 

GOVERNANCE  FRAMEWORK

management tools to integrate evolving sustainability risks 

and trends into the company’s framework for decision 

making. Environmental and social performance are key 

components of our Long‑Range Planning process. Our 

comprehensive governance framework is designed to 

evaluate risks through a sustainability lens and manage 

related risks and opportunities, incorporating input from 

the Board of Directors Public Policy and Sustainability 

Committee, the Executive Leadership Team, senior 

management and internal subject matter experts. The 

overarching corporate governance element is addressed in 

the Investors section of our website. 

Board of Directors 
Oversight

The ConocoPhillips Board of Directors oversees our 

SD positions and related strategic planning and risk 

management programs. The board delegates certain 

elements of its oversight functions to one or more of its five 

standing committees: Directors’ Affairs, Public Policy and 

Sustainability, Audit and Finance, Human Resources and 

Compensation, and Executive. Each committee, other than 

the Executive Committee, convenes at least quarterly. 

The Committee on Directors’ Affairs regularly evaluates 

the size and composition of the board. They continually 

assess whether the composition appropriately relates 

to ConocoPhillips’ strategic needs, which change as 

the business environment evolves. The company seeks 

director candidates who possess the highest personal 

and professional ethics, integrity and values and who are 

committed to representing the long‑term interests of all 

ConocoPhillips stakeholders. This committee also considers 

background and diversity (including gender, ethnicity, race, 

national origin and geographic background). Additionally, 

they seek to ensure that the board reflects a range of 

talents, ages, skills, personal attributes and expertise.

Read more about our directors on our website. 

Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain 
is an important feature of our governance structure.

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

• Public Policy 

and Sustainability 
Committee

EXECUTIVE
LEADERSHIP
TEAM

• Sustainability and

Public Policy
Executive Council

SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
LEADERSHIP
TEAM

• Business Unit
Presidents

• Function Heads

• Sustainable

Development Team

• Business Unit 
Leadership

OPERATIONS

• Subject Matter Experts

• HSE Leadership

• Global SD Issues 
Working Groups

Note: Each layer represents a governance level and 
the corresponding membership entity/support.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20225Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20225DIRECTOR  SKILLS  MATRIX

Key Skills

g
n
i
t
r
o
p
e
R

y
r
t
s
u
d
n

I

l
a
b
o
l
G

/
y
r
o
t
a
l
u
g
e
R

t
n
e
m
n
r
e
v
o
G

y
g
o
l
o
n
h
c
e
T

y
n
a
p
m
o
C
c
i
l
b
u
P

i

e
c
v
r
e
S
d
r
a
o
B

/
l
a
t
n
e
m
n
o
r
i

v
n
E

y
t
i
l
i
b
a
n
a
t
s
u
S

i

l
a
t
i
p
a
C
n
a
m
u
H

t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

i

l
a
c
n
a
n
F

i

i

r
o
n
e
S
r
o
O
E
C

r
e
c
ﬁ
f
O

DIR. 
SINCE

*
AGE

IND.

Dennis V. Arriola
Former Chief Executive
Officer, Avangrid, Inc. 

2022

62

Jody Freeman
Archibald Cox Professor of
Law, Harvard Law School 

2012

59

Gay Huey Evans CBE
Chairman, London
Metal Exchange 

Jeffrey A. Joerres
Former Executive Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer,
ManpowerGroup Inc. 

2013

68

2018

63

Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, ConocoPhillips 

2012

60

Timothy A. Leach
Advisor to the Chief Executive 
Officer, ConocoPhillips

2021

63

William H. McRaven
Retired U.S. Navy Four-Star
Admiral (SEAL)

2018

67

Sharmila Mulligan
Former Chief Strategy 
Officer, Alteryx

2017

57

Eric D. Mullins
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Lime Rock Resources

2020

60

Arjun N. Murti
Partner, Veriten LLC

2015

54

Robert A. Niblock
Lead Director
Former Chairman, President, 
and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, 
Lowe’s Companies, Inc.

David T. Seaton
Former Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Fluor Corporation

R.A. Walker
Former Chairman and Chief 
Executive Ofﬁcer, Anadarko 
Petroleum Corporation

2010

60

2020

61

2020

66

* As of April 3, 2023

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20226Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20226 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) 

Other board committees also address sustainability issues. 

is responsible for identifying, evaluating and monitoring 

SD and climate‑related trends and risks that could affect 

business activities and performance. The PPSC makes 

recommendations to the board and monitors compliance 

with the company’s policies, programs and practices 

regarding: 

•  The Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) oversees 

enterprise risk management (ERM) and cybersecurity. 

The AFC facilitates appropriate coordination among the 

board committees to ensure that our risk management 

processes are in place with necessary steps taken to 

foster a culture of prudent decision making throughout 

•  Health, safety and security (excluding cybersecurity).

the company. The AFC receives regular updates on 

•  Environmental protection. 

•  Climate change. 

•  Nature, including water and biodiversity. 

•  Human rights and social issues. 

•  Business operations in sensitive countries. 

•  Government relations. 

•  Political/regulatory risk management and political 

contributions. 

•  Corporate philanthropy and corporate reputation. 

SD is a standing agenda item at PPSC meetings to 

discuss the SD risk management process, including the 

implementation of our net‑zero ambition and Paris‑aligned 

emissions reduction targets, and the use of reporting and 

disclosure frameworks. The Vice President, Sustainable 

Development, facilitates the discussion of this agenda item 

for the PPSC. In 2022, items discussed included: 

how enterprise risk is being addressed, mitigated 

and managed across the company, including SD 

considerations that influence capital markets, public 

perception, HSE, operations and drilling, production 

facilities and political risks within the ERM system. 

•  The Human Resources and Compensation Committee 

oversees executive compensation and the performance‑

based components of the company’s incentive programs, 

including ESG metrics, targets and performance, as 

well as human capital management and diversity, equity 

and inclusion. Annual incentive programs promote 

achievement of strategic milestones and objectives 

that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining 

excellence in environmental and social performance. 

Executive 
Leadership Team

•  Plan for the Net‑Zero Energy Transition.

The Executive Leadership Team (ELT) has final responsibility 

•  E&P Net‑zero Principles from Ceres‑led roundtable.

for developing corporate strategy, implementing 

•  Methane initiatives and commitments.

•  SD reporting approach and reporting landscape.

•  Climate Risk Strategy update — recent trends, strategic 

engagement options and targets.

•  ESG assurance evolution.

•  ESG trends in the financial sector.

•  SD strategic priorities and annual review.

sustainability efforts and reporting company performance. 

The Executive Vice President (EVP), Strategy, Sustainability 

and Technology, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, 

has overall accountability for corporate planning and 

development, including corporate strategy and Long‑Range 

Planning. The EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology, 

also has ultimate responsibility for climate risk management 

and the implementation of our net‑zero ambition. In addition, 

the Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council 

Issues considered by the PPSC are reported to the full board 

(SPEC), a subcommittee of the ELT, has global oversight of 

as appropriate. 

existing and emerging SD and public policy risks and trends 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20227Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20227including SD and climate‑related governance, strategic 

planning, risk management and public reporting. The SPEC 

consists of the following executives: 

•  EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology 

•  EVP, Lower 48 

•  EVP and Chief Financial Officer

•  SVP, Global Operations 

•  SVP, Legal and General Counsel 

•  SVP, Government Affairs

•  Advisor to the CEO 

Members of SPEC were briefed five times in 2022 on priority 

topics such as climate change, biodiversity, water, human 

rights and stakeholder engagement. The council’s scope 

includes: 

•  Reviewing risk trends and setting priorities. 

•  Reviewing and approving public policy and sustainability 

policies, positions, strategies, goals and actions on priority 

matters. 

Linking Compensation to 
Sustainability Performance 

Executive and employee compensation includes the annual 

Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP). This annual cash 

bonus is based upon company and individual performance 

on metrics that include health, safety and environmental 

(HSE) performance as well as the achievement of milestones 

aligned with strategic SD priorities including managing 

climate‑related risk. 

We engage with our stockholders regularly on SD 

priorities, and this feedback is reviewed with the Human 

Resources and Compensation Committee of the board when 

considering executive compensation programs. 

In 2022, our compensation program reflected demonstrated 

progress toward a Paris‑aligned climate risk framework, 

including new methane and flaring targets, executing 98 

operational emissions reduction projects and advancing 

business development opportunities for low‑carbon 

investments. We achieved top quartile performance on 

•  Prioritizing resource allocation to external engagement 

credible ESG ratings, including MSCI, ISS ESG, Bloomberg 

and initiatives. 

ESG and DJSI rating frameworks relative to peers. 

•  Recommending which issues warrant additional 

executive leadership, full ELT review or additional board 

engagement. 

•  Reviewing and endorsing agenda and meeting content for 

the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of 

the board. 

The SPEC is also the governance link to the PPSC, whose 

oversight covers SD matters including climate and nature 

related risks. 

ConocoPhillips remained best in class among our peers 

for personnel safety performance in 2022, as employees 

collaborated to integrate acquired assets into business HSE 

systems and processes and completed multiple turnarounds 

without serious incidents.

Another factor in our compensation program was 

progressing the 2022 elements of our DEI priorities and 

tactics, including hiring a Chief Diversity Officer. We 

established a dedicated DEI organization, engaging a 

third‑party company to obtain insights on the diversity of 

external talent pools, and published our 2021 Human Capital 

Management Report, while expanding DEI metrics on our 

internal dashboards. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20228Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20228Organizational 
Management

Sustainable Development 
Leadership Team 

The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is 

comprised of global business unit presidents and functional 

department heads and is supported by the SD team. Chaired 

by the Vice President, Sustainable Development, the SDLT 

provides consultation for SD focus areas, goals, priorities, 

action plans and results. Strategic planning, goal setting, 

implementation, performance and reporting for climate‑

related risk are reviewed by the SDLT. 

Sustainable Development Team 

Within the Strategy, Sustainability and Technology 

organization, the SD team supports the business in 

developing and tracking metrics for annual reporting and 

forecasting for the Long‑Range Plan. Team members are 

responsible for key topics, including: 

•  Climate Change 

The SD team works closely with the Environmental 

Assurance group within HSE to ensure environmental 

risks are identified and monitored by our business units 

and metrics are tracked and publicly reported. The groups 

collaborate to develop and integrate requisite environmental 

risk tools, processes, standards, practices, guidelines 

and procedures into the company’s HSE Management 

System. Read more about our HSE Management System on 

our website. 

The SD team also routinely collaborates with the Low Carbon 

Technologies organization on emissions reduction projects, 

the pathway for achieving net‑zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 

pilots for newly emerging competitive opportunities, and 

implementation of the Climate Risk Strategy. 

SD team members lead issues working groups (IWGs) 

for climate change, water, stakeholder engagement and 

biodiversity across the company. Leveraging global cross‑

functional expertise from business unit subject matter 

experts, these quarterly meetings provide a forum to discuss 

risks, risk mitigation challenges and best practices, and to 

align on consistent practices. 

•  Nature, including Water and Biodiversity 

Global Operations 

•  Stakeholder Engagement and Social Responsibility 

Each ConocoPhillips business unit is responsible for 

•  Risk Management 

•  Supply Chain Sustainability 

integrating sustainability into day‑to‑day operations, project 

development and decision‑making. They assess risks, and 

develop action plans to mitigate those risks, with IWG 

Working with the Strategy, Planning and Portfolio 

participation as a resource and support. Progress is reported 

Management group, the SD team is also responsible for 

to management and results are shared with the ELT to 

informing the ELT and board of risks to, and opportunities 

ensure accountability. HSE leadership is responsible for 

for, our business and integration of sustainability‑related 

environmental management at the business level. Subject 

risks into strategic decisions. The SD team reports to the 

matter experts in climate change, biodiversity, water and 

Executive Vice President, Strategy, Sustainability and 

stakeholder engagement from the business units are 

Technology, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer. 

members of the IWGs. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20229Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20229Policies and  
Positions

In 2022, our company’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 

was updated and approved by the Audit and Finance 

Committee. Supplier Expectations were also updated and 

approved by the Chief Procurement Officer and Managing 

Director, Sustainable Development.

POLICIES  AND   
POSITIONS

Policies

Training

The SD team and Environmental Assurance group hosted the 

Global Environmental and Sustainable Development Leaders 

Workshop in June 2022. The event included more than 50 

participants from environmental, stakeholder engagement, 

SD, government affairs, low carbon, finance and other 

functions. Objectives were convening leading subject matter 

experts from throughout the company to share knowledge 

across functions, advancing the SD strategy, and further 

developing the function. Concurrently, a global virtual event 

was held to increase awareness and understanding of key 

ESG issues. Over 530 people participated, with the Vice 

President, Sustainable Development, and Vice President, 

Low Carbon Technologies, discussing risks, trends and the 

drivers most impactful to ConocoPhillips, as well as our 

organizational response.

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct

As a part of our efforts to advance employee awareness 

Health, Safety and Environment 

of sustainability topics, we executed communications 

Political Support Policies and Procedures

Principles of Environmental Justice

Supply Chain

Political Contributions

Substance Abuse 

Supplier Expectations

Sustainable Development

Global Tax

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) 

Positions

Climate Change

Global Water Sustainability

Human Rights

Biodiversity

Diversity and Inclusion

activities including executive videos, interviews, internal 

web broadcasts and social media that reinforce company 

positions, goals, actions and reporting. Stakeholder 

engagement and human rights training is available for all 

employees and key contractors. We have also adapted and 

applied training materials developed by Ipieca, the global 

oil and gas industry association focused on environmental 

and social performance, and other best practice groups and 

made them available to all global employees. 

We also launched the SD career development team, 

identifying key SD roles, core and cross‑functional activities 

and options for developing career paths leading to key 

SD positions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202210Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202210Managing Sustainable  
Development Risks

Our governance structure provides board and management 

oversight of our risk processes and mitigation plans. Our 

management system approach to identifying, assessing and 

managing sustainable development (SD) risks aligns with 

how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent 

global identification and assessment of risks. This system 

links directly to the enterprise risk management (ERM) 

process, which includes an annual risk review by executive 

leadership and the board. These elements help us manage 

and mitigate risk, as well as track our SD performance.

Assessing and Managing Risks

Our Risk Management Standard mandates a process for 

operated assets and projects to assess and manage risks 

unit (BU) and project. Local concerns may influence the 

potential importance of these environmental and social 

matters, including cumulative effects. Each risk is then 

assessed using a matrix that evaluates both its likelihood 

and consequence. In evaluating the consequence severity, 

we consider potential impacts on employee and public 

safety, sociocultural and economic impacts to stakeholders, 

environmental impacts, and reputational and financial 

implications. Risks identified as significant or high at the 

corporate or BU level are included in the corporate SD Risk 

Register. The company reviews risks annually and updates 

the SD Risk Register and associated action plans. Regular 

audits are scheduled in each business unit. 

The standard further mandates action plans for mitigating 

risks ranked significant or high and tracking in the corporate 

SD Risk Register. Risks that are no longer ranked significant 

or high due to the effectiveness of mitigation actions, as 

well as risks that are identified as medium are tracked at the 

to ensure corporate oversight, assurance and consistent 

corporate and business unit level.

implementation. Risks are identified and evaluated 

against the physical, social and political settings of our 

operations by subject matter experts in each business 

Read more about our management process for climate, 

nature, and social risks on our website.

MANAGEMENT  SYSTEM  APPROACH  TO  SUSTAINABLE  DEVELOPMENT  RISK

Adjust, Innovate and
Continuously Improve

MEASURE AND MONITOR

Track and assess 
actions.

IDENTIFY AND MAP

Develop risk register which ranks 
corporate-wide and local risks.

ENGAGE

Communicate risks to 
executives and Board of 
Directors; input to Enterprise 
Risk Management.

ADDRESS RISK

Collaborate on strategies 
and action plans to 
manage ranked risks.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202211Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202211Action Plans

The SD Risk Management Standard requires an assessment 

of potential sustainability risks associated with company 

activities. Significant and high risks are documented in 

a corporate register with mitigation actions identified. 

Risks and mitigating actions are assessed at minimum 

annually by the business units and corporate. The SD Risk 

Register and action plans are used to guide goal setting 

and track performance. Read more about Performance and 

Compensation on our website.

Action plans are managed at the BU level. Overarching 

risk management actions, such as greenhouse gas (GHG) 

target setting, prioritization of global emissions abatement 

projects and disclosure and reporting, are managed at the 

corporate level. 

Enterprise Risk Management

Sustainability risks are integrated into the corporate 

enterprise risk management (ERM) system. Risks from 

the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant 

enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational 

and political. Owners of these enterprise risks, who are ELT 

members or senior managers, are briefed on the risks and 

portfolio diversification (both geological and geographical) 

and technology investments are aspects of the corporate 

strategy that also address sustainability risk. For example, 

a low cost of supply mitigates climate transition risk in lower-

energy demand scenarios. Having a geographically diverse 

portfolio helps mitigate the risk of community or stakeholder 

concerns delaying a significant portion of our production. 

Investing in water treatment technology allows us to recycle 

produced water and decrease our reliance on local water 

sources. Investing in local conservation initiatives allows us 

to mitigate some nature risks and impacts. We work with 

company leadership through our governance structure, 

enterprise risk management system and energy transition 

models to ensure our strategy effectively manages SD risks.

Key SD Management Processes

Our integrated management system supports our policies 

and principles and is based on mandatory and auditable 

corporate standards, practices and guidelines aligned with 

how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent 

global identification and assessment of SD risks. This 

includes integration into key business‑planning processes 

for the company, from business development activities 

and exploration to developing major capital projects and 

our mitigation activities. Enterprise risks are then presented 

managing our day‑to‑day operations.

to the Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) of the board. The 

AFC receives regular updates on how enterprise risk is being 

addressed, mitigated and managed across the company.

Long-Range Plan and  
Corporate Strategy

We perform due diligence on acquisitions, divestitures, 

trades, exchanges and farm‑in/farm‑out agreements. 

This process is designed to ensure that past, present 

and potential HSE and SD risks and liabilities are 

clearly identified, understood and documented. This 

due diligence standard applies to ConocoPhillips and its 

Our long‑range and strategic planning activities consider 

global subsidiaries, and we strive to influence all affiliated 

risks and mitigation. Our Long‑Range Plan (LRP) forecasts 

companies and joint ventures to conduct due diligence 

key data for our corporate strategy covering our proposed 

before undertaking binding business transactions.  

portfolio development and performance, production, 

costs and cash flows. We also use the LRP to forecast 

GHG emissions and water management to understand our 

future environmental footprint. Environmental and social 

risk mitigations, such as emissions reduction projects, are 

reflected in the LRP and our annual budget.

While the majority of ConocoPhillips’ oil and natural gas 

reserves and production are within Organization of Economic 

Cooperation and Development (OECD) nations, some of 

the world’s most resource‑rich areas are in countries that 

pose risks associated with political instability, inadequate 

rule of law or corruption. Before entering a new country 

Our corporate strategy defines the company’s direction 

— or for other new developments, when warranted by the 

for exploration and development, including portfolio, 

geopolitical environment — we have adopted comprehensive 

capital allocation and cost structure. Our cost of supply, 

risk management tools to evaluate and manage these types 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202212Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202212of risks. A preliminary due diligence assessment is conducted 

and helps ensure that business activities are conducted in a 

to identify significant risks, including social, environmental 

safe, healthy and environmentally and socially responsible 

and political concerns, and define how they will be managed. 

manner, aimed at preventing incidents, injuries, occupational 

As operated and non‑operated projects are developed and 

put forward for internal approval, consideration is given 

to environmental and social risks and their mitigation. For 

qualifying projects, our management system also requires 

assessment of climate, water, biodiversity and social risk for 

investment approval.

In managing our day‑to‑day operations, the HSE 

illnesses, pollution and damage to assets. We believe 

incidents are preventable and that HSE considerations 

must be embedded into every task and business decision. 

We also provide guidance to address specific activities in 

our operations including waste management. This standard 

ensures all our assets have detailed plans to manage waste 

streams, minimize where possible, and ensure waste is 

directed to facilities that have been evaluated and approved 

management system standard addresses operational risk 

by the company.

CORPORATE  ENVIRONMENTAL  AND  SOCIAL  STANDARDS, 
PRACTICES  AND  GUIDELINES*

SD Risk Management Standard

• 

Identifies social and environmental risks, conducts risk 
ranking and develops mitigation action plans.

•  Applies to corporate, business units (BUs) and their 

operated assets, associated activities including exploration, 
development programs, production, decommissioning/
reclamation and projects, ConocoPhillips and its 
subsidiaries globally, including all affiliated assets and 
joint ventures.

Health, Safety, Environment and Social Issues 
Due Diligence Standard

• 

Identifies risks and liabilities related to health, safety, 
environment, regulatory and social issues for transactions 
requiring due diligence including acquisitions, divestitures, 
trades, exchanges and farm-in/farm-out agreements.

HSE Management System Standard

• 

Identifies and manages operational risks to the business, 
employees, contractors, stakeholders and environment.

Capital Projects Management System Standard

•  Assesses risks, including SD risks during the project 

engineering stage.

•  Applies to all operated capital projects costing more than 

$50 million net.

HSE Waste Management Standard

•  Prepares management plans for waste and produced water, 
evaluates the suitability of industrial disposal facilities and 
contracts only with approved facilities.

Environmental Performance Metrics  
Reporting Practice

•  Outlines the requirements and company expectations 

for reporting the company’s environmental performance 
metrics.

Groundwater Assessment and Monitoring 
Guideline

•  Provides guidance on when and how voluntary baseline 
sampling could be conducted through a risk-based 
approach.

•  Available for use by operated assets and projects 
in areas not already covered by state-regulated 
groundwater baseline assessments.

Global Induced Seismicity Guideline

•  Provides a method to characterize seismicity risks by 
assessing historical seismicity, identifying geological 
faults of concern, assessing existing or proposed 
injection operating conditions and considering proximity 
to people and population centers.

•  Available for use by business units for the planning and 
operation of injection wells for operated assets and for 
screening third-party injection operations.

Zero Routine Flaring Guideline

•  Provides guidance on application of the World Bank Zero 
Routine by 2030 Initiative for ConocoPhillips operations.

*  Unless noted, standards and practices apply to ConocoPhillips and its subsidiaries 

globally, including all affiliated companies and joint ventures.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202213Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202213Business Ethics

Our reputation and integrity depend on each employee, 

officer, director and those working on our behalf assuming 

personal responsibility for our business conduct. Led 

by our Chief Compliance Officer, our Global Compliance 

and Ethics team ensures adherence with applicable laws 

and the highest ethical standards, promotes a positive 

We annually require employees to certify they have read the 

code, made all required disclosures and reported all potential 

concerns. With exceptions for certain types of leave, 100% of 

employees completed this certification in 2022.

Systems and Practices for 
Reporting Ethics Violations  

We encourage employees and contractors to ask questions 

corporate reputation, reduces criminal and civil liability, and 

and seek guidance about compliance and ethics matters, 

sets the tone for an ethical work environment. The team 

and we give them tools to guide ethical decision making. 

includes local ambassadors embedded in business units 

Employees also understand they have a responsibility 

and functions who help support and administer our Global 

to report actual or suspected misconduct. We have 

Compliance and Ethics program.  

Aspects of our compliance and ethics program relevant to 

financial reporting are annually reviewed by the company’s 

external auditor. Global compliance and ethics processes 

are periodically audited by our internal audit function and 

external compliance experts.

Code of Business Ethics  
and Conduct 

several confidential reporting mechanisms. Employees 

may speak to a trusted manager, supervisor, human 

resources representative or Global Compliance and Ethics 

representative. Additionally, there is an anonymous option. 

Any stakeholder, whether employee, contractor, shareholder 

or the general public, may report an actual or suspected 

violation of the code anonymously through our 24-hour 

Ethics Helpline. The helpline is hosted by a third party to 

ensure anonymity and is available worldwide via the web 

or phone in multiple languages. ConocoPhillips prohibits 

Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is the foundation 

retaliation of any kind against employees for raising an 

of our compliance and ethics program, explaining our 

ethical or legal concern.  

responsibilities and providing guidance for behaviors. 

It covers a range of topics including business ethics, 

competition law, anti‑corruption, gifts and entertainment, 

conflicts of interest and political involvement. 

Global Compliance and Ethics receives questions, concerns 

and requests for advice from employees and stakeholders 

across our businesses. In 2022, we responded to these 

submissions and investigated alleged violations of our 

All new employees receive business ethics code training as 

code. Remedial and disciplinary actions were taken 

part of their new hire training curriculum. Current employees 

whenever appropriate to support our commitment to ethics. 

have access to web‑based training on the code at any 

Depending on the scale and type of concern, issues were 

time and are periodically required to repeat this training. 

elevated to provide appropriate management oversight. 

Employees in positions that are most exposed to legal risks, 

Senior management and the Audit and Finance Committee 

such as corruption, take part in web‑based training and other 

of the board were also provided regular updates on our 

targeted training. Employees may also receive training in 

program, so they could ensure that the program promotes 

competition law, anti‑boycott, economic sanctions, export 

ConocoPhillips’ SPIRIT Values, addresses the compliance 

controls, insider trading and political activities. 

and ethics risks in our business, and works effectively.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202214Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202214Supply Chain 
Sustainability

Sustainability is integral to our procurement process. 

than 40 companies and ConocoPhillips representatives 

from across the globe, the agenda was designed to 

communicate our strategic 

sustainability objectives and 

collaborate with suppliers 

Through supplier engagement, supplier recognition and 

to manage and mitigate the 

sustainable procurement, we continue to improve our 

business practices and operations to manage risk while 

increasing total value within the supply chain. We are 

environmental and social 

impacts from activities and 

operations throughout the 

committed to upholding our business ethics by supporting 

supply chain. Through this 

business opportunities and capacity building for local and 

forum, along with ongoing 

diverse suppliers through our supply chain. 

Supplier Engagement 

As we integrate sustainable development into our key 

business activities, suppliers play a significant role. From 

constructing our facilities to managing our work camps, 

engagement, we are seeking 

to discuss how our suppliers 

can help us reduce our 

emissions while working to 

understand the approach they are taking to address their 

own emissions. Topics discussed included our: 

providing well services and supplying equipment, how they 

•  Net‑zero operational GHG emissions ambition and our 

manage their impact on the environment and community 

Triple Mandate.

is important to us and affects our overall sustainability 

performance. 

•  Climate risk strategy and targets.

•  Low Carbon Technologies focus.

We regularly engage our suppliers through business reviews 

•  Scope 3 Supplier Emissions Strategy.

and supplier audits to: 

• 

Identify sustainable development opportunities and risks 

in the supply chains of critical categories. 

•  Standardize Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to ensure 

2022 TOTAL SPEND BY SEGMENT

2% Asia Paciﬁc &
Middle East

alignment with our environmental, social and governance 

6% Corporate

(ESG) objectives. 

•  Track metrics, review performance and identify 

continuous improvement opportunities. 

12% Alaska

54% Lower 48

•  Share best practices for building supplier capacity 

throughout the supply chain. 

8% Canada

An important element of our ongoing engagement with 

key suppliers is our annual Supplier Sustainability Forum. 

In 2022, we hosted a hybrid virtual and in‑person forum to 

accommodate a diverse cross section of our key suppliers. 

With over 150 participants, including suppliers from more 

18% Europe

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202215Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202215The forum also included a panel discussion with 

ConocoPhillips Australia is committed to ensuring that 

ConocoPhillips leaders and industry association 

opportunities created through our business and supply 

representatives from the National Association of 

chain are equitably accessible by Aboriginal and Torres 

Manufacturers and the Energy Workforce & Technology 

Strait Islander Peoples, businesses and organizations. We 

Council. Participants examined meaningful measures to 

hosted a workshop in October 2022 where we aligned 

show alignment in a world aiming for net‑zero, opportunities 

with 13 of our tier one suppliers to support an APLNG 

and challenges on the road to net‑zero, and opportunities for 

Indigenous Participation Working Group. Read more about 

collaboration to benefit nature and communities.

our commitment and the development of our Reflect 

Mitigating supplier risk is critical to support our operations 

through sustainable procurement. Driven by supplier 

stability concerns, we regularly monitor the financial 

health of suppliers. Additionally, supply chain leaders meet 

quarterly to proactively assess risk for over 150 business‑

critical suppliers and review status changes from the 

previous quarter. This process helps deliver on an important 

goal – continuity of global operations through avoidance of 

supply or service interruptions. In 2022, we interacted with 

suppliers regularly to avert bottlenecks, strengthen ties, 

seek out emissions reduction opportunities, and address risk 

mitigations due to global supply chain disruptions and the 

Reconciliation Action Plan on our website.

Supplier Recognition 

The company’s annual Supplier Recognition Awards honor 

suppliers who positively impact our business, including 

a category focused on sustainability‑related activities. In 

2022, we raised the profile for minority, Indigenous and 

local suppliers by adding a diversity indicator to award 

submissions. Final awards ranged from delivery of safe and 

reliable shutdown logistics to support of a winterization/

flare reduction project. 2022 Supplier Recognition Award 

Winners are: 

lingering effects of the COVID‑19 pandemic. During sourcing 

•  Atlas Energy Solutions, Inc.

events, we also conducted comprehensive contract risk 

•  Bay Ltd

classification assessments to quantify inherent risks and 

establish mitigation strategies prior to contract award. This 

process has been used across our Supply Chain organization 

•  Boon Energy Services, Inc.

•  ChampionX Norge AS

globally for over 15 years. Engaging our suppliers to 

•  COSL

identify and manage risks allows us to mutually improve our 

•  Compass Well Services LLC

sustainability performance. 

•  Crossfire LLC

Our Norway business unit established supply chain systems 

•  Halliburton AS

and processes to account for matters related to human 

rights and working conditions, as addressed in the Norway 

Transparency Act and the United Kingdom Modern Slavery 

Act. As an example, we added contractual language 

•  Hevilift (M) Sdn. Bhd.

•  Honeywell Limited

• 

iO Data AS

requiring that suppliers comply with the Transparency Act. 

•  Leo and Sons LP

In addition, we actively participate in an industry association 

•  LV Energy Services LTD

network to ensure consistency in how we approach our 

supplier community regarding the topic as well as having 

such network verify whether/how our suppliers address 

•  Mistras Group INC

•  NeoInsulation, LLC 

sustainability performance internally and with their 

•  TAMS Group Queensland Pty Ltd

supply chain. 

•  Tenaris Global Services USA Corporation

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202216Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202216Sustainable Procurement and 
Business Ethics 

The supply chain function contributes to the company’s 

sustainable development commitments by integrating 

sustainability into our processes and procedures. For 

example, in 2022 we added a global supplier due diligence 

minimum vetting protocol for supplier onboarding, which 

includes supplier capability, ownership, financial health, 

integrity, labor and human rights assessments, where 

appropriate. We engage with suppliers and contractors 

on sustainable development issues through our Quarterly 

Business Reviews, Supplier Relationship Management, 

Supplier Sustainability Forum and supplier audits.

Further integrating engagement on labor and human rights 

into our procurement processes and procedures includes 

recommended questions and contract language for 

supplier prequalifications, bids and audits. The questions 

and contracts directly address these issues and are based 

on our commitment to conduct our business consistent 

with the human rights philosophy expressed in our Code of 

Business Ethics and Conduct and our Supplier Expectations. 

We are committed to the California Transparency in Supply 

Chains Act of 2010, the United Kingdom Modern Slavery 

Act 2015, the Australia Modern Slavery Act 2018 and the 

Norway Transparency Act. 

We endeavor to conduct all contracting and procurement 

activities in an ethical manner in accordance with our 

Supply Chain Standard and applicable laws. We require 

suppliers to comply with certain requirements as a 

condition of business and to be guided by the principles 

and standards set forth in the ConocoPhillips Code of 

Business Ethics and Conduct (COBE) and their own ethics 

and conduct policies. Our Code of Business Ethics and 

Conduct: Expectations of Suppliers was updated in 2022 to 

align with updates to our COBE, specific to prevention of 

money laundering, complying with  

international trade laws, preserving data privacy and 

advancing respect for human rights. Furthermore, the 

document provides additional clarity to our suppliers 

regarding our expectations in these areas: 

Suppliers must comply with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations and 
conduct business with respect and care 
for the environment, including utilizing 
energy and natural resources efficiently 
and managing waste, emissions and 
discharges responsibly.

We conduct our business consistently with 
the human rights philosophy expressed in 
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour Organization 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work, and expect suppliers and 
contractors working on our behalf to be 
guided by these principles.

Contracts require that suppliers be guided 
in their performance for ConocoPhillips 
by the principles and standards set forth 
in the ConocoPhillips Code of Business 
Ethics and Conduct and their own 
ethics and conduct policies.

Our contract templates incorporate requirements for export 

compliance and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

(FCPA) among other requirements. ConocoPhillips prohibits 

any form of money laundering and follows all domestic 

and international laws governing money laundering. 

ConocoPhillips strives to prevent money laundering 

through procurement policies, vetting, due diligence and 

payment processes.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202217Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202217Local Content and Employment 

Supplier Diversity 

We emphasize promoting supplier capacity building in our 

We expect to do business with qualified suppliers that share 

procurement and we expect our suppliers to do the same. 

our values, whether minority, woman, disabled, LGBTQ+ 

We place a high priority on purchasing goods and services 

or veteran‑owned, small business enterprises, or global, 

locally and are committed to giving local contractors and 

local and Indigenous suppliers around the world. In the 

suppliers the opportunity to participate in projects and 

U.S., we do business with diverse companies and continue 

operating requirements, generally through a competitive 

to provide access to business opportunities through our 

bidding process. We seek opportunities to develop local 

Supplier Diversity Program. This approach attracts qualified 

suppliers and promote local hiring as appropriate to meet 

suppliers, stimulates local economic development, and 

business needs. Read more about how we are creating 

creates long‑lasting social and economic benefits in our 

shared value in communities on our website. 

stakeholder communities. In the U.S., our 2022 Supplier 

Diversity Program totaled $621 million spent with Indigenous 

businesses, businesses owned by veterans, minorities, 

women, members of the LGBTQ+ community, service‑

disabled people and historically underutilized businesses 

(HUBs). Through our Supplier Diversity program, we actively 

participate in certifying and developing diverse, small and 

local businesses in the United States. 

In 2022, we elevated our U.S. Supplier Diversity program by 

assembling an advisory council comprised of seven senior 

company leaders who are actively engaged in building and 

enhancing our strategy in this space. 

Additionally in 2022, our Chief Procurement Officer joined 

the Houston Minority Supplier Development Council’s 

(HMSDC) Board of Directors. ConocoPhillips also supported 

the HMSDC, American Petroleum Institute and Blue Wave 

launch of a business training program for minority‑owned 

businesses to better position them to compete in our 

industry. The program was a 6‑month course which included 

health and safety, cybersecurity, quality, corporate policies, 

technical capabilities, finance and sustainability. Twenty 

companies successfully graduated from the program in 

October 2022.

LOCAL EMPLOYMENT
•  Business unit, asset or project plans include 

support for local employment.

•  Social investment initiatives support the 

strengthening of local capacity to respond to 
employment needs.

LOCAL PROCUREMENT
•  Business unit, asset or project plans include 
support for local procurement and provide 
opportunities for local contractors and 
suppliers, and investment in supplier capacity 
building as appropriate.

LOCAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
•  Certain business units support local business 

development initiatives or “incubators.”

•  Where appropriate, social investment 

initiatives support strengthening of local 
business development.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202218Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202218Key Stakeholders

Our stakeholders represent a diversity of communities 

and organizations. The breadth of the perspectives they 

Active stakeholder engagement and dialogue are an integral 

provide gives us a greater understanding of concerns and 

part of our sustainability commitment. This engagement is a 

expectations, as well as opportunities to create lasting value. 

key component of our action plans, and our business units 

We engage with our stakeholders in a range of ways as 

develop fit‑for‑purpose solutions to assess and address 

we work to improve our performance. The table below and 

stakeholder priorities at all stages of operations. 

following paragraphs explain who our stakeholders are, the 

issues that are important to them and how we engage them.

SUPPORTING  INDUSTRY  DIALOGUE

FINANCIAL SECTOR

COMMUNITIES

EMPLOYEES

SUPPLIERS

GOVERNMENTS

s
e
i
t
i
r
o
i
r
P

t
n
e
m
e
g
a
g
n
E

•  Climate change

•  Transition risk

•  Nature

•  Human capital

•  Local employment and 
economic development

•  Compensation and 

benefits

•  Performance 
expectations

•  Indigenous rights

•  Career development

•  Cost efficiencies

•  Clean air, water and 
natural environment

•  Noise, traffic and local 

infrastructure

•  Safety

•  Training and education

•  Emergency response

•  Safety

•  Environmental 
responsibility

•  Company strategy

•  Health and well‑being

•  Ethics and compliance

•  Diversity, equity and 

•  Induced seismicity

inclusion

•  Alignment with 
climate risk, 
safety, innovation 
and sustainable 
development 
expectations

•  Climate change

•  Energy supply

•  Economic 

development and job 
creation

•  Environmental 

protection

•  Regulatory 

enforcement

•  Taxes and royalties

•  Investor presentations 

•  Websites, media and 

and conferences

social media

•  Analyst calls

•  Community investment 

•  Annual shareholder 

programs

•  Performance 
management

•  Training and 
development

meetings

•  SEC filings

•  Financial sector 

outreach

•  Owner relations

•  Internal 

•  Community 

consultations and 
meetings

•  Local business 

and employment 
opportunities

•  Volunteering

communications

•  Employee surveys

•  Safety meetings

•  DEI Council

•  Code of Conduct and 

Ethics Helpline

•  Volunteering

•  Town halls and field 

visits

•  Employee network 

groups

•  Global wellness 

programs

•  Bid process

•  Advocacy

•  Contract negotiations

•  Policy development

•  Project management

•  Industry and 

•  Supplier forums and 

meetings

•  Annual performance 

trade association 
representation

•  Regulatory compliance

reviews

•  Permit reviews

•  Regulatory audits

•  Regional 

developments

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202219Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202219About Our Reporting

To provide stakeholders with timely information, we use 

digital updates to provide performance examples and 

updates as they occur. These updates and our performance 

metrics are integrated into the foundational information on 

our website and consolidated into our sustainability hub. 

Performance metrics are updated annually. 

We also recognize that many stakeholders like to track year‑

by‑year reporting. Consolidated performance information 

and metrics can be found in the annual reports available 

in our company website’s Reports and Resources section. 

Stakeholders can also create customized reports, based on 

topics of interest, using our report builder. 

Issue Identification and 
Prioritization 

We are continuously evolving and refreshing our perspective 

on sustainability reporting by considering the most pressing 

issues affecting our external and internal stakeholders, the 

global community and our industry. 

External stakeholders include mainstream investors, 

ESG‑focused investors, banks, rating agencies and 

ESG‑focused nonprofit organizations, as well as community 

members, leaders, policy makers and regulators in the areas 

where we operate. Through meetings, correspondence and 

a review of publicly available materials, we gather opinions 

and input from key external stakeholders to further identify 

issues and potential impacts. Based upon this collaborative 

approach, we regularly review a list of potentially important 

issues across a range of topics from governance to safety to 

impacts on the environment and society.

This prioritization process is supplemented with analysis of 

the topics being considered by rating agencies and other 

survey questions, as well as recommended reporting for 

the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), 

Task Force on Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 

and the World Economic Forum: Measuring Stakeholder 

Capitalism. We also review the priority issues as publicly 

reported by industry peers to ensure alignment with 

identified industry issues. 

In 2022, we conducted a priority issues assessment to 

help identify and prioritize the reporting topics about our 

business as it relates to ESG. Participants included subject 

matter experts from nearly 20 of our key functions within the 

company who provided further insight and prioritized topics 

based on level of interest or concern to key stakeholders and 

strategic importance to the company. This process helped 

determine the significance of 20 sustainability topics. The 

ESG issues covered in this report reflect discussions with 

subject matter experts from across our company, findings 

from primary and secondary research, the feedback we 

received, and insights we gained through our ongoing 

engagement with stakeholders. 

In this year’s report, we focused our disclosure on topics 

most important to stakeholders, including climate, nature, 

community engagement and human capital management. 

Reporting Frameworks and Scope 

We report our sustainability performance using 

internationally recognized reporting standards and 

frameworks. This includes reporting guidelines, indicators 

and terminology developed by TCFD, SASB, IPIECA, Global 

Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021, API Template 2.0 

for GHG Reporting, and the AXPC ESG Metrics Framework 

Additionally, through our annual risk assessment process, 

and Template. We also consider frameworks that are still 

each business unit identifies potential sustainability risks 

evolving such as Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 

while considering the physical, social and political settings of 

Disclosures (TNFD). We provide regular information to CDP 

our operations. Local concerns may influence the potential 

for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) 

importance of these environmental and social matters, 

and other organizations that assess the ESG performance 

including cumulative effects. Each risk is assessed using a 

of companies. We engage with MSCI, Sustainalytics and ISS 

matrix that evaluates both its likelihood and consequence. 

E&S QualityScore, all of which rate us based on publicly 

In evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential 

available information. We have mapped relevant TCFD, SASB, 

impacts to stakeholders and the company. Annual 

Ipieca, GRI and UN Global Compact Principles disclosures 

discussions with key internal functions, including subject 

for stakeholder convenience, and we continue to assess 

matter experts from issues working groups (IWGs), provide 

alignment with other emerging frameworks. 

further input and prioritization of the topic list. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202220Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202220The 2022 Sustainability Report covers data from January 1 

The minimum boundary for reporting on social and 

to December 31, 2022. Notes to our metrics outline 

environmental priorities is the assets we operate. 

the scope and methodologies of our data reporting. 

Read about our Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance 

on our website. 

2022 PRIORITY ISSUE

ISSUE DESCRIPTION

Governance and Economic Dimension*

Carbon Asset Risk

Identifying the financial risk of stranded reserves and infrastructure.

Low Carbon Technologies

Capability to assess and advance low carbon business opportunities that are consistent 
with shareholder interests. 

Business Ethics

Adhering to applicable laws and the highest ethical standards.

Transparency and Corruption

Promoting transparency to reduce corruption, improve government accountability  
and foster economic stability.

SD Governance Process

Having a comprehensive governance framework, including oversight from the  
Board of Directors, in place to manage SD risks and opportunities.

Environment

Carbon Policy

Considering legislation and regulation related to climate change and a transition  
to a lower carbon economy.

Energy Efficiency

Reducing the amount of energy required to find and produce natural gas and oil.

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Reducing GHGs emitted during natural gas and oil production and developing  
a directional roadmap to meet net‑zero ambition for operational emissions.

Methane

Biodiversity

Produced Water

Water Sourcing

Supply Chain

Social

Stakeholder Engagement

Community Investment

Human Rights

Local Content

Safety and Health

Reducing methane emitted during natural gas and oil production.

Mitigating impacts from activities and operations on threatened or at‑risk species or habitats.

Managing discharge, disposal and/or recycling of produced water for offshore and onshore 
operations including potential impacts to receiving environments and seismicity.

Securing sustainable and economic water sources for exploration, drilling,  
completions or production.

Assessing risks related to environment, including GHGs, biodiversity and water.

Respectfully engaging with local stakeholders and Indigenous Peoples to understand their 
interests, concerns and culture, seeking solutions that create mutually beneficial relationships 
and integrating those into planning and decision‑making.

Investing in communities to support giving categories including education, natural resources, 
health and safety, arts, civic and social services, and disaster relief.

Implementing human rights policies and practices that promote respect for civil, cultural, 
economic, political and social rights, consistent with the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights (UDHR) and United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

Creating economic stimulus in the communities where we operate through job creation 
and socioeconomic development initiatives.

Creating and maintaining a safe and healthy workplace that is free of injuries,  
fatalities and illness.

Supporting our People

Attracting and retaining talent, offering training and development for workers to build 
capability and career opportunities while promoting diversity, equity and inclusion.

Supply Chain

Assessing risks related to due diligence and respect for human rights.

* Other aspects of governance are fully addressed in our Annual Report and Proxy Statement.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202221Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202221Climate

Building a Resilient Strategy 
for the Energy Transition
Managing Climate-Related Risks

In a world aiming for net‑zero emissions, we have a framework that consists of the 
governance, strategic capability, risk management processes and disclosure to 
demonstrate resilience across a range of transition scenarios. Our current Climate Risk 
Strategy and actions for our oil and gas operations are aligned with the aims of the 
Paris Agreement while being responsive to shareholder interests for long‑term value 
and competitive returns.

2022  PERFORMANCE  HIGHLIGHTS

•  Published a progress report on our Plan for the Net‑Zero 

•  Spent approximately $150 million on Scope 1 and 2 

Energy Transition to describe key milestones achieved 

emissions reductions and low‑carbon opportunities.

throughout 2022 as we advance our efforts to manage 

through the energy transition and address the associated 

risks and opportunities.

•  Developed a new net‑zero scenario modeling the 

collective global government and societal actions that 

would be required to align with limiting warming to 

1.5 degrees.

• 

Improved our Paris‑aligned target framework with 

progress against our targets, including:

•  Strengthening our previously announced operational 

GHG emissions intensity reduction target to 50‑60% 

by 2030 on both a gross operated and net equity 

basis from a 2016 baseline.

•  Achieving near‑zero methane emissions intensity by 

2030. This goal was set in response to meeting our 

10% methane emissions intensity reduction target 

four years early, from a 2019 baseline.

•  Joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 

Initiative, a globally recognized initiative for methane 

emissions measurement and reporting.

•  Compared to 2021, reduced our operational GHG 

emissions on both an intensity and absolute basis by 14%.

•  Reduced both our methane intensity and flaring intensity 

(4% and 12% respectively) and decreased total flaring 

volumes by 13% compared to 2021. Routine flaring 

decreased 90% from 2021.

•  Developed an implementation plan for our Scope 3 

Supplier Emissions Strategy to address climate‑related 

risks in our supply chain.

•  Demonstrated active advocacy for an economy‑

wide U.S. carbon price that would directly address 

consumer demand for energy and end‑use (Scope 3) 

emissions. Supported policy advocacy beyond carbon 

pricing to include other end‑use emissions policy and 

•  Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, 

regulatory action.

five years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s 

•  Advanced several energy transition and low‑carbon 

goal of 2030.

technologies efforts, including LNG and potential CCS 

and hydrogen projects.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202222Governance Framework

Our comprehensive climate‑related risk governance framework extends from the Board of Directors through executive and 

senior management to the working levels in each of our business units (BUs).

Board Oversight

The ConocoPhillips Board of Directors oversees our position 

The board delegates certain elements of climate oversight 

on climate change and related strategic planning and risk 

functions to one or more of the five standing committees: 

management policies and procedures, including those 

for managing climate‑related risks and opportunities. 

In particular, the board reviews:

•  Sustainable development risk management processes.

•  Enterprise risk management policy and output.

•  Corporate strategy and Climate Risk Strategy.

•  Energy transition scenarios and planning.

•  GHG emissions intensity target and progress.

•  Low Carbon Technologies plans.

•  Executive

•  Audit and Finance

•  Human Resources and Compensation

•  Directors’ Affairs

•  Public Policy and Sustainability

Each committee, other than the Executive Committee, is 

made up of independent directors and convenes at least 

quarterly. Issues considered by the committees are, as 

appropriate, regularly reported to the full board.

New electric compression 
packages were recently added 
to the Delaware West Central 
Facility 3 in the Permian Basin.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202223ClimateThe Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) oversees enterprise 

Actions from the PPSC are reported to the full board at the 

risk management (ERM). The AFC facilitates appropriate 

next board meeting on a quarterly basis.

coordination among the committees to ensure that our risk 

management processes, including those related to climate 

change, are functioning properly with necessary steps taken 

to foster a culture of prudent decision making throughout 

the company. The AFC receives annual updates on how, 

through the ERM system, we address, mitigate and manage 

enterprise risk, including climate‑related considerations 

that influence market, reputational, operational and 

political risks. 

The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) 

is responsible for identifying, evaluating and monitoring 

climate‑related trends and risks that could affect business 

activities and performance. In 2022, the PPSC met 

five times, received in‑depth briefings and engaged in 

discussions on the following climate‑related topics:

•  Development and implementation of strategies for climate 

risk, the energy transition, supplier emissions, financial 

sector engagement and low‑carbon technologies.

• 

Improvement to target‑setting with addition of near‑

zero methane intensity goal and commitments under 

OGMP 2.0.

Other board committees also address climate‑related 

issues. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee 

reviews executive compensation and performance‑based 

components, including sustainability performance. Annual 

incentive programs promote responsibility for sustainability 

progress throughout all levels of the organization as well 

as achievement of strategic milestones and objectives 

that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining 

excellence in environmental and social performance.

Read more about the skills and qualifications of our 

board members.

Executive Management

The Executive Leadership Team (ELT) manages climate‑

related risks and opportunities and drives the business in 

implementing climate‑related plans, including:

•  Reviewing and approving GHG pricing forecasts for 

inclusion in our Long‑Range Planning and project 

authorization reviews.

•  Supporting climate‑related Variable Compensation 

•  Reporting and disclosure efforts including SD report issue 

Incentive Plan milestones.

prioritization, framework mapping, integrated reporting, 

low‑carbon technology communications and elevated 

assurance process updates.

•  Review of our feedback to the E&P Net‑Zero Principles 

created by the Ceres Investor Network‑led Roundtable.

•  Review of ESG trends in the financial sector and 

climate‑related shareholder resolutions.

•  Review of SD achievements in 2022 and priorities 

for 2023.

•  Reviewing the GHG emissions Long‑Range Plan and 

peer analysis.

•  Approving plans for advancing low‑carbon technologies 

and transition opportunities.

The Executive Vice President (EVP), Strategy, Sustainability 

and Technology, who reports to the chief executive officer, 

has overall accountability for corporate planning and 

development, including corporate strategy and Long‑Range 

Planning. The EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology, 

has ultimate responsibility for climate risk management 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202224Climateand the implementation of our net‑zero ambition. The 

GOVERNANCE  FRAMEWORK

SVP, Government Affairs is responsible for government 

engagement and advocacy on climate‑related public policy. 

In addition, the Sustainability and Public Policy Executive 

Council (SPEC), a subcommittee of the Executive Leadership 

Team, leads global oversight of existing and emerging 

sustainable development and public policy risks including 

climate change.

Members of SPEC met five times during the year for 

detailed briefing and discussion on emerging climate‑related 

issues, strategic priorities and the Climate Risk Strategy. 

Examples of climate‑related issues reviewed by SPEC during 

2022 include:

•  SD report highlights, reporting landscape overview and 

assurance process updates.

•  Our external collaboration with the Ceres Investor 

Network‑led E&P Net‑Zero Principles Roundtable and our 

financial sector engagement strategy.

•  Review of climate‑related shareholder resolutions and 

proposed revisions to ESG milestones within the Variable 

Cash Incentive Program.

•  Net‑zero governance process and review of SD priorities 

for 2023.

Climate‑related risks are communicated and integrated 

into strategy through the SD risk management process 

and ERM system. Climate‑related risks from the corporate 

SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant enterprise risks. 

Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain 
is an important feature of our governance structure.

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

• Public Policy 

and Sustainability 
Committee

EXECUTIVE
LEADERSHIP
TEAM

• Sustainability and

Public Policy
Executive Council

SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
LEADERSHIP
TEAM

• Business Unit
Presidents

• Function Heads

• Sustainable

Development Team

• Business Unit 
Leadership

Owners of these enterprise risks, who are ELT members or 

OPERATIONS

• Subject Matter Experts

senior managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation 

activities. Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit 

and Finance Committee of the board. The climate‑related 

risk category is managed by the SD team; the EVP, Strategy, 

Sustainability and Technology and SVP, Government Affairs 

are jointly accountable for this risk.

Note: Each layer represents a governance level and 
the corresponding membership entity/support.

• HSE Leadership

• Global SD Issues 
Working Groups

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202225ClimateOrganizational 
Management

Sustainable Development 
Leadership Team 

The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is 

net‑zero operational emissions ambition. The individual SD 

and LCT governance processes are each fit‑for‑business 

governance structures established to drive oversight 

and accountability.

Governance of Net-Zero 
Operational Emissions Ambition 

comprised of global business unit presidents and functional 

In 2022, we established a governance structure and decision 

department heads supported by the SD team. Chaired by the 

framework to operationalize and achieve our net‑zero 

vice president, Sustainable Development, the SDLT consults 

operational emissions ambition through business planning, 

on and facilitates alignment on SD strategic priorities, goals, 

collaboration, project execution, technology advancement 

action plans and results throughout the company. 

and innovation that complements our Sustainable 

Sustainable Development Team 

The SD team is responsible for advising the ELT and board 

on long‑term climate‑related risks and opportunities for 

our business and ensuring that these issues are integrated 

appropriately into strategic decisions. The SD team reports 

to the executive vice president, Strategy, Sustainability and 

Technology, who reports to the chief executive officer. The 

vice president, Sustainable Development, leads the standing 

SD agenda item for the PPSC.

The SD team works closely with the Environmental 

Assurance group within the Health, Safety and Environment 

(HSE) function to provide and validate environmental 

metrics for public disclosure and track our performance 

Development governance structure and decision framework. 

The Net‑Zero Executive Council (NZEC) and Net‑Zero 

Leadership Team (NZLT) will provide the direction and 

decision making necessary to properly resource and execute 

actions to achieve our net‑zero ambition. Our executives’ 

engagement and ownership of these efforts will drive 

accountability and action across the company.

NZEC provides oversight and direction on enterprise‑

wide strategies, policies and progress toward achieving 

our net‑zero operational emissions ambition and interim 

emissions reduction targets. With coordinated membership 

and timing, NZEC and SPEC meet regularly to align net‑zero 

objectives with our Climate Risk Strategy and external 

commitments. Responsibilities include:

against those metrics, aiming for completeness, accuracy 

•  Setting strategic priorities relating to emissions 

and consistency. The groups collaborate to ensure that 

reductions efforts, including goal setting, pace of 

the requisite climate risk tools, processes and procedures 

execution and progress.

are developed and integrated into our activities. The SD 

team also works with the Low Carbon Technologies (LCT) 

organization on cross‑functional efforts to achieve our 

•  Approving annual marginal abatement cost curve 

(MACC) budget, informed by the Net‑Zero Operational 

Emissions Roadmap.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202226ClimateNZLT, whose membership includes BU presidents and 

NZEC and NZLT are also supported and advised by the 

leaders within LCT, HSE, Global Technical Functions, SD, IT, 

cross‑functional Net‑Zero Advisory Council (NZAC). NZAC 

Planning and Development, Legal and Public Policy, provides 

are partners for collaboration alongside Low Carbon 

oversight on operationalizing the net‑zero operational 

Technologies to:

emissions ambition in our BUs and provides functional 

support and subject matter expertise. The NZLT addresses 

tactical implementation issues and decisions relating to 

BU‑level target setting, ensuring alignment with corporate 

targets. Responsibilities include:

•  Establish goals aligned with BU emissions reduction 

programs, corporate targets and strategy.

•  Provide input to MACC process for clarity and 

observability to potential pathways to net‑zero by 2050.

•  Work with internal teams to address and articulate 

potential capital and resource requirements for meeting 

our operational net‑zero ambition.

•  Engage with internal stakeholders to ensure emissions 

reduction strategies are embedded into our core 

•  Drive accountability, alignment, focus and action for 

ConocoPhillips culture.

execution.

•  Champion BU strategy and endorse potential BU 

roadmaps. Read more about our Operational Net‑Zero 

Roadmap.

•  Drive alignment and set consistent messaging across 

the organization.

GOVERNANCE ALIGNMENT

•  Ensure we have the right tools and process to plan, 

execute and track our emissions reductions efforts within 

a flexible framework responsive to shifts in regulations 

and technology. 

Sustainable Development
SPEC & SDLT

Net-Zero 
NZEC & NZLT

Setting strategy through external targets

Enabling strategy through BU execution

Climate risk strategy focus

Net-Zero “operationalization” focus

External communication and disclosure

Internal communication and planning

Setting emissions target metrics

Translating targets into BU goals

Corporate strategy integration

BU operational strategy integration

SD function principally accountable

LCT function principally accountable

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202227ClimateOperations

Each ConocoPhillips business unit is responsible for 

identifying and monitoring near‑ and medium‑term climate‑

related risks and opportunities and integrating sustainability 

issues, as appropriate, into day‑to‑day operations, project 

development and decision making. BUs participate in our 

internal HSE auditing program as well as an annual goal‑

setting process that includes the Climate Change Action 

Plan to mitigate risks and a GHG emissions intensity target; 

they report progress to the ELT.

The SD team leads the Climate Change Issues Working 

Group (CCIWG), an internal, global, cross‑functional group 

for knowledge sharing among business units and functions. 

Subject matter experts from the business units are members 

of the CCIWG, which meets quarterly to discuss climate‑

related risk, including:

• 

Internal activities to address climate‑related risks and 

opportunities, including energy efficiency and operational 

emissions reduction projects.

•  Developments in operational emissions reduction 

technology.

•  The outlook for GHG prices that might impact our 

operations.

•  Climate‑related Long‑Range Planning issues.

The objective of the CCIWG is to share key climate‑related 

risk learnings across the company, identify issues and work 

to resolve them as they arise. The CCIWG also provides input 

from subject matter experts on climate‑related processes, 

procedures and issues prior to review by the SDLT.

Climate-Linked 
Compensation

Climate‑related performance is considered in our annual 

short‑term Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP) that 

applies to all employees. In 2022, this performance was 

considered within our Strategic and ESG Milestones where 

we demonstrated progress toward our Paris‑aligned climate 

risk framework by establishing new methane and flaring 

targets, executing more than 90 operational emissions 

reduction projects and advancing business development 

opportunities for low‑carbon investments.

The company is also closely engaged with the Human 

Resources and Compensation Committee to ensure our 

emissions reduction and climate‑related goals continue to 

be reflected in our employee and executive compensation 

programs. To add additional accountability to reducing 

our GHG emissions intensity, the 2023 VCIP will include a 

stand‑alone measure requiring that we achieve an annual 

•  Legislative and regulatory actions and related activities 

GHG emissions intensity aligned with our 2030 target 

and positions of trade associations.

trajectory range.

•  Emerging climate‑related risks.

Read more about how sustainability performance is a 

component of executive compensation.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202228ClimateKey Processes

Climate‑related considerations are integrated into the 

following key business planning processes for the company:

•  Scenario planning.

•  Corporate strategy.

•  Long‑Range Plan.

•  SD risk management process.

•  Enterprise Risk Management.

Our SD risk management process, risk register and Climate 

Change Action Plan are used to identify risks, guide goal 

setting and track performance. Line‑of‑sight goals for 

business units and key functions are shown as specific 

action items within the action plan. Progress against the plan 

is reported through our governance structure to the ELT and 

Board of Directors.

MANAGEMENT  SYSTEM  APPROACH  TO  SUSTAINABLE  DEVELOPMENT  RISK

Adjust, Innovate and
Continuously Improve

MEASURE AND MONITOR

Track and assess 
actions.

IDENTIFY AND MAP

Develop risk register which ranks 
corporate-wide and local risks.

ENGAGE

Communicate risks to 
executives and Board of 
Directors; input to Enterprise 
Risk Management.

ADDRESS RISK

Collaborate on strategies 
and action plans to 
manage ranked risks.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202229ClimateStrategy

Our objective is to manage climate‑related risk, optimize 

opportunities and better equip the company to respond to 

evolving investor sentiment, technologies for emissions 

Plan for the Net-Zero 
Energy Transition

Overview

reduction, alternative energy technologies and uncertainties 

An important component of our Climate Risk Strategy is the 

such as government policies.

The continually evolving energy landscape requires a 

strategy that will remain robust across a range of potential 

future outcomes. Our strategy is comprised of four pillars:

•  Targets: Our framework consists of a hierarchy of 

Plan for the Net-Zero Energy Transition, first published in our 

Proxy Statement in 2022. The plan shows how we intend to 

play a valued role in the energy transition by executing on 

our Triple Mandate: reliably and responsibly meeting energy 

transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns 

on and of capital and achieving our net‑zero operational 

targets — a long-term ambition that sets the direction and 

aim of the strategy, medium‑term performance targets 

emissions ambition.

for operational GHG emissions and methane intensity, 

First, meeting transition pathway energy demand requires 

and near‑term targets for flaring and methane intensity 

a focus on delivering production that will best compete in 

reductions that guide implementation of our strategy. 

any transition scenario. This production will be delivered 

from resources with a competitive cost of supply and low 

GHG intensity, as well as diversity by market and asset type. 

Next, in delivering competitive returns, ConocoPhillips has 

been a leader in shifting the exploration and production 

sector’s value proposition away from one focused on 

TRIPLE MANDATE

•  Technology choices: We continue to enhance our 

emissions reduction programs in our current operations, 

while also evaluating new opportunities and technologies 

that can closely integrate with our global operations, 

markets and competencies.

•  Portfolio choices: We have integrated climate‑related risk 

into our portfolio decision making through consideration 

of carbon pricing and focusing on low cost‑of‑supply, low 

GHG intensity resources.

•  External engagement: Our stakeholders’ points of view 

inform the evolution of our climate‑related frameworks, 

actions and public policy. 

Progress in these four pillars is demonstrated throughout 

the following sections. Across the pillars, our strategy takes 

into consideration transition demand, results from scenario 

planning, near‑, medium‑, and long‑term risks and ways to 

address impacts from those risks. 

ACHIEVE 
NET-ZERO 
OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS 
AMBITION1

¹  Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a net equity and gross operated basis.

MEET TRANSITIONPATHWAY DEMANDDELIVER COMPETITIVE RETURNSConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202230Climateproduction toward one focused on returns. Finally, to drive 

importance of limiting global average temperature increases. 

accountability for the emissions that are within our control, 

ConocoPhillips is applying its strategic capabilities and 

we are progressing toward achieving our net‑zero Scope 1 

resources to meet this challenge in an economically viable, 

and 2 emissions ambition.

In service of these three objectives, our plan describes how 

the company will: 

Maintain strategic flexibility:

•  Build a resilient asset portfolio with a focus on low cost of 

supply and low GHG intensity to meet transition pathway 

energy demand.

•  Commit to capital discipline through use of a fully 

burdened cost of supply, including cost of carbon, as the 

primary basis for capital allocation.

•  Track the energy transition through a comprehensive 

scenario planning process to calibrate and understand 

alternative energy transition pathways and test the 

resilience of our corporate strategy to climate risk. 

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions:

accountable and actionable way that balances the interests 

of our stakeholders. Our goal is to support an orderly 

transition that matches supply to demand and focuses 

on returns on and of capital while safely and responsibly 

delivering affordable energy. 

Our plan does not include a Scope 3 (end‑use) emissions 

target. We recognize that end‑use emissions must be 

reduced to meet global climate objectives. However, it is our 

view that supply‑side constraints through Scope 3 targets 

for North American and European upstream oil and gas 

producers would be counterproductive to climate goals. In 

the absence of policy measures that address global demand 

and with the shape and pace of technology and policy yet 

to be determined, Scope 3 targets would shift production to 

other global operators, potentially eroding energy security 

and affordability.

•  Set targets for emissions over which we have ownership 

The plan was endorsed by the board’s PPSC and was 

and control, with an ambition to become a net‑zero 

designed to help investors and other stakeholders gain an 

company for Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.

understanding of the valued role ConocoPhillips intends to 

Address Scope 3 emissions:

•  Advocate for a well‑designed, economy‑wide price on 

carbon and engage in development of other policy and 

legislation to address end‑use emissions.

•  Work with our suppliers for alignment on GHG emissions 

reductions.

play in an orderly energy transition. 

Since first publishing the plan, we have continued to focus 

on implementing our Climate Risk Strategy and advancing 

the plan’s objectives. Our commitment to these efforts is 

demonstrated by our achievements made to date — many 

of which have been completed ahead of schedule. As we 

achieve our goals, we fine‑tune our strategy and refine our 

Contribute to an orderly energy transition:

commitments in ongoing alignment with the aims of the 

•  Build an attractive LNG portfolio.

Paris Agreement.

•  Evaluate potential investments in emerging energy 

transition and low‑carbon technologies. 

The Energy Transition Challenge
Meeting the central aim of the Paris Agreement to 

Through our ongoing consideration of transition scenarios, 

the strategic planning process and stakeholder engagement, 

we expect the plan to continue evolving as the energy 

transition progresses over time. The following table shows 

our progress on key milestones since the plan’s first 

strengthen the response to climate change is a worldwide 

publication. Updates represent progress through the end of 

imperative for which governments and companies alike 

2022 and include our 2023 plans to continue advancing our 

have adopted net‑zero ambitions. The resulting energy 

strategy to remain resilient under any scenario. Reflecting 

transition will be complex, with many possible pathways 

the recommended TCFD report structure, the following 

and uncertainties—more likely an evolution than a 

components of the plan are linked and detailed elsewhere in 

near‑term step‑change. We acknowledge the urgency and 

this report.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202231Climate2022-2023  PROGRESS  REPORT

s
y
l
a
n
A

I

C
G
E
T
A
R
T
S

Y
T
I
L
I
B
X
E
L
F

I

t
n
e
i
l
i
s
e
R

o
i
l
o
f
t
r
o
P

o
i
r
a
n
e
c
S
d
n
a

I

I

S
N
O
S
S
M
E
2
D
N
A
1
E
P
O
C
S
G
N
C
U
D
E
R

I

I

I

S
N
O
S
S
M
E
)
3
E
P
O
C
S

(
E
S
U
-
D
N
E
G
N
S
S
E
R
D
D
A

I

I

I

N
O
T
S
N
A
R
T
Y
G
R
E
N
E
E
H
T
O
T
G
N
T
U
B
R
T
N
O
C
D
N
A

I

I

e
n
a
h
t
e
M

g
n
i
r
a
l
F

G
H
G

l
l
a
r
e
v
O

s
t
e
s
f
f
O

d
n
a
y
c
a
c
o
v
d
A

y
c
i
l
o
P
c
i
l
b
u
P

i

n
a
h
C
y
l
p
p
u
S

t
n
e
m
e
g
a
g
n
E

G
N
L

S
C
C

n
e
g
o
r
d
y
H

i

s •  Continued focus on low cost of supply and low GHG intensity resources that meet transition pathway energy demand.
•  Developed a new net‑zero scenario modeling the collective global government and societal actions that would be 

required to align with limiting warming to 1.5 degrees.

•  Assets with less than 10 kg CO2e/BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of our portfolio by 2030.

•  Achieved near‑term 10% methane intensity reduction target four years early.

•  Reduced methane intensity by ~70% since 2015.
•  Set new target to achieve near‑zero methane intensity by 2030 (1.5 kg CO2e/BOE or approximately 0.15%  

of natural gas produced).

•  Joined OGMP 2.0 and Veritas initiatives to improve methane measurement and reporting transparency.

•  On schedule to meet the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring goal by 2025.

•  In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% from 2021.

•  Strengthened GHG intensity reduction target to 50‑60% by 2030 from a 2016 baseline for both gross operated  

and net equity emissions.

•  Achieved 41% gross operated and 36% net equity GHG intensity reductions by year‑end 2022 from 2016.

•  Spent approximately $150 million on Scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions and low‑carbon opportunities in 2022.

•  Participated in a Ceres‑led Roundtable to discuss solutions for reaching net‑zero emissions with cross‑sector 

participation from the financial sector and exploration and production (E&P) oil and gas companies.

•  Tasked each global business unit with developing potential options to achieve our operational net‑zero ambition.

•  Expanded third‑party limited assurance to all sustainability disclosures in this Sustainability Report.

•  Began chairing a National Petroleum Council study on GHG emissions reduction across the U.S. natural gas value chain.

•  Began evaluating diversified investments in offset projects and funds, such as Climate Asset Management’s  

Nature‑Based Carbon fund which has supported the Restore Africa Programme. Supporting offset projects in Mexico 
aimed at improved forest management for future offset issuance.

•  Expanded policy advocacy beyond carbon pricing to include end‑use emissions policy and regulatory action such as 
direct federal regulation of methane, supporting alternative transportation and power generation, and national policy 
recommendations on natural gas across the value chain.

•  Continued support of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC) and Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD)  

to advance carbon pricing in the U.S. as the most effective and predictable policy action to reduce GHG emissions 
across the economy. 

•  Worked closely with members of the Business Roundtable (BRT) and the American Petroleum Institute (API)  

to engage with the Voluntary Carbon Markets Initiative.

•  Working with World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) as a private sector partner to share  

and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing.

•  Incorporated Scope 3 supplier emissions into targeted supplier evaluations.

•  Held annual ConocoPhillips Supplier Sustainability Forum to share key sustainability messages and best practices.

•  Began building a governance framework for supplier sustainability.

•  Collaborating with industry groups and third‑party partners to align on collection, reporting and supplier engagement 

for supplier emissions.

•  Purchased an additional 10% shareholding interest in Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) in 2022 and in 2023  

announced plans to acquire up to an additional 2.49% shareholding interest.

•  In the first quarter of 2023, purchased an equity interest in new large‑scale LNG facility with Sempra Infrastructure 

and secured 5 MTPA of offtake.

•  Signed agreements to supply long‑term LNG to Germany in partnership with QatarEnergy.

•  Continued evaluation of potential opportunities to develop carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs along the 

U.S. Gulf Coast.

•  Joined Canada’s Oil Sands Pathways Alliance working toward net‑zero by 2050 through CCS.

•  Established strategic technology partnership with a chemistry innovator to advance CCS process capability for 

deployment in company projects.

•  Evaluating the development of blue and green ammonia as a low‑carbon power generation fuel from  

the U.S. Gulf Coast with Japanese energy company JERA.

•  Invested in a venture with Canadian energy technology company Ekona Power to develop hydrogen production 

technology through methane pyrolysis.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202232Climate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Our Energy  
Transition Plan

As we navigate an uncharted energy transition in coming 

years and decades, the plan will evolve in the same way 

it has developed: through experienced professionals, 

well‑practiced processes, meaningful action, ongoing 

in energy transition opportunities, while also fulfilling our 

commitment to create long‑term value for our stakeholders. 

We intend to report on continued implementation of our plan 

and provide periodic updates on our website. 

engagement and learnings from best practices. Our subject 

ENERGY TRANSITION ACTIVITIES

matter experts will closely monitor transition drivers 

including technology, policy and market sentiment. We will 

continue to actively collaborate with peers, industry experts 

and financial sector stakeholders to better understand these 

drivers and learn from best practices. We are also actively 

engaged throughout the entire organization — including 

our Board of Directors, Executive Leadership Team and 

operations teams — for successful strategy alignment and 

implementation. 

Our Triple Mandate will drive continued focus and 

accountability for both returns and resilience, allowing 

us to play a valued, meaningful role in a managed and 

orderly energy transition. The updates in this report reflect 

our commitment to reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 

addressing end‑use emissions (Scope 3) in our supply chain 

and through policy advocacy, and developing business 

opportunities in LNG, CCS and hydrogen. We are well 

positioned to continue to execute this plan and participate 

Planning for the energy transition requires a variety of 
sectors to collaborate and work together to drive change. 
Our emphasis on these activities is inﬂuenced by ongoing 
engagement with our stakeholders.

Portfolio
High-Grading

Production
Efficiency

Electrification

Methane 
and Flaring 
Reductions

Carbon Capture 
and Storage

Hydrogen

Offsets

Supply Chain
Engagement

Advocacy

We acknowledge the findings of the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
that GHG emissions from the use of fossil fuels 
contribute to increases in global temperatures. 
We also recognize the importance that current 
science places on limiting global average 
temperature increases to below 2-degrees 
Celsius compared to pre-industrial times, and to 
achieve that, current science shows that global 
GHG emissions need to reach net-zero in the 

second half of this century. We support the 
Paris Agreement as a welcomed global policy 
response to that challenge. 

We have had a public global climate change 
position since 2003. The position is reviewed 
periodically, agreed to by the Executive 
Leadership Team and then recommended 
to the board. Read more about our Climate 
Change Position.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202233ClimateScenario Analysis

IEA Energy Outlook

We reference two energy scenarios from the International 

Energy Agency (IEA) 2022 World Energy Outlook that 

illustrate future demand and track the Paris Agreement 

goal of reducing global GHG emissions to limit the global 

temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius while pursuing 

efforts to limit warming to 1.5 degrees. These scenarios 

reflect changes in total energy demand in 2050 as compared 

to 2021:

•  Announced Pledges: Total energy demand increases by 

just over 1%.

•  Net Zero Emissions: Total energy demand declines by 

more than 14%.

Total demand stays flat compared to 2021 in the Announced 

Pledges scenario but declines in the Net Zero Emissions 

scenario. Demand for natural gas and oil has different 

outcomes across the IEA scenarios.

IEA WORLD ENERGY OUTLOOK 
SCENARIOS – 2050
MMBOED

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

Actuals

Fossil Fuels

79%

In 2050

Fossil Fuels

39%

Fossil Fuels

18%

2021

Announced
Pledges
Scenario
Temp: 1.7°C
Oil Price: $60

Net Zero
Emissions 
Scenario
Temp: 1.5°C
Oil Price: $24

Oil

Natural Gas

Coal

Nuclear

Traditional Biomass

Renewables

Source: © OECD/IEA 2022 World Energy Outlook, IEA Publishing. License: www.iea.org

Even in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, 2050 oil demand 

Note: EJ converted to MMBOE at 173.727 per EJ.

remains at 19 MMBOD and natural gas at 20 MMBOED and, 

despite a reallocation of capital to renewables, significant 

investment in upstream natural gas and oil is still required. 

IEA estimates this to average $394 billion each year from 

2022 to 2050 globally in the Announced Pledges Scenario 

(APS) and $255 billion per year from 2022 to 2050 in the 

Net Zero Emissions scenario, a total of approximately 

$11.4 trillion globally and $7.4 trillion respectively for the 

period 2022 to 2050.

Achieving the IEA APS (limiting temperature to 1.7 degrees 

Celsius) requires significant progress on several fronts:1

• 

Improving energy efficiency of power generation, 

transportation and industrial processes. 

The APS requires achieving all major national emissions 

reduction targets made by governments around the world, 

as well as meeting all country‑level targets in full for access 

to energy/electricity. This includes supporting policies that 

could reduce the need for coal‑fired capacity or even halt 

new coal investment through cost‑effective, low‑emissions 

electricity deployment. Even with these changes and 

requirements, APS will still require flexibility to use existing 

infrastructure while new options are being developed to 

replicate natural gas services. Such flexibility requirements 

in the power sector may be met with low‑carbon hydrogen 

and hydrogen‑based fuels. Oil and gas resources will still 

be needed in the APS but will be consolidated to include 

•  Reducing emissions from fossil fuels or capturing and 

a smaller number of low‑cost, responsible producers. 

storing or utilizing those emissions.

Changes in the energy system will take time, as energy 

• 

Increasing clean energy electricity, innovation and 

infrastructure components have long asset lives and require 

investment.

cross‑sector, system‑wide changes and retrofits to meet 

new specifications. 

1  The Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS), a component of previous IEA scenarios, is not featured in the most recent edition of the World Energy Outlook, as temperature outcomes and 

sustainable development goals in the SDS are similar to those in the APS.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202234Climate 
The Net Zero Emissions scenario provides useful 

• 

Identify leading indicators and trends.

hypothetical data to inform the decisions to be made by 

policymakers, who have the greatest scope to move the 

world closer to its climate goals. The assumptions used in 

the scenario are challenging. For example:

•  Reducing energy demand by almost 14% from 2021 levels 

would require reverting energy demand back to 2010 

levels, while supporting 3 billion more people with three 

times the economic activity. 

• 

Increasing the share of renewable electricity supply to 

the level assumed in 2050 would require annual capacity 

additions four times the record capacity achieved in 2020. 

The electricity market in 2050 is assumed to be 150% 

greater than the market in 2021, the equivalent of adding 

an electricity market the size of India every year between 

•  Test the robustness of our strategy across different 

business environments.

•  Communicate risks appropriately.

• 

Inform how we position our business, as technologies and 

markets evolve, to capitalize on opportunities that meet 

risk and return criteria.

Using scenarios enables us to understand a range of risks 

around potential commodity market prices associated with 

various GHG emissions reduction scenarios. To assist our 

capital allocation decisions, we can test our current portfolio 

of assets and investment opportunities against these future 

possibilities and identify where strengths and weaknesses 

may exist.

now and then. 

We use a range of analyses, input and information when 

•  Of 400 milestones needed to achieve net‑zero emissions 

developing our strategy. The detail of our scenarios gives 

described in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, 85% are 

insight into the analysis we use to inform our strategic 

demand‑side actions that would require government 

decision making and reinforces to stakeholders and 

intervention. It will continue to be important for 

policymakers to address the imperatives of energy 

security and affordability alongside climate risk.

These widely varying factors are the reason scenario 

planning is important. There is not just one pathway to 

a low‑carbon future; there are numerous ways in which 

government action and technology development could 

shareholders that we are both preparing for reductions in 

GHG emissions consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement 

and developing resilient strategies that reflect the complex 

and uncertain range of energy futures.

We use four main energy transition scenarios in our global 

energy model: Pre‑Pandemic Trend, Moderate Transition, 

Accelerated Transition and 1.5 Net‑Zero. The four scenarios 

interact with consumer behavior to bring about a low‑carbon 

incorporate a wide range of possible outcomes for energy 

future. Performance on climate‑related risk and opportunity 

and carbon emissions. 

is driven by planning across a range of widely varying 

scenarios and having the financial strength and asset 

flexibility to adapt to different outcomes.

Scenario Planning at 
ConocoPhillips

The scenarios we have developed describe possible 

pathways leading to a particular outcome. Scenarios are 

hypothetical constructs and are not predictions or forecasts 

of what we think is going to happen; they are used to 

illustrate which factors drive future developments. We use 

scenarios in our strategic planning process to:

•  Gain better understanding of external factors that impact 

our business to assist in the identification of major risks 

and opportunities and inform mitigating actions.

While these scenarios extend to 2050, well beyond our 

near‑term operational planning period, they give insights 

on trends that could have an implication for near-  and 

medium‑term decisions and enable choices on the creation 

or preservation of future options.

Each scenario models the full energy system including 

coal, oil, natural gas, solar, wind and nuclear, as well as 

their related GHG emissions and pricing policies. Each of 

these plausible pathways is designed to stretch our thinking 

about potential rates of new technology adoption, policy 

development and consumer behavior. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202235ClimateGLOBAL ENERGY-RELATED CO 2 EMISSIONS
Gigatonnes per year

50

40

30

20

10

0

2020

2025

2030

2035

2040

2045

2050

Current Trends

Moderate Transition

Accelerated Transition

1.5 Net-Zero

The scenarios describe four pathways out of the myriad 

that are possible, given the uncertainty surrounding the 

development of future energy markets out to 2050. They do 

not describe all possible future outcomes and are not used 

as a reliable indicator of the actual impact of climate change 

on ConocoPhillips’ portfolio or business.

Scenario Descriptions

The scenarios reflect differing economic activity, technology 

developments, public policy developments and consumer 

choices. A common thread across all four scenarios is that 

GDP becomes less energy intense as the global economy 

requires less incremental energy‑intensive manufacturing 

and industrial activity relative to service‑oriented activity. 

The outcome for global energy‑related CO2 emissions from 
our four scenarios is shown in the “Global Energy‑Related 

CO2 Emissions by Scenario” chart.

Pre-Pandemic Trend Scenario

This scenario is built on the assumption that trends 

established from 2010 to 2019 in energy production and 

consumption continue. Government policies for carbon 

emissions remain globally uncoordinated. Technologies 

evolve at a gradual pace and current modes of 

transportation and power generation remain the lowest 

cost, most efficient avenues for energy consumption and 

generation. Carbon taxes are introduced at a moderate rate 

in Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and Development 

(OECD) countries, rising to only $30/tonne of CO2 equivalent 
(TeCO2e) in 2050. It is assumed that non‑OECD countries 
have not implemented carbon pricing by 2050 in this 

scenario. Consequently, fossil fuels continue to deliver 

In addition to using the four scenarios to analyze potential 

roughly 80% of global energy needs in 2050, and energy-

outcomes, we regularly monitor key signposts as we work 

related carbon emissions continue to increase. 

to track the pace and direction of the energy transition and 

identify potential leading indicators of change in the demand 

for hydrocarbons. In this way we aim to establish not just 

which scenario we are moving toward, but also to identify 

emerging disruptive scenarios. This analysis is presented to 

executive management and the Board of Directors to assist 

in strategic decision making. 

The global oil market grows by 20% over 2019’s 100 MMBOD 

level, driven by solid economic growth and a lack of 

competitive alternatives. Transportation’s share of total 

oil demand expands from ~60% today to 65% in 2050. 

The automotive sector continues to evolve gradually, and 

the global share of electric vehicle sales increases from 

1‑2% today to 20% in 2050. The global average internal 

The thoughtful application of scenarios in strategic planning 

combustion engine efficiency modestly improves by around 

is core to our ability to navigate future uncertainty and is a 

15%, and petroleum remains the most prevalent fuel for all 

practical way of conveying this information in a decision‑

modes of transportation. Production from all regions and 

useful manner. The key to scenario planning is the use of 

resource types is developed.

a wide‑enough range to characterize uncertainty, rather 

than trying to correctly guess specific future variables 

or parameters. 

The natural gas market expands at a faster rate than oil over 

the long term. By 2050, natural gas demand is ~75% larger 

than 2021, reaching just under 700 billion cubic feet per 

day (BCFD) as growing economies utilize more natural gas. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202236ClimateThe volume of natural gas consumed in power demand more 

In this scenario, hydrogen and Carbon Capture Utilization 

than doubles by 2050. The focal point of global demand 

and Storage (CCUS) move to become viable, standalone 

shifts away from North America and Europe to Asia and the 

business lines. Moderate progression toward national 

Middle East.

Moderate Transition Scenario

This scenario assumes moderate advances in national level 

carbon pricing policies and alternative energy technologies, 

with incremental shifts in consumer preferences for 

low-carbon products. Fossil fuels remain at roughly 81% 

of the primary energy mix in 2050. Carbon taxes go into 

effect across OECD countries during the mid‑2020s and are 

$25/TeCO2e in 2030, rising to $60 in 2050. It is assumed that 
China implements its proposed national carbon pricing policy 

at 50% of the OECD carbon fee and that no other non‑OECD 

country implements a carbon pricing policy prior to 2050. 

Global energy-related carbon emissions stabilize by 2050.

Global oil demand plateaus in the late 2030’s at around 

110 MMBOD and then declines very slowly. Average internal 

combustion engine efficiency improves by one‑third. Electric 

vehicle penetration is slow in the early years but accelerates 

in the 2030s and 2040s, reaching 30% of the passenger auto 

fleet in 2050 (compared to 1% in 2021). Regional policies also 

influence the outcome for electrification in transportation. 

Global oil production benefits from technology advances 

which improve productivity and enable global demand to 

be satisfied. U.S. crude oil production grows through 2030 

then falls as incremental productivity improvements slow 

and high‑quality acreage is exhausted. Russia and OPEC 

grow to take a larger share of global supply which increases 

geopolitical risk to supply.

By 2050, the global gas market expands by 40% from 2021 

levels. The primary driver for natural gas demand growth 

is power generation. Natural gas consumed in power 

generation increases from 155 BCFD in 2021 to 240 in 2050. 

Improvements in energy storage enable wind and solar to be 

available throughout the day, increasing their contribution to 

power generation. As in the Pre‑Pandemic Trend scenario, 

global demand shifts east to Asia and the Middle East. 

Global supplies remain heavily weighted to North America. 

U.S. shale gas and Permian associated gas drive North 

American growth until the 2030s, after which Canada leads 

North America’s production growth.

net‑zero targets increases availability of capital funding 

which paves the way for these technologies to take hold. 

CCUS grows to 2.1 gigatonnes captured in 2050, while the 

total hydrogen market expands to 250 million metric tons 

in 2050.

CONOCOPHILLIPS GLOBAL ENERGY 
MODEL SCENARIOS
MMBOED

500

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

Fossil Fuels

75%

Fossil Fuels

70% Fossil Fuels
60%

Fossil Fuels

80%

Fossil Fuels

32%

Actuals
2021

Pre-Pandemic
Trend
2050

Moderate
Transition
2050

Accelerated
Transition
2050

1.5
Net-Zero
2050

Oil

Natural Gas

Biomass

Renewables

Coal

Hydro

Nuclear

Accelerated Transition Scenario

This is a scenario with more aggressive changes in 

technologies, consumer preferences and government 

policies relative to Moderate Transition. Technology is vital to 

limiting growth in energy demand as the global population 

and economy expand. Social trends that are prevalent 

today in specific regions or municipalities spread because 

technological advances make these choices universally 

economic. For example, individual auto ownership gives 

way to shared mobility. Mass transit and ridesharing are 

accessible and cost effective for more people in more regions. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202237ClimateConsumers shift purchases toward products and services 

with lower carbon footprints, and society demands more 

by imposing economy‑wide carbon prices of $10/TeCO2e 
in 2030 rising to $50 by 2050. The scenario assumes 

transparent environmental stewardship from businesses they 

significant technological advances which reduce battery, 

patronize. Governments target aggressive policies toward 

wind and solar generation costs, improve fuel efficiencies 

GHG emissions, fossil fuel production and consumption. 

for internal combustion engines (80% more fuel efficient by 

Economy‑wide carbon pricing goes into effect across OECD 

2050), improve energy efficiency in buildings and lighting, 

countries during the mid‑2020s and is $30 per TeCO2e in 
2030, rising to $80 in 2050. Again, China implements an 

and impact energy production, delivery and consumption. 

Technology and efficiencies allow total energy demand in 

economy‑wide carbon pricing policy at 50% of the OECD 

2050 to be only about 2% below 2021’s level with about 70% 

price. Other non‑OECD countries impose a very low $5 per 

of energy provided by non‑fossil fuels. 

TeCO2e price by 2030.

The global oil market peaks in size by 2028 and remains 

near that level until tapering more quickly after 2035. The 

combination of internal combustion engine efficiencies and 

faster adoption of electric vehicles, which reach a 40% share 

of the passenger vehicle fleet by 2050, reduces oil demand 

in the transportation sector. Oil demand from the industrial 

sector grows for plastics and chemicals.

The global natural gas market grows at an average annual 

rate of 0.6% into the 2040s, peaking near 450 BCFD in 

2045 and slowly declining thereafter. Natural gas remains 

a prominent fuel in electricity generation but starts to yield 

market share to wind and solar as energy storage technology 

allows renewables to contribute a larger share of power 

generation. North America’s gas production increases 15% 

over today’s level, plateauing in about 2040 before declining.

Faster progression toward net‑zero targets and higher 

carbon prices increase capital available to new technologies, 

with hydrogen and CCUS remaining the frontrunners. 

Global oil demand peaks in 2023 and declines to 40 MMBOD 

in 2050. Energy storage improvements lead to EVs achieving 

parity with internal combustion engine vehicles by the 

mid‑2020s, thus incentivizing consumers to purchase EVs. 

Consequently, 70% of the passenger automobile fleet is 

electric in 2050, and transportation sector demand falls 

to 25% of total oil demand. Oil supply dynamics evolve as 

most production occurs in OPEC countries and Russia, and 

geopolitics play an even larger role in oil prices and the 

supply of oil.

The natural gas market is much more resilient in this 

scenario in comparison to oil as natural gas is needed as 

a lower‑carbon fuel for reliable, dispatchable electricity 

generation. Global natural gas demand peaks in 2030. 

Natural gas generates only 4% of global electricity in 2050, 

while wind and solar grow to produce 73% of electricity in 

2050. Global gas demand shifts to emerging markets in Asia, 

the Middle East, Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)

and Africa. Only 26% of global gas demand remains in North 

Captured carbon increases to 3.4 gigatonnes by 2050, and 

America and Europe. 

advances in renewables‑powered hydrogen technology 

expand the hydrogen market to around 300 million 

metric tons.

1.5 Net-Zero Scenario 

In this scenario, countries and companies push for 

accelerated progression along net‑zero pathways and 

implement supportive policies along with capital funding 

to progress new technologies. Hydrogen remains a 

This scenario assumes technology breakthroughs, rapid 

front‑runner, with blue (using CCS) and green hydrogen 

global policy coordination to price GHG emissions at a 

supporting increased petrochemical and industrial 

level that materially reduces fossil fuel use and emissions 

activities. Over time, electrolysis costs fall sharply. Green 

and shifts in consumer preferences towards lower GHG 

hydrogen accelerates along with other new technologies, 

products and services. In this pathway, OECD countries 

pushing out blue and grey (Steam Methane Reforming) 

and China implement a transparent economy‑wide carbon 
price2 mechanism by 2025 which rises from $50/TeCO2e 
in 2030 to $190 by 2050. Other non‑OECD nations follow 

hydrogen production. The hydrogen market grows to around 

400 million metric tons in 2050. CCS plays a critical role in 

emissions reduction, expanding to 7.0 gigatonnes by 2050.

2  All carbon taxes are in 2022 dollars.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202238ClimateOur scenarios have a wide range of assumptions regarding 

• 

Identify and fund emissions reduction projects to reduce 

technological advances, government policies (e.g., carbon 

the impact of any future regulations, carbon prices or 

prices) and consumer behaviors leading to a range of oil and 

taxes, and to help maintain a low life‑cycle cost of supply. 

natural gas prices. We take this future price uncertainty into 

We have upgraded the use of a marginal abatement 

account in our strategy by using a fully burdened cost of 

cost curve (MACC) in Long‑Range Planning to identify 

supply as our primary criteria for capital allocation. Of the 

emissions reduction opportunities available to the 

~20 billion barrels of resources with a cost of supply at $40 

company globally. These process upgrades have resulted 

per barrel and below held in our portfolio, resources at the 

in more efficient collection, recording, sharing and 

average cost of supply can be produced at $32 per barrel.3 

funding of emissions reduction projects.

This compares favorably to the expected commodity prices 

detailed in our own scenarios as well as external scenarios 

such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions scenario.

The scenarios are designed to address transitional risks. 

A separate scenario process addresses physical climate‑

related risk using consultant scenarios based on the 

•  Task each business unit with developing potential options 

to achieve our operational net‑zero emissions ambition.

• 

Introduce a proxy cost of carbon into qualifying project 

economics to help us be more resilient to climate‑

related risk in the short‑  to medium‑term and provide the 

flexibility to remain resilient in the long‑term.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) modeling.

•  Focus near‑term technology investments on reducing both 

our costs and our emissions where economically feasible.

•  Monitor for potential disruptive technologies that might 

impact the market for natural gas or oil, enabling us to 

take advantage of our capital flexibility and reduce our 

exposure to lower commodity prices at an early point 

in time.

•  Focus on the carbon and cost competitive supply of 

natural gas and oil while continuing to utilize our scenario 

planning system to monitor and assess additional 

business opportunities within the evolving energy 

transition.

•  Pursue hydrogen production and carbon sequestration 

as potentially attractive investments in meeting transition 

demand for low carbon energy.

•  Monitor global regulatory and legislative developments 

and engage in development of pragmatic policies aligned 

with the climate policy principles outlined in our Global 

Climate Change Position.

Key Strategic Linkages to Our 
Scenario Planning

Our corporate strategy reflects several findings from our 

scenario analysis process. We have acted to:

•  Use a fully burdened cost of supply, including cost of 

carbon aligned with our current probability‑weighted 

energy scenario, as an important metric in our project 

authorization process. In 2023, we had a resource base 

of ~20 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) with $40 per 

barrel (or lower) cost of supply and an average cost of 

supply of $32 per barrel.3 Our strategic objective is to 

provide resilience in lower price environments, with any 

oil price above our cost of supply generating an after‑tax 

fully burdened rate of return greater than 10%.

•  Prepare for diverse policy environments by maintaining 

a less than $40 per BOE sustaining price to generate 

the cash to fund capital expenditure to keep production 

flat over time and generate competitive returns to 

shareholders.

•  Maintain diversification in our portfolio to balance our 

production and capital expenditures as commodity prices 

become more volatile.

•  Provide competitive distributions from cash flows 

to investors.

3  Costs assume a mid-cycle price environment of $60/BBL WTI.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202239ClimateNear-, Medium- and 
Long-Term Risks

As described in the Risk Management section, we evaluate 

and track our climate‑related risk through our SD Risk 

Register and Climate Change Action Plan. Those risks 

broadly fall into four categories:

•  GHG‑related policy.

•  Emissions reductions and emissions management.

•  Physical climate‑related impacts.

at our oil sands operations which improves our steam‑to‑oil 

ratios by 20‑30%, the deployment of wellbore technology 

such as flow control devices and multilateral wells which 

improve steam‑to‑oil ratios by 10‑20%, and the piloting 

of steam additives which has the potential for a 20% 

improvement to our steam‑to‑oil ratio.

GHG emissions costs, or carbon costs, are another near‑term 

risk in some jurisdictions where we operate. For example, 

in Norway, we are managing carbon cost risk with specific 

actions to study both operational emissions reduction 

opportunities as well as technical modification opportunities 

•  Climate‑related disclosure and reporting.

and evaluate project economics that include the 

The time horizons we use for climate‑related issues are 

based on the time we expect it will take for the risks to 

manifest, our planning time horizons and the time required to 

realize the majority of the net present value of our projects.

Near-Term Risks

Norwegian carbon fee and European Union CO2 emissions 
costs (EU ETS).

While a price on carbon in the U.S. will increase our costs 

and decrease demand for our product, we support a well‑

designed pricing regime on carbon emissions as the most 

effective and predictable policy action to reduce GHG 

Our near‑term time horizon is one to five years, during 

emissions across the economy. By enacting a legislative 

which we can complete short‑cycle drilling campaigns and 

requirement for a price on carbon, we believe the U.S. would 

small projects. Our GHG forecasting and financial planning 

maintain the energy advantage it currently has while at 

processes are used to determine risks and opportunities 

the same time incentivizing other countries to also adopt 

that could have a material financial impact for that 

a price on carbon. We are members of the Carbon Pricing 

period. Our near‑term climate‑related risks are generally 

Leadership Coalition (CPLC), a voluntary initiative working 

government policy related and managed at the business 

to catalyze action towards the successful implementation of 

unit level through policy advocacy and technology to 

carbon pricing around the world. We are a Founding Member 

reduce emissions.

Regulations to address climate‑related risk, including GHG 

emissions, are a near‑term risk for several of our businesses. 

For example, regulations issued by the Alberta government 

under the Emissions Management and Climate Resilience 

Act require any facility existing in 2016, with emissions 

equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tons of carbon 

dioxide or equivalent per year, to reduce its net emissions 

intensity, with reduction increases over time. The cost of 

compliance and investment in emissions intensity reduction 

of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), a collaboration of 

business and environmental interests working to develop 

a carbon dividend plan for the U.S. The plan has four key 

pillars: a gradually increasing price on carbon, a carbon 

dividend, border carbon adjustments and regulatory 

simplification. Read more about the carbon dividend plan. 

To supplement our work on carbon price advocacy, we 

also advocate for effective and efficient regulations and 

legislation to advance economic incentives and reduce GHG 

emissions through regulatory approaches.

technologies influence investment decisions for the Canada 

Another policy area we monitor is related to border carbon 

business unit, where we are purchasing carbon offsets while 

adjustments (BCAs). For example, the EU Carbon Border 

evaluating and developing technology opportunities such 

Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) seeks to put a price on 

as CCS and subsurface technology to reduce emissions for 

carbon for carbon‑intensive traded goods. The transition 

existing and new facilities. Good examples of technology 

phase for the CBAM will begin in October 2023, during 

developments that decrease GHG emissions intensity are 

which importers will begin reporting emissions data to the 

our commercialization of non‑condensable gas co‑injection 

EU. While oil and gas production is currently outside the 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202240Climatescope of CBAM, a review of industries to consider including 

While GFANZ members are not prohibited from having 

in the future is due at the end of the transition phase in 

relationships with oil and gas companies, the nature of their 

2025. We continue to monitor the applicability of CBAM 

target commitments may imply that greater restrictions will 

and other border carbon adjustment proposals to our oil 

be placed on GFANZ members in the future. Conversely, we 

and gas operations. We are engaged in discussions around 

also face pressure from some in the investment community 

additional policy options, such as a standalone World 

and certain public interest groups to limit the focus on 

Trade Organization‑compliant Border Carbon Adjustment 

ESG in our decision‑making. If public pressure continues 

(BCA) mechanism. We will continue working with the CLC 

to mount, our access to capital on terms we find favorable 

and our trade associations to identify opportunities to 

may be limited, and our costs may increase. Additionally, our 

support and shape policies in alignment with our carbon 

reputation could be damaged, and our business and results 

pricing principles.

of operations may be otherwise adversely affected.

Medium-Term Risks

Long-Term Risks

Our medium‑term time horizon is six to 10 years, during 

Our long‑term time horizon is 11 years and beyond. Generally, 

which we can complete most major projects and revise our 

long‑term risks are managed by our scenario analysis and 

portfolio if required. Our GHG forecasting and financial 

Climate Risk Strategy, as they include long‑term government 

planning processes are used to determine the risks and 

policy, technology trends and consumer preferences that 

opportunities that could have a material financial impact 

affect supply and demand. They may also include risks that 

for that period. Medium‑term risks take longer to impact 

align with long‑term physical climate scenarios.

our business and may include emerging policy that is not 

yet fully defined. These risks are managed by business 

unit planning but, if significant, may also be managed by 

corporate strategies and company‑wide risk assessments.

We recognize that our GHG intensity will be compared 

against peers, so we track this as a competitive risk at the 

corporate level. Investors, the financial sector and other 

stakeholders compare companies based on climate‑related 

Offset requirements have been identified as both a medium‑

performance, and GHG intensity is a key indicator. For this 

term risk and as an opportunity for some business units 

reason, our GHG intensity target aligns with the long‑term 

where carbon offsets can be used for compliance with an 

time horizon to ensure we manage the risk appropriately. 

emissions reduction program.

It also demonstrates our goal to be a leader in managing 

Climate‑related physical changes are a medium‑term risk 

climate‑related risk.

for some of our operations. In Alaska, mitigation measures 

Both chronic and acute physical climate risks are a 

include pre‑packing snow to accelerate the start of the ice 

long‑term risk for our business. In some parts of the U.S., 

road season and engineering and maintaining gravel roads 

we have identified potential storm severity as a risk for 

and pads to be protective of underlying permafrost.

future operations, based on previous storms and flooding. 

Another medium‑term risk is access to capital markets. 

Increasing attention to global climate change has resulted 

in pressure from and on stockholders, financial institutions 

and other market participants to modify their relationships 

with oil and gas companies and to limit or discontinue 

investments, insurance and funding to such companies. 

Consensus science suggests that future extreme weather 

events may become more intense and/or more frequent, 

thus potentially adding incremental risk to our operations 

in coastal regions and areas susceptible to typhoons or 

hurricanes. We have a crisis management system in place to 

manage that risk before, during and after a storm event.

For example, a significant number of financial institutions 

Read more about our Risk Register and Climate Change 

are now members of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for 

Action Plan.

Net‑Zero (GFANZ), thereby voluntarily pledging to achieve 

net‑zero emissions by 2050 on Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, 

as well as setting interim targets for 2030 or earlier. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202241ClimateRisk Response

efforts undertaken in response to global climate‑related 

risk, including plans developed in connection with the 

Our Climate Change Action Plan described on the following 

Paris Agreement. Many governments also provide, or may 

page, addresses the significant/ high risks from our SD 

Risk Register and includes milestones over several years. 

Actions within the plan address individual risks identified 

in the future provide, tax advantages and other subsidies 

to support the use and development of alternative energy 

technologies that could impact demand for our products. 

by our business units or global/regional risks identified by 

However, there are also opportunities associated with 

our central corporate staff. For example, both chronic and 

increased demand for lower‑carbon energy sources such 

physical climate‑related impacts are more likely to apply to 

as natural gas to displace coal in power generation and 

a single business unit, given the specific local nature of the 

in combination with carbon capture and storage in the 

risk and geographical location of our assets. Actions relate 

production of hydrogen for industrial use. More information 

to specific business units unless indicated as “global.”

Addressing Climate-
Related Risks and 
Opportunities

Climate‑related risks and opportunities that have the 

potential to impact our company are addressed through 

business and operational planning, strategic planning and 

financial planning. Our SD risk management processes 

identify those risks and assess the potential size, scope and 

prioritization of each. We have aligned a description of these 

impacts with the recommendations of the Task Force on 

Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Business Planning
Climate‑related risks and opportunities may affect our 

business planning through impacts to demand for our 

about these opportunities is included in the Liquefied 

Natural Gas and Low Carbon Opportunities sections.

Supply Chain and/or Value Chain

We engage with suppliers on the environmental and social 

aspects of their operations throughout the procurement 

process. This includes communicating our expectations and 

priorities and identifying opportunities for improvement and 

collaboration related to climate issues, including energy use, 

GHG management and environmental supply chain risks. 

We engage through membership in several trade 

associations, such as Ipieca, that address climate‑related 

issues through working groups and task forces that include 

downstream businesses as well as suppliers. We continue 

to monitor climate‑related risks and opportunities related 

to our supply chain and value chain and believe that 

maintaining a global network of businesses and suppliers 

will mitigate physical climate‑related risks. 

product, product costs, supply chain, daily operating and 

We also recognize the importance of Scope 3 emissions 

mitigation activities, project design and emissions reduction 

generated by our suppliers in the upstream value chain. 

projects, among others.

Products and Services

Therefore, we have ongoing engagements with major 

suppliers for alignment of their GHG emissions goals with 

our plans for the energy transition, and we have incorporated 

Compliance with policy changes that create a GHG tax, 

an assessment of their emissions into targeted supplier 

fee, emissions trading scheme or GHG reductions could 

evaluations. We utilize a sustainability questionnaire in key 

significantly increase product costs for consumers and 

bids that includes questions on supplier GHG emissions and 

reduce demand for natural gas‑ and oil‑derived products. 

their own Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets.

Demand could also be eroded by conservation plans and 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202242ClimateCLIMATE  CHANGE  ACTION  PLAN

RISKS

2022 MITIGATION ACTIONS AND MILESTONES

GHG Policy

Climate change 
policy, including 
carbon taxes

•  Review global emerging issues with Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council on a regular basis.

•  Work with Climate Leadership Council and API Climate Working Group to develop U.S. carbon tax framework; advocate 

for a carbon price through the Climate Leadership Council/Americans for Carbon Dividends as well as the Carbon Pricing 
Leadership Coalition.

•  Directly engage governments on evolving climate policy and monitor policy developments.

•  Engage in industry working groups to provide input to federal consultation on border carbon adjustment policies.

•  Use carbon price in base case Long‑Range Planning and forecasting; elevate GHG forecasting guidelines to a company practice.

•  Support effective incentives for emissions reductions, including tax and production credits and protocols for use of carbon 

credits and offsets.

Low carbon 
technologies 
activities 

• 

Implement global corporate position and strategy on carbon offsets purchases.

•  Assess opportunities to reduce Scope 2 emissions with low carbon technologies and electricity grid connection opportunities.

•  Explore novel technology and investments through Low Carbon Technologies organization.

•  Explore implementing CCS technology in project design.

•  Consider partnering with future renewable energy project developers to power our operations where operationally 

and economically feasible and monitor new opportunities.

Emissions and Emissions Management

GHG emissions 
regulations

•  Support enactment of cost‑effective federal methane regulations on new and existing sources that would preserve a state’s 

ability to adapt implementation to local conditions.

•  Explore new technology solutions and facility improvements to meet methane and flaring reduction targets.

•  Continue regulatory advocacy efforts around methane and flaring.

•  Work with industry trade groups and task forces to respond to proposed GHG regulations.

GHG emissions 
reductions 

•  Design and develop new facilities with lower emission footprints. Focus on operational efficiency globally to reduce 

GHG intensity. 

•  Execute U.S. flare reduction plans including revising commercial agreements to incorporate flare reduction incentives. 

Consider developing additional flaring reduction targets.

•  Continue implementation of corporate Climate Risk Strategy including energy transition plan with updated targets.  

Continue integration of BU Climate Risk Strategy and development.

• 

Improve GHG data collection efforts and advance MACC emissions reduction projects, plans and low‑carbon ideas.  
Continue to assess transformational technology pilots.

•  Continue to grow emissions monitoring program. Advance methane mitigation measures through leak detection surveys, 

source testing and tank monitoring. 

Physical Climate-Related Impacts

Acute and 
chronic physical 
risks

Assessment 

•  Continue to include physical climate risk in SD risk management process.

•  Develop global physical risk assessment guidelines for business units and continue with ongoing review cycle.

• 

Initiate asset‑specific climate risk assessments.

Fresh water constraints 

• 

Increase application of mitigation measures (fresh water use minimization) in project design phase and adjust project execution 
timing based on water availability. 

• 

Investigate alternative sources for water (e.g. pipelines, desalination, etc.). 

•  Monitor stream flow and use forecast exercises to identify potential water availability concerns in upcoming development.

•  Alter well completion schedule as required or needed.

Permafrost thaw 

•  Continue assessment of risk of permafrost thaw for construction of new infrastructure and implementation of mitigation 

measures. Use remote sensing to detect landscape change patterns.

• 

Investigate effective approaches for monitoring permafrost thaw and thaw degree days.

•  Continually review and update engineering and design specifications, including equipment and site maintenance. 

Wildfire 

•  Participate in desktop regional wildfire annual risk assessment and mitigation planning efforts.

•  Execute emergency response plan exercises, drills and training for wildfire threats. 

• 

• 

Integrate development of planning with regional forest company’s harvest timeline to enable landscape‑scale resource 
management which could reduce forest fuel near the asset. 

Implement and execute safety barriers and controls to enable facility and personnel protection in the case of fire and advance 
warning of potential wildfire threats.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202243ClimateWe plan to make additional inroads in reducing Scope 3 

Supply Chain team and industry association representatives 

emissions from those sources that we may be able to 

from the National Association of Manufacturers and the 

influence within our supply chain through continued supplier 

Energy Workforce & Technology Council. They discussed 

engagement as part of our Scope 3 Supplier Emissions 

meaningful measures to show alignment in a world aiming 

Strategy.4 In 2022, we developed a plan for implementation 

for net‑zero, opportunities and challenges on the road to 

in 2023 to ensure that key elements of our supply chain are 

net‑zero, and the importance of integrating risk management 

evaluated for climate risk, including:

into supply chain, business planning and decision making. 

• 

Identifying suppliers with high relative impact on Scope 3 

upstream supplier emissions. 

Operations

•  Promoting alignment of suppliers’ GHG targets with our 

net‑zero ambition.

•  Building a governance framework for supplier 

sustainability to include Scope 3 supplier emissions.

While our business operations are designed and operated 

to accommodate a range of potential climate conditions, 

significant changes, such as more frequent severe weather 

in the markets we serve or the areas where our assets are 

located, could cause increased expenses and impact to our 

•  Updating our Supplier Expectations to highlight climate, 

operations. The costs associated with interrupted operations 

biodiversity, responsible use of natural resources 

and human rights. We will revise and implement 

this documentation through a structured plan to 

will depend on the duration and severity of any physical 

event and the damage and remedial work to be carried out. 

Financial implications could include business interruption, 

systematically engage with suppliers on sustainability 

damage or loss of production uptime and delayed access 

issues throughout the year.

•  Collaborating with suppliers in conjunction with industry 

partners like API and Ipieca to align on disclosure 

frameworks and systems for collecting and reporting 

supplier emissions.

to resources and markets. For example, a three‑day 

shutdown of all U.S. Gulf Coast production would result in 

approximately 660 MBOE of lost production. It is unlikely 

all our Gulf Coast area production would be affected, as 

our operations are located across a wide span of the coast 

including inland and offshore assets. 

We plan to provide guidance to key internal stakeholders 

on how and when to include emissions impact in supplier 

Adaptation and Mitigation

bids. During regular engagements between our executive 

Business‑resiliency planning is a process that helps us 

team and those of our major suppliers, we intend to include 

prepare to mitigate potential physical risks of a changing 

a standing climate agenda item to discuss GHG targets, 

climate in a cost‑effective manner. 

performance, opportunities and actions to be taken. 

Canada

Finally, we continue to highlight climate and sustainability 

For example, in 2021, British Columbia, Canada experienced 

expectations for suppliers through our annual Supplier 

one of its worst fire seasons on record. The Montney 

Sustainability Forum. In November 2022, we hosted our 

development team has made a concerted effort to situate 

10th annual Supplier Sustainability Forum which brought 

pads within existing cut blocks where timber has been 

together over 150 participants, including suppliers from 

cleared to minimize the risk from increased wildfire activity. 

more than 40 companies and ConocoPhillips representatives 

Similarly, in response to previous years’ increased wildfire 

from across the globe. The agenda was designed to share 

activity in Alberta, our Surmont team undertook reactive 

information for sustainability best practices that are 

forest fuel reductions near critical infrastructure and 

transferable throughout our diverse supply chains. A key 

completed a Fire Smart hazard assessment where we are 

panel discussion was “Changing Landscapes and Net‑Zero 

working on an integrated land management plan with a local 

Alignment” with ConocoPhillips leaders from our Lower 48 

forest company to strategically reduce forest fuel loading 

organization, the Low Carbon Technologies team, the 

in areas of future infrastructure development. We have 

4  Upstream Scope 3 emissions covered under the strategy include Category 1, purchased goods and services and Category 2, capital goods.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202244Climatealso developed an in‑house automated active wildfire early 

updated the specification based on permafrost temperature 

warning system around both assets to identify risks and 

trends and geothermal modeling predictions from 2020 

keep people and infrastructure safe. 

through 2070. Use of the Foundational Design Specification 

In addition to mitigating fire risk, the Canada BU has 

addressed increased surface water flow from high‑

frequency and short‑duration storm events in Surmont with 

increased on‑site training for managing the movement of 

water from well pads and central processing facilities. We 

continues to date and will be revised as needed in the future. 

Additionally, permafrost thermistors will be installed in the 

Willow project area. Data will be used to evaluate permafrost 

temperatures near the surface, and data will be incorporated 

into engineering models and construction best practices. 

have also implemented recommendations from an industry 

We have also acted to mitigate our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

study on bioengineering techniques, such as live willow 

emissions for many years. Our first Climate Change Action 

silt fences to mitigate erosion and sedimentation issues 

Plan was introduced in 2008. In 2017, we introduced a GHG 

during intense rainfall events. This proactive surface water 

emissions intensity target to incentivize GHG reductions 

management is critical in preventing on‑site erosion from 

in our production operations in connection with project 

damaging critical infrastructure. In the Montney region, in 

design, exploration and portfolio decisions. To date, this 

the fall we monitor streamflow at the Halfway River, which 

has resulted in a reduction of both our emissions intensity 

acts as a signal for potential upcoming low‑flow conditions 

and our absolute emissions. Approximately half of our 

in winter so appropriate mitigation measures can be enacted. 

GHG reduction projects carried out since 2008 relate to 

Seasonal learnings like this inform streamflow prediction 

the reduced emissions of methane from reducing venting, 

exercises and future development. We have also proactively 

updating plunger lifts or replacing pneumatic controllers. 

assessed infrastructure design risks to account for a 

Most of these projects have paid for themselves through 

potential increase in high‑frequency, short‑duration storm 

increased sales of natural gas. Following the success 

events and are piloting the same bioengineering sediment 

of our overall GHG intensity target, in 2022 we set a 

control techniques as Surmont.

near‑zero methane intensity target to further drive methane 

Australia 

emissions reductions.

In 2021, our Australia BU conducted climate water 

To continue reducing emissions, we have set up regional 

catchment‑level modeling to inform a drought risk 

teams in North America, Australia, Southeast Asia and 

assessment to determine future impacts to water supply. 

Europe to use the MACC process to identify energy 

Results showed that long‑term evaporation and long‑term 

efficiency projects for consideration in the Long‑Range Plan. 

and severe drought duration are projected to increase over 

By evaluating our day‑to‑day decisions regarding flaring, 

the next 30 years in the local area. To mitigate this potential 

drilling, completions and equipment use we have gained a 

risk, both ConocoPhillips and the local water authority are 

sharper focus on energy consumption, along with increased 

investigating supplementary water supplies from alternate 

revenue, reduced energy costs, reduced emissions and an 

sources. We will use results from this, and future updates to 

improved overall cost of supply.

the risk assessment, to plan for water availability in future 

operations as we adapt our practices to a changing climate.

Alaska

Climate change is also considered during new project 

design. In 2020 in our Alaska BU, we updated our 

Foundational Design Specification to increase the 

embedment depths for vertical support members and piles 

to align with predicted soil temperature trends. This revision 

Read more about our MACC process and the Operational 

Net-Zero Roadmap.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202245ClimateStrategic Planning

A robust and flexible corporate strategy is key to addressing 

climate‑related risks and navigating the energy transition. 

Some key climate‑related components of an exploration and 

production company’s strategy are portfolio management, 

including portfolio resilience and diversification, focus on 

low cost of supply and capital allocation, carbon pricing, 

and investment in new technology through research and 

development. 

Acquisitions and Divestments

Business development decisions consider possible financial, 

operational and sustainability impacts to our portfolio. In 

our Long‑Range Planning process, we run sensitivities on 

our GHG emissions intensity based on possible acquisitions, 

divestments and project decisions. We focus on cost of 

supply to account for lower and more volatile product prices 

and possible introduction of carbon taxes. In recent years, 

we have divested higher emissions intensity gas fields.

Resilient Portfolio 

Our ability to address climate‑related risks and meet 

transition pathway demand will depend on our ability to 

deliver competitive returns on and of capital. We work to 

continually improve the underlying cost of supply of our 

portfolio, with a commitment to return more than 30% 

of cash from operations to stockholders through the 

cycles. Our sector‑leading approach focuses on the cost 

of supply of our portfolio, committing to balance sheet 

strength and moderating growth by holding to disciplined 

reinvestment rates. 

We have communicated to stakeholders a 10‑year strategic 

plan intended to generate double‑digit returns on capital 

employed that are competitive with the top quartile of the 

S&P 500. We returned $15 billion of capital for 2022, which 

represented over 50% of our cash from operations, well in 

excess of our greater than 30% annual commitment. 

Oil and natural gas are projected to remain essential parts 

of the energy supply mix in coming decades across a broad 

range of transition scenarios. ConocoPhillips intends to 

maintain its key market role through competitive returns 

that are resilient to transition‑related risks. We focus on 

remaining resilient and competitive in any scenario by 

providing low‑cost, low‑GHG intensity barrels by asset type 

with continuously improving sustainability performance.

PERCENT OF PROVED RESERVES 
BY HYDROCARBON TYPE

PERCENT OF PROVED RESERVES 
BY REGION

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Crude Oil

Natural Gas Liquids

Natural Gas

Bitumen

Alaska

Canada

Lower 48

Europe

APME

Africa

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202246ClimatePortfolio Diversification 

for capital allocation, and it has the advantage of being 

The mix and location of the resources in our portfolio 

independent of price forecasts. Any oil price above the cost 

provide flexibility and adaptability as we monitor scenarios 

of supply will generate an after‑tax fully burdened return 

and global trends. Our short‑cycle project times and 

that is greater than 10%. Providing low cost of supply also 

capital flexibility enable us to redirect capital to the most 

addresses a key component of a just transition — reliable and 

competitive basins. Our extensive low cost of supply 

affordable energy supply.

resource base allows us to divest higher cost assets to high‑

grade our portfolio as our strategy evolves. This applies to 

both hydrocarbon mix and geographic region. If policy in a 

country or region significantly impacts cost of supply, we can 

shift capital to other opportunities. 

The cost of supply of our resource base supports our 

assertion that resources with the lowest cost of supply are 

most likely to be developed in scenarios with lower demand, 

such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions Scenario. In 2023, we 

have a resource base of ~20 billion barrels of oil equivalent 

One example of portfolio diversification is the significant 

with $40 per barrel (or lower) cost of supply and an average 

expansion of our LNG portfolio in recent years through 

cost of supply of $32 per barrel.

our increased interest in APLNG and participation in joint 

ventures with QatarEnergy, as described in the Liquefied 

Natural Gas section. These projects have a low cost of 

supply and low GHG emissions intensity on a life cycle basis 

and align with our view that LNG is expected to play an 

increasingly important role in helping meet energy transition 

pathway demand, with its lower GHG intensity compared to 

burning coal for power generation.

ConocoPhillips has long been a participant in the LNG 

business, utilizing our commercial capabilities to develop 

To assist our capital allocation decisions, we test our current 

portfolio of assets and investment opportunities against 

future possibilities and identify strengths and weaknesses 

that may exist. As a result of our strategy and scenario 

work, we have focused capital on resources with low cost of 

supply, exiting deep water and high emissions intensity gas 

fields while increasing our investments in unconventional 

oil projects. 

and supply markets. We believe that U.S. LNG is well placed 

to provide lower emissions intensity, reliable energy to 

GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY OF
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION¹

European and Asian markets. Our U.S. Gulf LNG partnerships 

also allow for optionality for future offtake from expansion 

trains and access to excess cargos from equity investments. 

Find more details about these projects in the Liquefied 

Natural Gas section.

Cost of Supply and Capital Allocation

Cost of supply is the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) 

equivalent price that generates 10% after‑tax return on a 

point‑forward and fully burdened basis. In our definition, 

100%

80%

60%

40%

cost of supply is fully burdened with capital infrastructure, 

20%

kg  CO2e/BOE

>40

30-40

20-30

10-20

<10

foreign exchange, price‑related inflation, G&A and carbon 

tax (if currently assessed). If no carbon tax exists for the 

asset, carbon pricing aligned with internal energy scenarios 

is applied. Cost of supply is the primary metric that we use 

0%

2016

2022

2030

1  Chart shows gross operated production as a percentage of the company portfolio 
arranged by GHG intensity. 2030 data is estimated from forecasts current as of 
August 2022 and subject to change.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202247ClimateIn recent years we have dramatically high‑graded our 

portfolio and applied stringent capital allocation criteria 

that direct investments to resources that will best match 

transition demand. We are equally focused on developing 

OIL  PRICES  BY  IEA  SCENARIO1
$/BBL

STATED 
POLICIES2

ANNOUNCED 
PLEDGES3 

NET ZERO 
EMISSIONS4 

assets that have a low cost of supply and low GHG intensity, 

Temperature Outcome

2.5°C

1.7°C

1.5°C

as these are most likely to compete in any future energy 

transition pathway with each asset type contributing to 

its unique market (e.g., unconventionals, LNG, oil sands). 

Based on our current forecasts, our GHG intensity 

will improve over time and assets with less than 10 kg 

CO2e/BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of 
our portfolio by 2030. 

USD5 2022 Real Terms 
in 2022

USD 2022 Real Terms 
in 2030

USD 2022 Real Terms 
in 2050

72 

86

99

72

67

63

72

37

25

1  2021 IEA prices inflated to 2022 dollars to enable direct comparison  

with Cost of Supply figures.

2  Stated Policies Scenario: No new policies.

3  Announced Pledges Scenario: Net-Zero pledges.

4  Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario.

5  U.S. Dollars (USD)

WTI COST OF SUPPLY
$/BBL

$40

$30

$20

$10

0

0

5

10

Resource (BBOE)

15

20

Lower 48

Canada

Alaska

Europe, Middle East and North Africa

Asia Paciﬁc

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202248ClimateCarbon Asset Risk

evaluate and compare investment choices. We fully comply 

Scenario analysis and our Climate Risk Strategy help build 

with rules and regulations, including for reporting natural 

optionality into our strategic plans to reduce the risk of 

gas and oil reserves. In order to meet the Securities and 

stranded assets. Key elements of our climate‑related risk 

Exchange Commission requirement that reserve estimates 

management process include:

be based on current economic conditions, our reported 

•  Considering a range of possible future carbon‑constraint 

reserves are determined by applying a carbon tax only in 

scenarios.

•  Developing strategic alternatives to manage shareholder 

value in a future with uncertain carbon constraints.

•  Testing strategies and asset portfolios in various 

scenarios.

jurisdictions with existing carbon tax requirements. We 

have also increased our disclosure over the years to offer 

investors and stakeholders additional insights into the 

processes and procedures we use to manage climate‑related 

risks, including carbon asset risk.

• 

Incorporating risk mitigation actions into the Long‑Range 

Carbon Price

Plan and Climate Change Action Plan.

We use assumptions of GHG pricing to navigate GHG 

We have taken action to reduce our cost of supply and 

are one of only a few oil and natural gas companies to 

transparently disclose the full cost of supply of our resource 

base. Combined with our belief that we have the lowest 

sustaining capital required to maintain flat production 

among our peers, this demonstrates a competitive advantage 

in reducing carbon asset risk. The cost of supply of our 

resource base supports our assertion that resources with 

the lowest cost of supply are most likely to be developed 

in scenarios with lower demand, such as the IEA’s Net Zero 

Emissions Scenario.

regulations, drive culture shift, encourage energy efficiency 

and low‑carbon investment, and stress test investments. 

In 2022, the company used a range of estimated future 

costs of GHG emissions for internal planning purposes, 

including an estimate of $60 per tonne CO2e as a sensitivity 
to evaluate certain future projects and opportunities. 

We have further developed the methodology by which 

qualifying projects will include assumed or actual GHG 

pricing in their project approval economics and long‑term 

planning. The base case for project approval economics 

and planning will now include either the forecast of existing 

GHG pricing regulations or our current probability‑weighted 

All U.S. publicly traded companies must adhere to a 

energy transition scenario for that jurisdiction, depending 

consistent set of regulations that enable investors to 

on which is higher. Where there is no GHG price regulation, 

COST  OF  COMPLIANCE  WITH  CARBON  LEGISLATION

CLIMATE LEGISLATION

European Emissions Trading Scheme (EUETS)

U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme (U.K. ETS)

Norwegian Carbon Fee

Alberta Technology Innovation and  
Emissions Reduction (TIER)

2022 COST OF COMPLIANCE,  
NET SHARE BEFORE TAX  
($USD APPROX)

OPERATIONS 
SUBJECT TO 
LEGISLATION

PERCENT OF 2022 
PRODUCTION1

$22 million 

$0.6 million 

$36 million 

No costs incurred 

Norway

U.K.

Norway

Canada

Canada

7 

0 

7 

4 

5 

British Columbia and Alberta Carbon Tax

$6 million

1  2022 country production over total production; cost of GHG emissions may only apply to some of our assets or to a portion of our emissions over a set baseline.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202249Climatewe use the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction. 

Natural Gas Initiative and Oil Sands Pathways to Net‑Zero 

We also run two sensitivities:

•  With only existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect 

near‑term cash more accurately.

•  With a sensitivity of $60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress 
test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate 

regulation accelerate.

Alliance. The Natural Gas Initiative is a program led by 

Stanford University researchers with participation from 

industry, government, inter‑governmental organizations and 

foundations. The initiative aims to increase public access to 

information about the accuracy of methane detection and 

quantification technologies.

This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory 

requirements are considered in our planning and 

decision making.

In 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil Sands Pathways 

to Net‑Zero Alliance, which includes Canadian Natural 

Resources, Cenovus Energy, Imperial, MEG Energy and 

Suncor Energy. Together this group represents the 

In addition to the use of carbon pricing in planning and 

companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil 

project economics, we use it in impairment testing, cost of 

sands production. The goal of the alliance is to achieve 

supply calculations, and reserve calculations.

net‑zero GHG emissions from oil sands operations by 

• 

Impairment testing: BU Long‑Range Plan submissions 

are the basis for the assumptions used in our impairment 

testing model for both operated and non‑operated 

assets aligned with the higher of existing regulations 

or the carbon pricing assumptions used in the current 

energy scenario.

2050 to help Canada meet its climate goals, including 

the country’s Paris Agreement commitments and 2050 

net‑zero aspirations, with the help of CCS. ConocoPhillips is 

partnering with governments and the founding members of 

the Alliance to accelerate emissions reduction efforts.

Another way we support technology development is 

•  Cost of supply: On appraised resource volumes in our cost 

through our annual marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) 

of supply model and Long‑Range Plan, we assume the 

higher of the carbon prices from existing regulations or 

those implied by the current scenario where applicable. 

process. The MACC process identifies and prioritizes our 

emissions reduction opportunities from operations based 

on the project’s breakeven cost. This data helps identify 

•  Reserve calculations: In accordance with SEC guidelines, 

projects that might become viable in the future through 

the company does not use an estimated market cost of 

further research, development and deployment. As a result 

GHG emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions 

of this work, we have focused our near‑term technology 

without existing GHG regulations. In jurisdictions where 

investments on reducing both costs and emissions where 

GHG regulations exist we base carbon prices on market 

feasible, such as improving the steam‑to‑oil ratio in the oil 

actuals. In cases where existing carbon prices are not 

sands. Part of a new research and development effort is a 

based on the market but are pre‑set by a regulatory body, 

multilateral well technology pilot, which enables the drilling 

we use the pre‑published prices (e.g. Alberta).

of multiple lateral sections without the need for additional 

Research and Development

Technology will play a major role in addressing GHG 

aboveground capital or additional steam injection, thereby 

reducing emissions intensity and operating costs. 

emissions, whether through reducing emissions or lowering 

Over the past five years we have spent more than 

the energy intensity of our operations or value chain. As 

$550 million on research and development, equipment, 

discussed in our External Collaboration and Engagement 

products and services which have reduced our GHG 

and Public Policy sections, we participate in a number 

emissions. Read more about MACC.

of research and industry initiatives, two of which are the 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202250ClimateFinancial Planning

We take climate‑related issues into account in our financial 

planning in several ways. We focus on the fundamental 

characteristics that drive competitive advantage in a 

commodity business — a low sustaining price, low cost of 

supply, low decline rates and low capital intensity that drive 

Capital Expenditures and Operating Costs

New or changing climate‑related policy can impact our 

costs, demand for fossil fuels, the cost and availability of 

capital and exposure to litigation. The long‑term impact on 

our financial performance, either positive or negative, will 

depend on several factors, including:

free cash flow, capital flexibility and a strong balance sheet. 

•  Extent and timing of policy.

We have aligned a description of the potential impacts on 

• 

Implementation details such as cap‑and‑trade or an 

financial planning with the recommendations of the TCFD 

emissions tax or fee system.

and included additional descriptions of strategic measures 

•  Supply‑  and demand‑side renewable fuels or energy 

we take to mitigate impacts.

Commodity Prices

efficiency mandates.

•  GHG reductions required.

In the short‑to‑medium term, we use a range of commodity 

•  Level of carbon price.

prices derived from our scenario work. In the longer term 

our scenarios provide insight into the possibilities for future 

supply, demand and price of key commodities. This helps us 

understand a range of risk around commodity prices, and the 

potential price risk associated with various GHG reduction 

scenarios. History has shown an interdependency between 

commodity prices and operating and capital costs. In the 

•  Price, availability and allowability of offsets.

•  Amount and allocation of allowances.

•  Technological and scientific developments leading to new 

products or services.

•  Potential physical climate effects, such as increased 

severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes 

past, lower commodity prices have driven down operating 

in temperature.

and capital costs, whereas the opposite has been true when 

•  Extent to which increased compliance costs are reflected 

commodity prices have risen.

in the prices of our products and services.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

EXPENSES

16,000

14,000

12,000

10,000

M
M
$

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

110

100

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

20

10

0

L
B
B
/
$

E
O
B
/
$

18.0

16.0

14.0

12.0

10.0

8.0

6.0

4.0

2.0

0.0

110

90

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

20

10

0

L
B
B
/
$

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Average Oil Price, $/BBL

Capital Expenditures and Investments, $MM

Average Oil Price, $/BBL

Expenses, $/BOE Produced

Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of $10.2B includes base capital 
of $8.1B and $2.1B of acquisition and other capital.

Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of $10.2B includes base capital 
of $8.1B and $2.1B of acquisition and other capital.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202251ClimateThe long‑term financial impact from GHG regulations 

is impossible to predict accurately, but we expect the 

geographical reach of regulations and their associated costs 

to increase over time. We model such increases and test our 

portfolio in our long‑term transition scenarios.

Contributing to the 
Energy Transition

ConocoPhillips is also focused on participating in and 

contributing to an orderly energy transition and creating 

Our strategy is also made more robust by discipline in capital 

business value through differentiated products, business 

and operating costs. When oil prices started dropping in 

adjacencies, low‑carbon opportunities and mitigation 

2014, we were able to respond with changes to short‑  and 

measures. Below we describe our efforts to develop our 

long‑term planning, as well as more cost‑effective and 

liquefied natural gas portfolio and low‑carbon opportunities 

efficient operations.

like CCS and hydrogen.

Reputation and Access to Capital

In addition to considering cost of supply, portfolio resilience 

and cost of carbon, we also strive to compete more 

effectively by earning the confidence and trust of the 

communities in which we operate, as well as our equity and 

debt holders. We consider how our relative environmental, 

social and governance performance could affect our 

standing with investors and the financial sector, including 

Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)

ConocoPhillips has a 60‑year history of leadership in LNG 

and LNG technology. While LNG is still considered part of our 

traditional oil and gas business, its prominence is increasing 

in global energy markets. We view LNG as an important 

component of responsibly meeting energy transition demand 

in the coming decades. 

banks and credit‑rating agencies. An important priority in our 

The use of natural gas in place of coal and refined products 

corporate strategy has been to pay down debt and target an 

represents a specific opportunity for significant reductions 

“A” credit rating to maintain, facilitate and ensure access to 

in end‑use GHG emissions across the globe and it is a key 

capital through commodity price cycles. 

contribution to the energy transition. We expect LNG to play 

Financial Position

Material information related to our financial position, 

including material climate‑related matters, is disclosed in 

our most recently filed periodic report on Form 10-K and 

subsequent filings on Form 10‑Q. Discussion of material 

climate‑related factors includes, but is not limited to, 

disclosures under the heading “Risk Factors” and within the 

section “Contingencies—Company Response to Climate‑

Related Risks.”

an increasingly important role in the global energy mix, as 

it has lower GHG emissions than traditional hydrocarbon 

resources like coal used for electricity generation. 

ConocoPhillips will leverage its existing strengths in natural 

gas marketing and trading in support of its growing global 

LNG portfolio to meet transition demand and energy 

security needs. 

In 2022, we grew our LNG portfolio in several key areas. In 

February 2022, we completed the purchase of an additional 

10% shareholding interest in APLNG from Origin Energy, 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202252Climateexpanding our total equity share to 47.5%. This additional 

(NFE) and the North Field South (NFS) LNG projects. As of 

stake demonstrates our commitment to provide a reliable 

December 2022, following the satisfaction of the conditions 

and efficient supply of natural gas to the growing Asia 

precedent, we have a 25% shareholding interest in Qatar 

Pacific market and to Australia’s east coast gas market. In 

Liquified Gas Company Limited (8) (QG8), which has a 

early 2023, we entered into an agreement to purchase up to 

12.5% interest in the NFE project. In early 2023, subject to 

an additional 2.49% shareholding interest for a total interest 

regulatory approvals, we expect to complete the acquisition 

of up to 49.99%.5 

In July 2022, we invested in a new large‑scale LNG facility 

under development by Sempra Infrastructure, a subsidiary 

of Sempra Energy, in Jefferson County, Texas. We entered 

into an agreement to acquire a 30% direct equity holding in 

Port Arthur Liquefaction Holdings, LLC, as well as 5 MTPA 

LNG offtake from the Port Arthur LNG project. The first 

of a 25% interest in Qatar Liquified Gas Company Limited 

(12) (QG12), which has a 25% interest in the NFS project. 

In November 2022, ConocoPhillips and QatarEnergy 

announced an agreement to responsibly and reliably supply 

secure, long‑term LNG to Germany. First delivery from NFE 

is expected in 2026 to the recently announced German LNG 

Terminal at Brunsbüttel. 

phase of the project is expected to include two liquefaction 

In addition to these specific projects, we are one of the 

trains, LNG storage tanks and associated facilities. Our 

largest natural gas producers and marketers in North 

position as one of the largest natural gas marketers in North 

America, and we have licensed our liquefaction Optimized 

America enables us to provide feedstock supply. Entering 

Cascade® Process in 27 trains around the world. This 

this agreement with Sempra provides us with a ground‑floor 

liquefaction process simplifies modularization and reduces 

opportunity to participate in a premier LNG development, 

liquefaction equipment counts, resulting in a smaller facility 

reinforcing our commitment to help solve the world’s energy 

footprint and lower GHG emissions.

supply needs and seeking to strengthen U.S. and global 

energy security as we transition to a lower carbon future. 

Further, equity ownership in the Port Arthur LNG project 

provides options for ConocoPhillips to participate in future 

expansions and lower carbon activities, including CCS, in 

line with our own strategic initiatives as we continue to 

monitor the energy transition pathway. The project reached 

final investment decision in early 2023, and we finalized our 

equity investment in the project.

In the second half of 2022, ConocoPhillips signed 

agreements forming two new joint ventures with 

QatarEnergy that will participate in the North Field East 

In 2022, we supplied Asian markets with approximately 

0.36 trillion cubic feet (or nearly 1 billion cubic feet per day) 

of natural gas and LNG. To put this in perspective, if all the 

natural gas and LNG we sold to Asia in 2022 had been used 

to replace coal for electricity generation, GHG emissions 

would have been reduced by approximately 22 million metric 

tonnes, almost 1.5 times more than the company’s combined 

Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the year, based on EPA 

GHG emissions factors.

5  Subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202253ClimateLow Carbon Opportunities

In early 2021, we established a multi‑disciplinary Low Carbon 

Technologies organization. The organization’s remit is to 

support our net‑zero ambition on Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 

LOW CARBON OPPORTUNITIES1

The company has advanced its low carbon positions through a 
variety of research and development activities.

2021

2022

2023

understand the low‑carbon energy landscape and prioritize 

Support academic research

opportunities for future competitive investment. We are 

Engage in joint industry projects

approaching this effort with the same discipline we follow 

in our traditional business investment and capital allocation 

process. This includes keeping costs low, leveraging 

competencies, identifying viable economic opportunities and 

anticipating and managing risk while focusing on projects 

with competitive returns potential. 

Invest in enabling technologies

High-grade opportunities

Appraise and build CCS positions

Initiate hydrogen feasibility studies

Conduct CCS feasibility studies

Initiate CCS pre-FEED studies

We are working with organizations in R&D and 
academia and industry collaborations focused on CCS, 
renewables, energy efficiency, electrification and 
hydrogen generation, deployment and transportation to 
advance low carbon opportunities around the globe.

1  Shading indicates increasing planned intensity and maturity of our actions over time. 

2023 activities are planned.

Carbon Capture and Storage 

Carbon capture and storage involves capturing CO2 from 
concentrated sources — such as power plants or industrial 

sources — preprocessing, compressing, transporting and 

injecting the CO2 into geologic formations underground and 
monitoring the storage site. This process helps reduce the 

amount of CO2 released into the atmosphere. 

ConocoPhillips is leveraging our unique land position, 

technical expertise, project development skills and safety 

commitment to evaluate future cost‑effective and permanent 

carbon storage services. We have assembled an internal 

team of subsurface and surface experts, with support 

from our Land, Regulatory, Legal, Government Affairs, 

Commercial, Environmental and Sustainable Development 

and Stakeholder Relations teams, and are actively engaged 

in subsurface characterization, business development, 

appraisal planning and land acquisition.

We recognize the important role that carbon capture and 

CCS hubs should enable access to a diverse source of 

storage (CCS) and hydrogen could play in decarbonizing the 

industrial customers, reducing both the reliance on a single 

global economy. We intend to apply our disciplined approach 

to development of these new opportunities through clear 

source of CO2 supply and the risk of asset stranding. We are 
evaluating an opportunity to participate in the creation of a 

investment criteria and a focused strategy. We have 

CCS hub for industrial sites along the U.S. Gulf Coast. This 

prioritized opportunities in these technologies as they offer 

hub could offer cost advantages and risk mitigations and can 

potential for competitive returns and align closely with our 

be modified to meet increasing demand. The Gulf Coast’s 

technical competencies and global reach. Since 2021, we 

large, concentrated industrial emissions sources, coupled 

have advanced our positions in both technologies, including 

with significant subsurface storage capacity in Texas and 

offering support to drive innovation, described in more detail 

Louisiana, could make it an ideal location for a hub structure. 

in the following sections.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202254Climate 
Long‑term off‑take agreements would need to be signed 

business — hydrogen from natural gas with associated CCS 

with industrial emitters who are looking to address their 

(“blue hydrogen”) and hydrogen from the electrolysis of 

emissions to meet long‑term GHG reduction targets, current 

water using electricity from renewables (“green hydrogen”).

carbon credits and future possible credits or taxes.

We are evaluating optimum locations for low‑cost hydrogen 

As part of this work, we identified a 25,000‑acre portion 

manufacturing as well as the best means to deliver it to 

of our more than 600,000‑acre position in southeast 

market. Success factors for blue hydrogen are a reliable 

Louisiana as a potential hub for CCS services. The area may 

supply of low‑cost natural gas and proximity to subsurface 

be well‑suited to serve industrial sites located along the 

sites suitable for CCS. For green hydrogen, the success 

Mississippi River corridor. Additionally, ConocoPhillips is in 

factors are low‑cost supplies of renewable electricity, water 

negotiations with landowners along the Texas and Louisiana 

and large‑scale electrolysis.

Gulf Coast for additional rights to sequester CO2. The team 
is also negotiating with large industrial customers near the 

proposed land positions to provide baseload CO2 streams to 
each of the hubs.

Technologies for manufacturing both blue and green 

hydrogen are rapidly evolving, and, as with CCS, we are 

pursuing various ways to access these technologies and 

qualify them for use. Over the last year, we have made 

ConocoPhillips will continue to evaluate development of 

early investments in enabling hydrogen technologies. 

low‑carbon projects, including a CCS project as part of the 

Leveraging our global reach and our technical expertise, we 

previously described LNG work with Sempra Infrastructure. 

are evaluating and high‑grading hydrogen production and 

At ConocoPhillips (U.K.) Teesside Operator Limited, we are 

collaborating with industry partners and the government 

marketing opportunities, including ammonia as a hydrogen 

carrier, both domestically and globally. 

to study ongoing joint regional environmental initiatives, 

In early 2022, we made an investment to support the 

including evaluating the ConocoPhillips‑operated Teesside 

development of a novel turquoise hydrogen production 

Oil Terminal as a site for industrial carbon capture. An 

technology from Ekona Power Inc., a Vancouver‑based 

engineering study was completed in early 2023, and we 

hydrogen technology venture. Ekona’s new methane 

remain open to any future opportunities regarding expansion 

pyrolysis technology platform is expected to produce 

of carbon capture and storage clusters in the area.

low‑cost hydrogen from methane. The technology converts 

Finally, we are a member of the Pathways Alliance, a group 

of Canada’s largest oil sands producers working together to 

address climate change by achieving net‑zero operational 

emissions by 2050. One of the key pathways to achieving 

net‑zero operational emissions is through the proposed 

existing methane streams into hydrogen and solid carbon 

to reduce CO2 emissions when applied. This investment 
represents an opportunity to leverage our existing 

infrastructure and create optionality at the front end of new 

technologies that will be important to the future of energy.

foundational project, which includes a carbon capture 

In September 2022, Japanese energy company JERA 

and storage network to transport captured CO2 from oil 
sands facilities and sequester it deep underground at a 

storage hub.

Hydrogen 

announced a collaboration with ConocoPhillips to evaluate 

the development of green and blue ammonia from the U.S. 

Gulf Coast. We are working to facilitate the development 

of low‑carbon ammonia production to accelerate the 

availability and supply of low‑carbon fuels from the 

ConocoPhillips is also evaluating technologies that will 

U.S. for use in the U.S., Europe, Japan and greater Asia. 

enable the cost‑effective production of hydrogen. We have 

A project engineering study is underway to evaluate this 

identified two types of hydrogen manufacturing for bulk 

landmark opportunity. 

fuel supplies in both hydrogen and ammonia form that have 

technical and commercial adjacencies with the company’s 

core competencies and the potential to grow into a scalable 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202255ClimateRisk Management

this “early warning” system to inform our strategies in 

a timely manner so that we can identify and implement 

We utilize an integrated management system approach to 

effective mitigation measures. The scenario monitoring 

identify, assess, characterize and manage climate‑related 

system helps us understand the pace and direction of the 

risks. This system links directly to the enterprise risk 

energy transition. For example, if regulations and technology 

management (ERM) process, which includes an annual risk 

were moving more quickly than in our scenarios, this would 

review by the Executive Leadership Team and the Board 

indicate that we might be moving to a 1.5‑degree scenario 

of Directors.

Assessing Climate-
Related Risks

The diagram below illustrates how we assess climate‑

related physical and transition risks for operations, 

developments and new major projects. 

similar to the range identified in the IPCC “1.5 degree” 

report, and we would evaluate appropriate pathways. In our 

resiliency workshops, we use externally produced scenarios 

that describe the range of possible future physical risk.

SD Risk Management Standard Annual 
Assessment

As part of the annual risk management process mandated 

by our SD Risk Management Standard, we examine operated 

To understand long‑term risk and mitigation options, we 

assets and major projects against the physical, social and 

utilize four scenarios as described in the Scenario Planning 

political settings of our operations. Subject matter experts 

at ConocoPhillips section. This scenario approach helps 

in each business unit (BU) and project identify and describe 

us evaluate distinct outcomes related to the potential 

climate‑related risks.

timing and intensity of government climate change policy 

development, the pace of alternative energy technology 

development and trends in consumer behavior. This 

information is then used to shape our analysis and 

consideration of various outcomes for policy, technology 

and market risk.

We periodically review emerging climate‑related risks with 

our Executive Leadership Team as part of our scenario 

Each risk is then assessed using a matrix that evaluates 

both its likelihood and consequence. Risks rated significant 

or high are included in the corporate SD Risk Register. In 

evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential 

impacts on employee and public safety, sociocultural and 

economic impacts to stakeholders, environmental impact, 

and reputational and financial implications.

monitoring system, managed by our Chief Economist’s 

As part of the process, we examine the interdependence 

Office. A cross‑functional team enters events into a 

of risks and work to identify emerging risks such as new 

centralized database that is reviewed regularly for 

regulatory requirements and emerging greenhouse gas 

indications that risks are changing or developing. We use 

(GHG) pricing regimes.

SD Risk
Management
Standard

Resiliency
Workshops

Climate-Related
Risk Assessment

Project
Authorization

Operations and Development

Major Projects

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202256ClimateResiliency Planning Workshops

We assess climate‑related risks early in the project 

We facilitate resiliency planning workshops within business 

engineering stage to better inform our investment decisions 

units to identify and assess the risks and opportunities 

and facility design. The ConocoPhillips Health, Safety and 

associated with the physical impacts of changing climate 

Environment (HSE) and Social Issues Due Diligence Standard 

and the potential technology and solutions to mitigate risks 

also provides further guidance on accounting for sustainable 

and leverage opportunities. These workshops are conducted 

development issues for new acquisitions, new business 

on a periodic basis aligned with our Capital Projects 

ventures, joint ventures and property transactions.

Management System stage gate approval process to ensure 

that our operations have access to up‑to‑date science 

provided by qualified consultants to inform their engineering 

and infrastructure decisions.

Project Authorization

Our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying 

projects to include GHG pricing in their project approval 

economics. The base case for project approval economics 

Climate-Related Risk Assessment

now includes the higher of the forecast of existing 

A climate‑related risk assessment is conducted on any 

future project development that costs more than $50 

million net and is expected to emit more than 25,000 

metric tons CO2 equivalent (TeCO2e) net to ConocoPhillips 
during any year of its operational lifespan. This assessment 

regulations and the current transition scenario for that 

jurisdiction. Where there is no GHG price regulation, we use 

the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction. We also 

run two sensitivities:

•  With existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect near‑

is mandatory for investment approval in our project 

term cash more accurately.

authorization process. Project teams for qualifying projects 

are required to assess the potential risks and opportunities 

associated with GHG emissions, GHG regulation and a 

physically changing climate based on local jurisdictions and 

•  With a sensitivity of $60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress 
test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate 

regulation accelerate.

geographies as opposed to relying solely on our corporate 

This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory 

scenarios. The climate risk assessment guidelines provide a 

requirements are considered in our planning and 

framework for project teams to:

decision making.

•  Forecast operational GHG emissions for the life of the 

project.

•  Evaluate climate‑related risks and opportunities, including 

physical and transition risks that apply to the project.

•  Make decisions on GHG emissions control in project 

design, including energy efficiency solutions, power 

source selection, emissions management, carbon capture 

and storage/utilization, and external compliance options 

such as the purchase or origination of GHG offsets.

•  Evaluate the potential cost of GHG emissions in project 

economics.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202257ClimateManaging Climate-
Related Risks

Our climate‑related risk management process is designed to 

Finally, the ConocoPhillips Long‑Range Plan provides the 

data that underlies our corporate strategy and enables us to 

test our portfolio of projects against our climate‑related risk 

scenarios, and thus make better‑informed strategic decisions.

drive appropriate action for adapting to a range of possible 

Integrating climate‑related risk into our corporate strategy 

future scenarios. Through integrated planning and decision 

and Long‑Range Plan results in outcomes and activities 

making, we develop mitigation plans for climate‑related risk, 

such as:

track performance against our goals and adjust our plans as 

we learn and conditions evolve.

Local risks and opportunities related to our operations and 

projects are assessed and managed at the BU level, enabling 

tailored business goals to address the challenges and 

•  Reducing the sustaining price of the company — the 

equivalent WTI price at which cash provided by operating 

activities covers capital expenditures that sustain our 

production at current levels and the ordinary dividend.

•  Lowering the cost of supply to manage market risk and 

opportunities unique to each region’s operations. Reporting 

improve returns.

and overarching climate‑related risks, such as GHG target‑

•  Maintaining a diversified portfolio of projects and 

setting and prioritization of global emissions‑abatement 

opportunities to mitigate geographical and geological 

projects, are managed at the corporate level.

risks.

The diagram below shows a simplified process flow of our 

climate‑related risk management process.

The objective of our Climate Risk Strategy is to manage 

climate‑related risk, optimize opportunities and equip 

the company to respond to changes in key uncertainties, 

including government policies around the world, emissions 

reduction technologies, alternative energy technologies 

and changes in consumer trends. The strategy sets out our 

choices around portfolio composition, emissions reductions, 

targets and incentives, emissions‑related technology 

development, and our climate‑related policy and finance 

sector engagement. 

•  Diversifying our portfolio to include assets with lower 

decline rates and low capital intensity to drive higher free 

cash flow yields.

•  Developing technologies that reduce both costs and 

emissions.

•  Pursuing competitive opportunities in LNG, CCS and 

hydrogen.

•  Monitoring alternative energy technologies.

SD Risk Management
Standard including SD
Risk Register

Climate Change
Action Plan

Corporate Strategy
including Climate-Related
Risk Strategy

Enterprise Risk
Management System

Long-Range Plan

Other Non-SD Risks

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202258ClimateIntegrating Climate-
Related Risks into ERM

Climate‑related risks from the corporate SD Risk Register 

are mapped to key categories in the enterprise risk 

management process (ERM).

Descriptions of these risks and mitigation measures 

from the Climate Change Action Plan are shared with 

ERM risk owners to inform their assessments of risk 

ranking, corporate actions and mitigations. Each risk 

owner evaluates and prioritizes risks in their area based 

on likelihood and consequences, thereby determining the 

relative significance of climate‑related risks in relation to 

other enterprise risks.

The ERM process is a direct input into our strategic 

planning process. By identifying major cross‑cutting 

risks and trends, we closely link action plan efforts to key 

performance issues and address and mitigate identified 

risks. The board regularly reviews the ERM system and 

Required regulatory disclosures on financial reporting and 

information deemed material and useful for investor decision 

making is presented in our filings with the Securities and 

Exchange Commission (SEC).

SD Risk Management 
Process

The SD risk management process ensures that a Climate 

Change Action Plan is developed to track mitigation activities 

for each climate‑related risk included in the corporate SD Risk 

Register. This plan includes details about our commitments, 

related responsibilities, resources and milestones. 

As part of annual updates to the register, we evaluate the 

Action Plan and its effectiveness and make decisions to 

continue mitigation measures, add new measures or simply 

monitor the risk for further developments. The table below 

lists our key SD risk management streams, their scope 

and purpose.

mitigation actions.

Read more about our SD Risk Register and Climate Change 

Action Plan.

SD RISK MANAGEMENT STREAMS

SCOPE

DESCRIPTION

Corporate strategy

Corporate/portfolio

Climate Risk Strategy

Corporate/portfolio

GHG emissions intensity target

Long‑Range Plan

Business units and 
qualifying projects

Corporate/portfolio

Defines the company’s direction for exploration and development, 
including portfolio, capital allocation and cost structure.

Identifies options to reduce and mitigate climate‑related risks as 
policies, markets and technologies develop over time.

Drives actions, reviews and management of future policy and 
market risk.

Forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering our 
proposed portfolio development and performance, including 
production, costs, cash flows and emissions.

Marginal abatement cost curve 
(MACC)

SD risk management process

Business units

Prioritizes and funds GHG emissions reduction projects across 
our business units based on cost and emissions abated.

Corporate, business units 
and qualifying projects

Records all SD‑related risks that are prioritized as significant and 
high in the SD Risk Register to ensure that the mitigation progress 
is reported and issues are managed effectively.

Climate Change Action Plan

Corporate, business units 
and qualifying projects

Records mitigation actions, milestones and progress in managing 
climate‑related risks from the SD Risk Register.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202259ClimatePerformance Metrics 
and Targets

In 2020, we adopted a Paris‑aligned climate‑related risk 

framework with an ambition to reduce our operational 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to net‑zero by 2050. 

To that end, we calculate key metrics and use targets to 

measure and monitor our performance and progress in 

managing climate‑related risks and opportunities in line with 

our strategy and risk management process. These include:

•  GHG emissions intensity target.

•  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

•  Metrics for methane, flaring and water.

We believe these metrics and targets are the most useful 

in managing climate‑related risks and opportunities 

and monitoring performance. Highlights of our 2022 

performance compared to 2021 (on a gross operated basis) 

include:

•  Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity declined 14% to 

23.3kg CO2e/BOE.

•  Methane intensity declined 4% to 2.5kg CO2e/BOE.

•  Flaring intensity decreased 12% to 25.9 MMCF/MMBOE 

(total flaring volume per total production). 

TOTAL GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS 
AND INTENSITY

41.0

26.8

36.5

34.3

26.9

23.3

20.5

18.7

16.2

16.0

2016

2019

2020

2021

2022

kg CO2e/BOE

Million Tonnes CO2 Equivalent

2020 GHG emissions were lower as a result of COVID-impacted 
production curtailment.

Our total GHG intensity metrics generally show an 

improvement over time. The decrease in absolute emissions 

compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the divestment of 

our Indonesia asset.

We have also committed to near‑, medium‑  and long‑term 

targets for reducing operational (Scope 1 and 2) emissions 

over which the company has ownership and control. These 

targets include:

TOTAL GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS
Percent of Total Company

•  Achieving our stated ambition to reach net‑zero emissions 

for Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.

6.9% CO2  from
Imported Electricity

11.1% Methane
(CO2e)

82.6% CO2
from Operations

N2O represents only about 0.1% of our gross operated emissions 
and is not represented here.

•  Strengthening our previously announced operational GHG 

emissions intensity reduction target to 50‑60% by 2030 

on both a gross operated and net equity basis.

•  Achieving near‑zero methane emissions intensity by 

2030. This goal was set in response to meeting our 10% 

methane emissions intensity target four years early.

•  Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five 

years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202260ClimateOur ambition to achieve net‑zero operational emissions by 

2050 is set on an absolute emissions basis, while the rest of 

our target framework for near‑  and medium‑term targets 

is set on an intensity basis. Intensity targets better apply 

to the E&P sector’s dynamic business environment where 

plans, technology, prices, industry structure and costs all 

KEY  CONTENT  LINKS 

Our Performance Metrics section provides 
the metrics included in this section in tabular 

change rapidly. Intensity targets are more durable and allow 

format.

a company to change its plans to maintain a competitive 

portfolio without also having to repeatedly reset targets. 

Our metrics are also linked to key 

frameworks such as SASB, GRI/Ipieca/UNGP 

Beyond 2030, many uncertainties influence our ability to 

and TCFD.

set specific future commitments and achieve our net‑zero 

operational emissions ambition. Examples include:

•  Pace of development of currently undeveloped 

technologies.

•  Country‑driven climate policy.

•  Permitting and regulatory changes that may impair ability 

to execute current or future plans.

•  Pricing, verifiability and availability of offsets; offset 

market developments.

•  Potential revisions to emissions estimates and reduction 

SCOPE 1 –  Direct GHG emissions from 
sources owned or controlled by ConocoPhillips.

SCOPE 2 –  GHG emissions from the 
generation of purchased electricity consumed 

goals as measurement technologies advance.

by ConocoPhillips.

•  Success and rate of return of nascent low carbon 

investments, technologies and markets.

Scenario modeling and analysis helps to identify key 

SCOPE 3 –  All other indirect GHG emissions 
as a result of ConocoPhillips’ activities, from 

sources not owned or controlled by the 

uncertainties to be managed. We also recognize that future 

company, including emissions from the end use 

policy and regulatory efforts may supersede company 

of oil and gas products by consumers.

net‑zero targets as governments set and refine their own 

Nationally Determined Contributions. As such, we recognize 

that our pathway and targets may not be the same as other 

companies due to differences in asset mix, geographies, 

risks and opportunities.

Read more about the principles surrounding our approach to 

target setting.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202261ClimateEmissions Reduction 
Targets and Performance

GHG emissions management is an expected core 

competency for our business units (BUs) managing oil and 

gas production. Those BUs are required to review their GHG 

emissions profile and identify opportunities to make design 

and operating improvements that can reduce emissions. 

All data presented herein is from January 1 to December 31, 

2022. Footnotes to our performance metrics outline the 

scope and methodologies of our data reporting. The 

minimum boundary for reporting on environmental priorities 

is the assets we operate. Current and updated targets and 

ambitions are outlined in near‑, medium‑  and long‑term 

timeframes, followed by examples of emissions reduction 

projects in our business units.

Potential GHG emissions reduction projects are reviewed 

These targets inform internal emissions reduction goals at 

within our annual budget planning process and assessed 

the business unit level and support innovation on efficiency, 

against pre‑determined selection criteria, including cost 

emissions reduction, GHG regulatory risk mitigation and 

per tonne of CO2e abated. We call this annual exercise our 
marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) process, described in 

more detail within this section of the report.

climate‑related risk management throughout the life cycle 

of our assets.

PATHWAY TO NET-ZERO¹
Emissions Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)

50

40

30

20

10

0

2016

50%
Reduction
60%
Reduction

2022

2030

2050

Gross Operated 

Net Equity 

Near-Term (2025)

•  Zero routine flaring by 2025²

Medium-Term (2030)

•  NEW: Reduce GHG intensity 50-60% (from 40-50%)³
•  Near-zero methane intensity target <1.5 kg CO2e/BOE

Long-Term (2050)

•  Net-zero emissions ambition¹

1  Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a gross operated and net equity basis. 

2  Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years sooner than the World Bank initiative’s goal of 2030. 

3  Reduction from a 2016 baseline. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202262ClimateNear-Term Emissions Reductions 
(By 2025)

Our near‑term targets have a priority focus on flaring and 

methane emissions. 

Our 2025 targets are as follows:

•  ACHIEVED IN 2021: Meet a 10% methane emissions 

intensity reduction target by 2025 from a 2019 baseline. 

•  Achieve a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years 

sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.

Methane 

Our methane emissions reductions come from voluntary 

reduction activities and from portfolio changes. Our absolute 

methane emissions decreased in 2022 due to the disposition 

of our Indonesian and non-core Lower 48 assets, reduced 

flare volumes, improved detection of fugitive emissions and 

data quality improvements.

In 2022, methane emissions totaled 1.7 million tonnes of 

CO2e and constituted approximately 11% of our total GHG 
emissions.

By year‑end 2021, we achieved a 13% reduction of intensity 

from 2019, surpassing our 2025 target four years early 

with an intensity of 2.6 kg CO2e/BOE. As of year‑end 2022, 
we have achieved an approximate 70% methane emissions 

intensity reduction from 2015 with an intensity of 2.5 kg 
CO2e/BOE.6 

TOTAL GROSS OPERATED METHANE 
EMISSIONS
Global Warming Potential = 25

6.1

1.7

1.6

1.8

1.7

GROSS OPERATED METHANE EMISSIONS 
INTENSITY PROGRESS
kg CO2e/BOE

10

9

8

7

6

5

4

3

2

1

0

8.8

-5.8

ACHIEVED:
2025 10% 
Reduction from 
2019 Baseline

3.0

-0.5

2.5

2.7

Acquisitions 
and 
Divestments 
and Voluntary 
Methane 
Reductions

2015

Initial
Reductions

2019

Additional
Reductions

2022

2025

Total

Reductions

Reducing methane emissions, even the small equipment 

leaks known as fugitive emissions, is a key part of our 

operations. Leak detection and repair (LDAR) is a work 

practice used to identify and repair leaking components, 

including valves, compressors, pumps, tanks and 

connectors, in order to reduce GHG emissions and increase 

efficiency. We fix leaks as soon as feasible, with many 

leaks repaired either the same day or within a few days of 

being detected. We have been voluntarily conducting pilots 

of new technologies at numerous facilities to determine 

effectiveness and scalability of next‑generation detection 

technologies. This has included a wide range of ground‑

based and aerial technologies, each providing different 

strengths for different monitoring applications. The main 

objective with these technology pilots is to expeditiously 

identify, investigate and repair leaks associated with 

malfunctions and abnormal operating conditions, resulting 

in faster emissions mitigation. We continue to work with 

technology providers to develop and test technologies, and 

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022

we expect improvements over time.

Million Tonnes CO2 Equivalent

6  While 2019 is the formal baseline for our methane emissions intensity target, we also compare performance to 2015 to show longer-term progress. 2015 is an important milestone year for 

international organizations like the UN-led Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 that aim to achieve a 45% methane emissions reduction by 2025 from 2015 levels.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202263ClimateFlaring

Flaring is a regulated process for the controlled release 

and burning of natural gas during oil and gas exploration, 

production and processing operations. Flaring is required 

to safely dispose of flammable gas released during process 

upsets or other unplanned events and to safely relieve 

pressure before performing equipment maintenance. Flaring 

is also used to control and reduce emissions of volatile 

organic compounds from oil and condensate storage tanks, 

and to manage emissions at well sites that lack sufficient 

pipeline infrastructure to capture gas for sale.

While flaring emissions make up only about 10% of our total 

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, the target will drive continued 

near‑term focus on routine flaring reductions across 

our assets. 

In 2022, the total volume of flared gas was 17.9 BCF, a 

decrease of 13% from 2021. The decrease was a result of 

decreased flaring in Eagle Ford, Norway and Alaska as 

well as the disposition of our Indonesia asset. In Eagle Ford, 

decreased flaring was attributable to flare decommissioning, 

better accounting of flare outage periods, and use of wellsite 

fuel meters. In addition to reduced flare volumes, flaring 

ConocoPhillips is committed to the World Bank Zero Routine 

intensity also decreased 12%. 

Flaring by 2030 Initiative, a program that aims to create 

consistency among governments, the oil and gas sector and 

development institutions to address flaring.7 In 2022, based 

on our flaring reductions to date, we committed to achieving 

zero routine flaring by 2025, five years in advance of the 

World Bank goal, and we continue to make strong progress. 

In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% compared 

to 2021 through active well management to shut in wells 

during capacity constraint events. Other projects focus on 

Having made significant progress in addressing routine 

flaring, our future focus will shift to non‑routine and 

safety flaring. These sources of flaring present economic 

challenges due to the dispersed nature of the assets. We will 

continue to review viable options to reduce these sources.

Medium-Term Emissions 
Reductions (By 2030)

treatment of sour gas, flare capture and de‑bottlenecking. 

Methane

Achieving this target is a key near‑term action to achieving 

In July 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil and Gas Methane 

our World Bank goal as well as our net‑zero operational 

Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative, a voluntary, public‑private 

emissions ambition. 

TOTAL GROSS OPERATED FLARING VOLUME

43.8

35.5

24,600

21,200

30.8

14,500

29.5

20,500

25.9

17,900

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

partnership between the United Nations Environment 

Programme, the European Commission, the Environmental 

Defense Fund and over 80 oil and gas companies. OGMP 2.0 

has emerged as a global standard for methane emissions 

measurement and reporting and is aimed at minimizing 

methane emissions from global oil and gas operations. Our 

membership demonstrates our commitment to deliver on our 

methane reduction targets through active collaboration to 

accelerate industry best practices in our operations. 

As part of OGMP 2.0, we plan to report methane 

emissions for all material sources from both operated and 

non‑operated assets according to our reporting boundaries. 

In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate 

source‑level and site‑level measurements when estimating 

methane emissions from our operations. In conjunction 

with these commitments and in response to achieving our 

near‑term methane target four years early, we have set a 

Million Cubic Feet/Million BOE

Million Cubic Feet

new medium‑term target to achieve a near‑zero methane 

emissions intensity by 2030. This near‑zero target is defined 

 7  Routine flaring is defined as flaring of associated gas that occurs during the normal production of oil in the absence of sufficient facilities to utilize the gas onsite, dispatch it to a market or 

re-inject it. Flaring for safety reasons, non-routine flaring or flaring gas other than associated gas is not included as part of the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring Initiative.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202264Climateas 1.5kg CO2e/BOE or approximately 0.15% of natural gas 
produced. The target includes emissions that are related to 

The company has already progressed toward meeting 

this target over the past several years. Between 2016 and 

production and excludes emissions from our aviation and 

2022, we achieved a 41% intensity reduction on a target‑

polar tankers fleets.

related, gross operated basis through a combination of 

specific emissions reduction projects and portfolio changes. 

Continued capital allocation actions are expected to have 

We are one of more than 100 companies 

a combined impact of lowering GHG emissions intensity 

participating in The Environmental Partnership, 

by roughly 9‑19% as we increase production from assets 

a coalition of natural gas and oil companies 

focused on accelerating environmental 

performance improvements from operations 

across the United States. The partnership 

prioritizes managing methane emissions and 

aligns with our focus on emissions reductions 

and high environmental standards.

GHG Emissions

In April 2023, we strengthened our target to 50‑60% 

reduction by 2030 from a 2016 baseline. The target covers 

Scope 1 and Scope 2 gross operated and net equity 

emissions. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and 

emissions intensity calculations directly measure our 

performance and help us understand climate‑related risk. 

Lower intensity assets are more resilient to policy, legal, 

technology and market risk. 

2022 GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY 
TARGET PROGRESS
kg CO2e/BOE

50

45

40

35

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

44.6

39.1

42.3

40.2

35.9

33.8

32.4

26.6

28.5

22.9

2016
Baseline

2019

2020

2021

2022

2030
Target

Gross Operated Intensity

50% Target

Net Equity Intensity

60% Target

with low intensity, such as those in the Permian Basin, and 

achieve reductions from near‑term projects.

GROSS OPERATED PATHWAY TO 50-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGET
kg CO2e/BOE

NET EQUITY PATHWAY TO 50-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGET
kg CO2e/BOE

50

45

40

35

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

41% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022

9-19%

50-60%
Reduction

Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

36% 

Reduction

from

2016 to 2022

14-24%

50-60%

Reduction

Portfolio 

High-grading, 

Acquisitions, 

Divestments 

and Emissions 

Reduction 

Projects

Future Capital 

Allocation to 

Low-GHG 

Production and 

Future 

Emissions 

Reduction 

Projects

50

45

40

35

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

2016

2022

2030

2016

2022

2030

Total

Reductions

50% Target

60% Target

Total

Reductions

50% Target

60% Target

The target includes emissions that are related to 

production and excludes emissions from our aviation 

and polar tankers fleets. This may give rise to small 

differences between the intensity we report for our GHG 

target purposes and the intensity we report for our annual 

metrics. Over the past five years, this difference has been 

less than 2%, or 1 kg CO2e/BOE. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202265ClimateIn 2022, our total gross operated GHG emissions were 

approximately 16.0 million tonnes, a 14% reduction compared 

to 2021. The disposition of our Indonesia asset and some 

smaller Permian dispositions contributed to a decrease in 

absolute emissions in 2022. In addition, we implemented 

various emissions reduction measures across our assets 

during 2022, including reductions in flaring and installation 

of drill site fuel meters.

Equity Based
Operated

45%

GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS CHANGES
GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS CHANGES
Million Tonnes CO2e
Million Tonnes CO2e

Net Equity
GHG
Emissions

Equity Based
Non-Operated

55%

18.7
18.7

-2.7
-2.7

-0.2
-0.2

0.4
0.4

-0.2
-0.2

16.0
16.0

20
20

15
15

10
10

5
5

GROSS OPERATED PATHWAY TO 50-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGET
0
0
2021
kg CO2e/BOE
2021
Emissions
Emissions

Other
Other
Reductions
Reductions

Flare
Flare
Reduction
Reduction

2022
2022
Emissions
Emissions

50

45

Total
Total

Indonesia 
Indonesia 
and
and
Lower 48
Lower 48

Increase
Increase

41% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022

Data
Data
Quality
Quality
Improvements
Improvements

Decrease
Decrease

Net Equity and Non-Operated Emissions
40

In addition to progress against our operational GHG 
35
emissions intensity target, we are also working toward 

reducing our net equity GHG emissions intensity. 
30

Our target-related net equity emissions were about the 
25
same in 2022 compared to 2021, at 18.1 million tonnes 

50-60%
CO2e. This corresponds to a lower target-related net equity 
Reduction
20
intensity of 28.5 kg CO2e/BOE compared to 2021. About 55% 
of our net equity emissions are from non‑operated assets. 
15

9-19%

Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

10

5

0

Because we approach net‑zero as a shared challenge, 

we look to influence our joint operating partners’ climate 

risk strategies and GHG targets and align our emissions 

reduction activity. We engage with our major operating 

partners to align on approaches to managing climate‑

related risk. This includes discussions with QatarEnergy 

and its operating company Qatargas for our LNG 

partnership in Qatar as well as Origin Energy for our 

APLNG business.

NET EQUITY PATHWAY TO 50-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGET
kg CO2e/BOE

36% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022

14-24%

50-60%
Reduction

Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects

50

45

40

35

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

2016

2022

2030

2016

2022

2030

Total

Reductions

50% Target

60% Target

Total

Reductions

50% Target

60% Target

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202266ClimateACHIEVING OUR NET-ZERO OPERATIONAL 
EMISSIONS AMBITION BY 20501

INTERIM TARGETS

Reduce methane
intensity
10% by 2025

Methane intensity2
Near-zero 
by 2030

E
N
A
H
T
E
M

I

N

G Routine ﬂaring3 
Zero by 
2025

R
A
L
F

S
N
O

I

S
S

I

M
E
G
H
G

Reduce gross operated 
GHG emissions intensity
50-60% 
by 2030

Reduce net equity 
GHG emissions intensity 
50-60% 
by 2030

1  Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a gross operated and net equity basis. 
2  Deﬁned as less than 1.5 kg CO2e/BOE or ~0.15% of natural gas production. 
3  In line with the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring initiative.

PROGRESS:
YEAR-END 2022

17% 

reduction from 
2019 baseline

GOAL 
MET

2.5

kg CO2e/BOE2

90%

reduction from 
2021

41% 

reduction from 
2016 baseline

36% 

reduction from 
2016 baseline

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202267Climate 
 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions  
Reduction Activities
Marginal Abatement Cost Curve Process

During our annual budget planning process, we use the 

MACC process to collect potential GHG emissions reduction 

projects from our business units, prioritize them based on 

their cost and reduction volume, and implement the most 

cost‑effective projects. The MACC plots the breakeven cost 

of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reduction, considering 
capital and operating cost, and the potential increased 

through the MACC process with Low Carbon Technologies 

team colleagues, BUs were able to embed emissions 

reduction efforts within their budgets and long‑range 

plans (LRPs). Our goal is to allow innovation, flexibility and 

accountability at the local level while providing support, 

guidance and oversight from corporate peers. This approach 

allows BUs to reprioritize and adjust within their budgets 

to account for regulatory and/or technology changes while 

maintaining consistency in process. This enhances our 

company’s competitive advantage in playing a vital role 

through the energy transition.

revenue for each project against the cumulative GHG 

In 2022, ConocoPhillips spent about $150 million to support 

emissions that can be reduced.

Project funding may be based on criteria including:

•  Cost: Cost per metric ton of CO2e abated.

•  Sustainable reduction: Reduces emissions permanently.

low carbon opportunities and more than 90 emissions 

reduction projects across our global operations through 

the MACC. These projects address improvements relating 

to venting and flaring, electrification, process optimization, 

efficiency, and include strategic pilots and studies. In 2022 

•  Scalability: Can be scaled up to provide additional 

we prioritized methane and flaring projects in support of our 

emissions reductions.

near‑term methane and flaring initiatives.

•  Technology readiness: Systems and processes proven to 

•  Methane venting: Eliminate gas‑driven pneumatics and 

reduce emissions by the forecasted amount. 

modify facilities to reduce gas venting.

•  Repeatability: Can be replicated in other business units.

•  Flaring: Incorporate vapor recovery units at facilities; 

We typically consider projects that are expected to provide 

recover waste gas for sales.

the greatest overall contribution in reducing our GHG 

•  Electrification: Reduce combustion needs on drilling and 

emissions with a low breakeven cost of up to $60/tonne 

completions; electrify operations and pursue renewable 

CO2e, as well as projects that anticipate forthcoming 
regulatory changes. By prioritizing and confirming projects 

energy sources; conduct basin‑wide electrification study 

in the Permian.

INVESTMENTS  WHICH  REDUCED  GHG  EMISSIONS

TECHNOLOGY AREA

STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT

2018-2022 INVESTMENTS

Energy efficiency

Applied research and development

Pilot demonstration

Small‑scale commercial deployment

$5 million

$63 million

$6 million

Large‑scale commercial deployment

$207 million

Methane detection and reduction

Applied research and development

Pilot demonstration

Small‑scale commercial deployment

Large‑scale commercial deployment

Other emissions reductions

Applied research and development

Pilot demonstration

Small‑scale commercial deployment

Large‑scale commercial deployment

$4 million

$2 million

$20 million

$54 million

$8 million

$9 million

$23 million

$163 million

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202268Climate•  Optimization and efficiency: Streamline facilities, tanks 

the bar, the higher the breakeven cost of carbon. When 

and equipment; improve waste heat utilization, insulation 

considering the cost of carbon, projects below the 

and power distribution. Consolidate older tank battery 

$60/tonne breakeven point will generally be considered for 

facilities to modern facilities to take advantage of 

funding. The width of the bar indicates the annual emissions 

existing emissions control equipment while improving 

savings that would occur should the project be undertaken — 

operating efficiency.

the wider the bar, the greater the emissions savings. 

To progress projects and achieve reductions in these 

We have allocated nearly $300 million in the 2023 capital 

areas, we have set up regional teams in North America, 

and operating budgets to energy transition activities, a 

Australia, China and Europe to use the MACC process. 

majority of which will address Scope 1 and 2 emissions 

Output from the MACC informs our annual budget, LRP and 

reduction projects across our global operations selected 

technology strategy.

through this program.

Projects below the line are economic and have a negative 

Scope 1 and 2 reduction activities and MACC projects are 

breakeven cost of carbon.8 Projects above the line are not 

described in the following section. Read more about our 

economic without considering cost of carbon — the taller 

MACC process and the Net‑Zero Roadmap.

MARGINAL ABATEMENT COST CURVE
Breakeven $/ T CO2e

The marginal abatement cost curve below shows current estimates of emissions reductions 
and breakeven cost of carbon of projects sanctioned for 2022 on a gross operated basis.

$200

$150

$100

$50

$–

$(50)

$(100)

$(150)

$(200)

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

1,000

1,100

1,200

Thousand Tonnes CO2e Potential Emissions Reductions Per Year

Electriﬁcation 

Flaring

Methane Detection and Reduction

Operational Efﬁciency

8  New projects with a negative breakeven cost of carbon may continue to be brought forward for consideration each year as we advance our technology and identify possible new angles for 

emissions reductions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202269ClimateMETHANE  DETECTION   
IN  U.S .  OPER ATIONS

ConocoPhillips utilizes a variety of leak detection and repair 

(LDAR) tools to identify and repair methane leaks. First, we 

conduct LDAR surveys as required by NSPS Subpart OOOOa 

and other state regulatory frameworks. Second, we utilize 

various innovative technologies that go above and beyond 

those required by regulations. These innovative technologies 

are deployed at selected assets with the intent of evaluating 

and understanding their limitations and advantages. In 

addition, ConocoPhillips participates in a variety of voluntary 

LDAR programs offered through industry organizations, trade 

associations and joint partnerships. Examples of technologies 

currently in use are summarized below. 

Drone-mounted technology has proven effective in detecting 

and locating the source of leaks due to their low-altitude 

capabilities. We have also utilized airplanes and helicopters 

with mounted sensors to fly over facilities to detect leaks. If 

leaks are suspected, operations personnel follow up to verify 

and repair. Airplane sensors can detect smaller leaks, but our 

experience indicates that their effectiveness at pinpointing 

exact locations can be diminished in areas where other 

facilities are in close proximity. ConocoPhillips has worked 

with Scientific Aviation and Bridger Photonics to fly fixed-

wing aircraft carrying detection technology over our Lower 48 

assets. We have also contracted with LeakScout to periodically 

fly helicopters equipped with OGI cameras around select sites. 

This program has also proven effective in identifying leaks.

While many of these airborne technologies are good at 

Informal Inspections
ConocoPhillips personnel visit sites as part of their routine 

detecting leaks, they do require personnel following up with 

hand-held OGI cameras to identify the exact location of the 

duties or in response to operational issues at the sites. They 

leaks and the equipment involved, after which we conduct 

identify anomalous operating conditions that may contribute 

repairs and ensure mitigation was successful.

to audio, visual or olfactory (AVO) indications of potential 

leaks. We conduct formal AVO inspections to identify potential 

leaks at sites where regulatorily required. On most other sites 

where not regulatorily required, we perform these inspections 

periodically on a voluntary basis. 

Instrument-based Method 21 Inspections
Where required by regulatory programs, we conduct LDAR 

Satellite-based detection technology is another large-scale 

leak detection option. However, it has limitations in areas where 

facilities are located within close to proximity to one another. 

An additional drawback has been the inability to identify small 

to medium leaks. Recently launched satellites are showing 

promise to provide better imaging and allowing more frequent 

monitoring of specific facilities. ConocoPhillips continues to 

inspections pursuant to requirements of U.S. EPA Reference 

evaluate how satellite detection may factor into our programs 

Method 21, using an organic vapor analyzer. 

Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) Camera Inspections
We perform periodic inspections at sites using OGI cameras 

where required by NSPS OOOOa regulations. In addition, at 

sites not subject to NSPS OOOOa regulations, we conduct 

periodic OGI inspections on a voluntary basis. In addition 

to the above LDAR methods either required by or based on 

regulatory requirements, ConocoPhillips continues to pilot 

and utilize innovative methods of monitoring, including some 

airborne and ground-based systems. The pilot programs and 

deployments of innovative technologies discussed below are 

not used for regulatory purposes.

Airborne Systems

moving forward. For example, we are joining a beta testing 

program for Environmental Defense Fund’s MethaneAir, a 

precursor to MethaneSat, their satellite to be launched next 

year using the same detection technology.

Continuous Monitoring Systems:  
Metal Oxide-based SOOFIE Sensors
ConocoPhillips has implemented systems to monitor for 

leaks on a continuous basis. We have worked with Scientific 

Aviation and Qube Technologies, and other vendors, to test 

continuous methane monitoring devices at select Lower 48 

facilities to further enhance early detection and response 

capabilities. Metal oxide-based sensors are a relatively 

simple and cost-effective technology that incorporates 

three to six sensors strategically placed around locations 

We have piloted several aerial technologies that enable 

to maximize effectiveness during varying wind conditions. 

routine monitoring over a larger area and allow for inspection 

Elevated methane concentrations detected by the sensors are 

of multiple facilities at a time. Airborne systems are an 

analyzed by an automated system that considers details such 

established way of screening emissions from an entire facility, 

as equipment location, distance, wind speed and direction to 

a group of facilities or a wider geographic area.

identify the most probable emissions source.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202270ClimateMethane

Lower 48

Setting a methane emissions intensity target ensures 

continued focus on methane emissions reductions, including 

designing new facilities to avoid methane emissions as 

much as practical. We have evaluated ways to improve well 

pad and central facility design to reduce GHG emissions, 

including emissions capture and suppression and installing 

vapor recovery units. For example, in 2022 we completed 

dozens of projects in Permian and Bakken to retrofit vapor 

recovery units on existing brownfield sites to capture tank 

emissions and reduce flaring. 

We participate in The Environmental Partnership, a coalition 

of about 100 oil and natural gas API member companies 

working to improve methane emissions management. The 

program has utilized Bridger Photonics to fly aircraft at 

a program‑determined frequency over industry assets, 

including those of ConocoPhillips. In 2022, through our work 

in the partnership, we conducted flyovers of our Permian and 

•  Eliminating gas‑driven pneumatic devices: Many of our 

greenfield designs at new facilities include devices to 

use supplied air instead of site gas to reduce natural gas 

emissions from pneumatics. We currently have a multi‑

year pneumatics replacement program that will retrofit 

up to 46,000 pneumatic devices at existing sites across 

Lower 48, estimated for completion by 2031.

Pneumatic device replacements are among the highest 

priority emissions reduction projects across the Lower 48, 

as they account for some of the more significant methane 

emissions sources and have a competitive cost of abatement. 

With thousands of gas‑driven pneumatic devices in service, 

our operations and engineering teams have begun to 

execute our first large‑scale retrofit campaign in New 

Mexico with plans to continue to ramp up programs 

in other states. Each conversion increases revenue by 

keeping gas in the sales line while allowing us to maintain 

regulatory compliance with new legislation or anticipated 

federal guidelines.

Eagle Ford assets to survey approximately 450 sites from 

Canada

the air. Further, as part of our commitment, we have focused 

on two key areas:

Our development in Montney was designed to eliminate the 

majority of methane emissions by utilizing self‑generated 

•  LDAR programs: In 2022, we conducted approximately 

electricity and electric equipment rather than traditional 

9,200 handheld OGI surveys and 3,400 aerial surveys 

natural gas‑driven equipment.

across our Lower 48 assets to detect leaks and quickly 

repair them. While this is a regulatory requirement in 

many areas, over 75% of the surveys were done on a 

voluntary basis. These surveys continue to provide a 

better understanding of where leaks occur and how we 

can minimize fugitive emissions. See more about detection 

and monitoring technology in the following section.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202271ClimateDetection and Monitoring

Canada

Lower 48

In addition to our reduction efforts, we have been conducting 

pilots of new technologies across our operations to determine 

effectiveness and scalability of next‑generation detection 

technologies. For example, we have installed nearly 2,000 

fixed methane monitoring devices at nearly 400 sites 

throughout our Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken assets.

While continuous monitoring technology has worked well to 

expeditiously identify and mitigate leaks, that technology 

is not used for regulatory measurement purposes at this 

time. Our reported 2022 emissions for the U.S. are based on 

EPA‑mandated methodologies for estimating and reporting 

In Canada, we installed emissions monitors on a drilling 

rig to actively monitor diesel fuel consumption, natural 

gas consumption and engine loads, increasing accuracy of 

emissions measurement on the rig. The rig was then outfitted 

with a battery and natural gas generators to reduce GHG 

emissions and operate the rig at reduced fuel costs. Battery 

backup can also double as temporary engine replacement, 

necessitating one less engine to be online.

Flaring

Lower 48

We continue to progress toward our target of zero routine 

flaring by 2025. We have reduced flaring by utilizing closed‑

GHG emissions. A desired outcome of OGMP 2.0 is that in the 

loop completions, central gas gathering systems and vapor 

future, measurement‑based information can be incorporated 

recovery units. We direct condensate to sales pipelines and 

into methane emissions calculations. 

ConocoPhillips submitted our OGMP 2.0 Implementation 

Plan in May 2023. Most of our assets are already reporting at 

Level 3 with line of sight to Level 4.9 Reporting through OGMP 

improve uptime through operational excellence (a major 

focus for all our operating facilities). We do not routinely 

flare due to pipeline constraints in the Lower 48 or anywhere 

else in the portfolio. 

2.0 will help us make better informed decisions about where to 

Project examples include:

prioritize our efforts to have the maximum impact on reducing 

our emissions footprint. We have also been actively engaged 

with other OGMP 2.0 members to ensure that the previously 

EU‑focused guidance could be translated and applicable to 

a U.S. context. Key differences between EU‑based operators 

and U.S.‑based operators generally include:

•  EU energy companies tend to have more concentrated 

facilities, while U.S. companies operate thousands of 

wells over large geographic areas, often with operators 

interspersed.

•  EU joint ventures are typically associated with a single large 

asset involving wells and associated infrastructure, typically 

including only a few large shareholders. In contrast, U.S. 

development typically occurs at a single well level and can 

involve many partners, some with small interest.

Alaska

• 

In 2022, the Bakken operations team focused on MACC 

projects to reduce routine flaring. Projects focused on 

treatment of sour gas, flare capture, de‑bottlenecking and 

auto‑curtailment when offtake is restricted. The execution 

of these projects resulted in a year‑over‑year reduction of 

associated gas flaring by more than 60%. 

• 

In the Bakken, sour gas treatment projects had the 

largest impact on flare reduction. Sour gas that does 

not meet pipeline sales specifications will typically be 

flared or curtailed. Successful treatment has allowed gas 

to be marketed. We have also implemented production 

deferral practices when offtake is constrained, and we 

are progressing field‑wide deployment of gas capture 

technologies. As of year‑end 2022, these projects allowed 

treatment and sales of 5 million cubic feet of gas per day, 

reducing flared gas volumes.

We continue to test and deploy new GHG emissions detection 

•  Many of the initiatives developed in the Bakken are being 

technologies in Alaska, including continuous monitoring. For 

replicated in Eagle Ford and Permian fields. A 2022 

example, in Alaska we began a project in 2021 to install fuel 

meeting of asset managers and operational leaders 

flow meters on existing Kuparuk drill site heaters to more 

established alignment on standards for routine and 

accurately calculate emissions from pre‑combustion fuel gas. 

safety flaring.

The project will continue through 2023.

9  OGMP 2.0 “levels” refer to increasing reporting requirements and additional granularity. Level 3 includes reporting of emissions by detailed source type; Level 4 layers company-specific 

emissions factors; Level 5, the gold standard, includes measurement at the site or facility level and reconciliation with Level 4 estimates.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202272Climate• 

In the Eagle Ford, we began a project in 2021 that uses 

Early project results have been shared with Canada’s Oil 

an optical gas imaging (OGI) camera transmitter to send a 

Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) Innovation Plus consortia 

feedback signal to the flare blower’s speed controller. This 

to encourage widespread deployment of the technology 

improves combustion of flare gases by allowing for continual 

throughout Canada’s oil sands. In response to lower oil 

air adjustment, ultimately resulting in CO2 abatement.

prices from the COVID‑19 pandemic, in 2020 and 2021, the 

•  Our Eagle Ford team is working to convert some gas 

assisted flares to air assist where economically feasible 

at large central facilities and individual well sites. 

Decommissioning tanks and flares is another approach 

being taken to reduce overall field flaring.

• 

In parts of the Delaware Basin, we have built and operate 

our own gathering system, which enables more flexibility 

and connections to multiple third‑party processors. We 

have also developed and implemented facility design 

changes to reduce flaring from tanks.

•  We use Andium cameras to monitor flares at some sites. 

These cameras provide visual observation of flares that 

can be monitored at centralized locations, providing quick 

notice of any anomalous flaring events.

Norway

BU developed a new co‑injection alternative, “NCG Lite,” to 

allow for the continued injection of NCG during curtailment 

without the need to install additional infrastructure.

We are also piloting multilateral well technology including 

innovative drilling and completion methods and thermal 

junction technology in existing vertical wellbores to increase 

production from a single surface location. This approach 

reduces surface footprint and provides increased bitumen 

production without additional steam injection, thereby 

reducing GHG emissions intensity and operating costs.

These projects have benefited from financial support 

provided through Emissions Reduction Alberta (ERA). 

ERA invests the proceeds from its carbon pricing scheme 

to reduce GHGs and strengthen the competitiveness of 

new and incumbent industries and accelerate Alberta’s 

In the North Sea, we are working on multiple measures to 

transformation to a low‑carbon economy.

reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the Greater Ekofisk Area. 

In 2022, we reduced our emissions from safety flaring by 

26,000 tonnes per year using a new flare gas re‑compressor 

installed at Ekofisk 2/4 J. Instead of gas being flared, it 

will now be sold to the European market. Another measure 

initiated in 2022 was the Rotating Equipment Opportunity 

Project (REOP), reducing CO2 emissions from the pipeline 
compressor by 24,000 tonnes per year. 

Operational Efficiency

Canada

Reducing the GHG emissions intensity of our oil sands 

operations continues to be a priority for our Canada operations. 

We co‑inject non‑condensable gas (NCG) with steam to 

Lower 48

At rigs in Eagle Ford and Permian, we have implemented 

solutions using batteries and load matching to reduce diesel 

usage and the associated emissions. These battery systems 

allow the rigs to run the diesel‑driven power generators 50% 

less while also reducing trucking in the area.

Australia

An early feasibility assessment is proposed to install a 

two‑phase flashing liquid expander within the liquefaction 

section of a single train at APLNG. This will enable more 

efficient cooling and generation of excess electricity. It 

will also improve the energy efficiency of the liquefaction 

process, producing more LNG for the same compression 

reduce steam requirements and improve thermal efficiency, 

reduce GHG emissions intensity and enhance incremental 

power. 

oil production at Surmont. This allows for a reduction in the 

Norway

steam‑to‑oil ratio (SOR) and consequent reduction in GHG 

At the Teesside Oil Terminal, we are working on various 

emissions intensity. The technology can be applied to almost 

emissions saving projects such as stabilization train 

any steam‑assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) operation, 

convection bank cleaning, steam boilers burner management 

resulting in GHG intensity reductions of approximately 20‑30%. 

system rationalization, crude oil charge pump electrical drive 

Further, we have installed flow control devices on SAGD 

change‑out, in addition to a number of different energy‑

producer and injector wells with steam block capabilities to 

saving ideas. Crude oil charge pump electrical drive change‑

further reduce SOR and reduce shut‑in occurrences.

out, in addition to a number of different energy‑saving ideas.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202273ClimateElectrification and Alternative Power

Lower 48

We are evaluating a focused range of renewable energy 

projects, concentrating on projects that can provide power 

directly to our facilities to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 

We are evaluating opportunities to use power from the grid, 

waste gas generators or alternative energy. We expect that 

dual fuel capabilities and electric power solutions for drilling 

and hydraulic fracturing will be viable technologies to 

lower operational emissions by replacing diesel usage with 

field gas or compressed natural gas (CNG) while improving 

productive time by reducing maintenance and generating 

more usable horsepower. 

Delaware Basin, with a project currently under construction. 

The project includes a miles‑long electrified conveyor belt 

with the potential to reduce emissions, truck count and 

traffic incidents. The four‑year contract will ensure supply of 

the highest quality product in the market and yield logistics 

savings by 2026. 

China

Our operations in Bohai Bay, China are powered by fuel gas 

from associated natural gas production from developed 

fields. The asset will increasingly face a fuel gas shortage by 

the mid‑2020s, increasing operating costs due to the need 

to purchase natural gas at local market rates. To bridge this 

fuel gap, we are jointly developing an offshore wind farm 

After a successful pilot in 2020, we initiated a project in 

with CNOOC Renewables to supply power to the Penglai 

2021 to utilize lower‑carbon alternative fuel sources in the 

oilfield and support the fulfillment of the BU’s net‑zero 

Permian. Rather than relying solely on diesel fuel to power 

operational emissions reductions. 

hydraulic fracturing operations, the project aims to use 

compressed natural gas and liquefied natural gas to power 

electric hydraulic fracturing (e‑frac) fleets. 

In 2022, in Eagle Ford, we successfully converted a 

hydraulic fracturing fleet to use field gas, reducing diesel 

consumption and lowering our emissions footprint. Natural 

gas reciprocating engines power the e‑frac fleet, leading 

to emissions reductions of more than 30% compared to a 

conventional diesel fleet. 

The China BU is also reviewing other opportunities, including:

•  Building localized offshore wind turbines specific to 

the asset.

•  Developing shallow gas fields to increase supply to 

power operations.

• 

Installing a transformer station and subsea cables tying 

into CNOOC’s regional offshore power grid that connects 

to onshore power facilities.

We conducted pre‑development work in 2021 and 2022 to 

Australia 

evaluate the potential for wind and solar electric power 

The Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) facility on Curtis Island, 

generation for our operations in the Permian Basin. We led a 

Queensland, Australia is progressing a Battery Energy 

large, multi‑stakeholder study that aims to better understand 

Storage System (BESS) to function as power backup in 

the long‑term load demand for the Permian Basin as well as 

case of electricity generator failure. Currently APLNG is 

impacts to the grid and upgrades that may be required if the 

powered by gas turbine generators (GTGs) with one spare 

basin was to fully electrify. As part of this project, we have 

GTG running in reserve in the event another fails. A BESS 

engaged on infrastructure and electrification solutions with 

would replace the spare GTG and act as the reserve 

several other Permian operators representing about 40% of 

electricity generator.

Permian Basin production. 

In 2022, the Australia BU began working on a hydrogen 

We also seek emissions reduction opportunities with our 

pilot to connect an electrolyzer to a fuel gas inlet pipe to 

supply chain partners. In the Permian, for example, our 

generate and supply hydrogen to mix with fuel gas. Different 

completions group partnered with a sand supplier to 

electrolyzer technologies may be trialed throughout the 

change the proppant delivery and logistics business in the 

pilot program.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202274ClimateVoluntary Carbon Offsets 

While operational emissions reductions will drive our 

progress toward our net‑zero emissions ambition, ultimately 

offsets are likely to be required to mitigate residual, hard‑to‑

abate emissions. Leveraging know‑how from our experience 

in the compliance offset market, we have designed a 

flexible strategy to develop and purchase voluntary offsets, 

beginning in 2022. This strategy includes developing a 

diversified portfolio of offsets from third‑party projects and 

funds, as well as considering our own offset projects. Our 

preference will be projects in countries and regions in which 

we operate or have land holdings. While we do not anticipate 

the need to utilize offsets to achieve our medium‑term 

targets and did not retire any voluntary offsets in 2022, we 

are investing now to build a bank of offsets for potential use 

and retirement in the future. 

In early 2022, ConocoPhillips sent invitations to prospective 

offset developers to propose investment opportunities for 

These include carbon credit funds such as Climate Asset 

Management’s Nature Based Carbon Fund (NBCF). Taking 

a landscape approach, the NBCF looks to invest in nature‑

based solutions projects that restore and conserve nature 

in developing economies. This provides long‑lasting and 

verified positive impacts for biodiversity and communities 

and offers investors the carbon credits it procures. 

The NBCF’s initial project investment is in the Global 

EverGreening Alliance’s Restore Africa Programme, 

which aims to restore 1.9 million hectares of land, directly 

supporting 1.5 million smallholder farming families in six 

African countries — Kenya, Ethiopia, Malawi, Tanzania, 

Uganda and Zambia. As of December 2022, implementation 

had already begun in three of the six countries. 

In addition to our investment in NBCF, we are separately 

supporting offset projects in Mexico aimed at improved 

forest management for future offset issuance. 

ConocoPhillips participation. The invitations sought a variety 

Operational Net-Zero Roadmap

of project types that could start issuing offsets by 2025, 

including those that are:

The company’s net‑zero roadmap details near‑  and 

medium‑term Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction efforts 

•  Nature‑based: relating to forestry and land use, wetlands, 

by identifying and prioritizing viable abatement options. 

agricultural improvements and grasslands or soil 

It also conceptualizes how we intend to fulfill our longer‑

enrichment.

•  Technology‑based: relating to energy efficiency, fuel 

switching, abandoned well management, waste disposal 

and fugitive emissions reductions.

The evaluation criteria for these projects emphasize the 

need for durability of the reductions or removals and leakage 

minimization, as well as community, conservation and 

biodiversity co‑benefits to create and increase commercial 

value for the projects beyond our net‑zero operational 

emissions ambition.

term targets through planning, fostering technological 

advancements and partnering with peers and external 

stakeholders to explore pilot projects that could abate 

challenging operational emissions.

The company’s net‑zero roadmap, like our scenario planning, 

is a tool that describes a possible pathway leading to 

a particular outcome. It is intended to be an illustrative 

example of how we intend to reach our net‑zero operational 

emissions ambition. It is an evergreen construct that will 

necessarily adjust over time in connection with various 

factors (including ongoing efforts and results, regulatory 

We have initiated investments which will bank credits for 

and/or technology changes, and future long‑term plans that 

future use in our offsets registry accounts, such as Verra’s 

are subject to adjustment).

Verified Carbon Standard and the American Carbon Registry. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202275ClimateTo drive accountability for the emissions that are within 

•  Create new lower‑emissions facility designs.

our control, each of our operating business units (BUs) is 

developing a roadmap to describe its strategies and plans 

to help drive the company toward realizing our net‑zero 

ambition for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. BUs will also 

identify technology solutions for hard‑to‑abate emissions 

•  Prioritize pilot projects and tests of emerging 

technologies to address our most significant needs.

•  Enhance the tools and processes we use to prioritize, 

execute and track our emissions reduction efforts.

and pilot new methods to reduce and accelerate emissions 

As part of the net-zero roadmap, our Lower 48 business 

reductions. When rolled up, these BU roadmaps will inform 

unit, for example, is implementing an ambitious emissions 

our technology development, operations and engineering 

reduction strategy. For greenfield projects, we are targeting 

teams, along with our development staff, where to direct 

low‑emissions design concepts with a focus on pneumatics, 

efforts today, while allowing us to forecast and prioritize 

vapor controls for tanks, flaring and electric compression. 

needs of the future.

The company‑wide net‑zero roadmap will also:

•  Empower each BU to progress initiatives specific to 

its needs.

For brownfield assets, retrofit projects targeting these same 

emissions sources are being executed for completion by 

the end of the decade. In addition, the Lower 48 BU intends 

to expand electrical infrastructure as needed in areas to 

support increasing grid connectivity of operations. Read 

•  Leverage the marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) 

more about the Lower 48 Emissions Reduction Strategy.

process to assess viability and prioritize projects.

•  Promote collaboration between BUs on projects which are 

scalable or transferable.

ILLUSTRATIVE NET-ZERO OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS ROADMAP
 kg CO e/BOE

Complete
2016–2022:

~41% 

of target met

39.1

In Progress
2023–2030:

~19% 

of target on track
to be achieved

22.9

~16.0

50%
reduced

Future State
2031–2050:

~40% 

of target reduction options
under development

2016
Baseline

2018

2020

2022

2024

2026 2028

2030

2032

2034 2036 2038 2040

2042

2044 2046 2048

2050
Net-Zero
Ambition

Near-Term MACC: Methane, ﬂaring, 
electriﬁcation and efﬁciency projects

Medium- to Long-Term Net-Zero Options: 
Efﬁciency, large-scale electriﬁcation and CCS

Portfolio: Capital allocation
to low-GHG production

The Net-Zero Operational Emissions Roadmap is intended to be an illustrative example of how we intend to reach our net-zero operational emissions ambition. ~16.0 kg CO2e/BOE is an 
approximation of our 2030 intensity. Offsets are likely to be required to mitigate our residual, hard-to-abate emissions. Offsets and net-zero options may be pursued simultaneously. 
The actual timing of deploying the actions described here may vary from the illustration.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202276ClimateAddressing Scope 3 
Emissions

While we recognize that end‑use emissions must be 

reduced to meet global climate objectives, it is our view 

that supply‑side constraints through Scope 3 targets for 

targeted Paris‑aligned North American and European 

oil and gas producers would be counterproductive in the 

absence of policy measures that address global demand. 

Curtailed supply would be replaced with production from 

less accountable operators and jurisdictions to meet 

transition demand. Scope 3 targets do not address demand 

and do not limit global production and in our view are 

ineffective in reducing global emissions. 

Our role in addressing Scope 3 emissions and 

accelerating the energy transition includes 

several focus areas:

•  Advocating for policy to address end-use 

emissions.10

•  Addressing upstream supply chain emissions 

by engaging with major suppliers on our 
Climate Risk Strategy.11

•  Selectively investing in liquefied natural gas 

opportunities.

•  Developing options to invest in low carbon 

business opportunities in hydrogen and CCS, 

The drive of some NGO and activist investors for Scope 3 

subject to economic returns that make sense 

targets is premised on a prescribed capital shift away from 

for our investors.

oil and gas which has been described in some financial 

sector climate frameworks. The Institutional Investors Group 

on Climate Change (IIGCC), for example, refers to ceasing 

oil and gas exploration and “running existing assets down.”12 

Similarly, the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net‑Zero 

(GFANZ) describes the importance of a “managed phaseout” 

of oil and gas.13 The push from activists for such phaseout 

does not appear to consider market and technology 

readiness, or related impacts to energy affordability and 

energy security. 

This approach also does not take into account the projection 

from Paris‑aligned scenarios that oil and natural gas, 

produced from responsible operators, will be needed in the 

coming decades to meet transition demand. Proponents of 

Scope 3 targets seek to translate a global carbon budget 

that is science‑based to broad sectoral and company 

allocations that are not. The imposition of Scope 3 targets 

for a prescribed capital shift to phase out production that 

best meets actual demand is not a realistic way to address 

energy transition, climate change or shareholder value. 

responsibility to shareholders is to strongly compete for 

transition demand by offering resilient, low cost of supply, 

low GHG emissions intensity production with Paris‑aligned 

goals for operational emissions, while also pursuing energy 

transition opportunities. This approach provides long‑term 

shareholder value and supports an orderly energy transition 

that avoids large‑scale energy price shocks.

Other key considerations have also reinforced our rationale 

at ConocoPhillips not to set a Scope 3 target.

E&P Company versus Integrated Company 

Pure play exploration and production companies do not 

have the opportunities to influence end‑use emissions 

that integrated oil and gas companies hold through their 

ownership and control over the production and sale of 

end‑use energy products. As an upstream producer, 

ConocoPhillips does not control how the commodities we 

While a sector‑wide reduction in demand for oil and natural 

sell into global markets are converted into different energy 

gas products is foreseen as the transition progresses, our 

products or selected for use by consumers.

10  Intended to address Scope 3, Category 11 for use of sold products.

11  Intended to address Scope 3, Categories 1 and 2 for purchased goods and services and capital goods.

12 IIGCC, 2021. Net-zero standard for oil and gas.

13 GFANZ, 2022. The managed phaseout of high-emitting assets.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202277ClimateDouble Counting

Duplicative counting of end‑use emissions along the oil 

and natural gas value chain makes accurate accounting 

and credible target‑setting problematic. For example, the 

Scope 3 emissions from refining the oil we produce are a 

refiner’s Scope 1 emissions. The combustion of that oil in 

the form of an end‑use product such as gasoline are also 

Scope 3 emissions for the producer of the oil, the refiner and 

the marketer. The combustion of gasoline is also a Scope 

1 emission for distribution and transportation companies. 

Likewise, our Scope 3 emissions from the combustion of 

natural gas at a power station would be the electricity 

producer’s Scope 1 emissions and our own Scope 2 

emissions for electricity purchased to run our operations. 

We believe that the most practical way to avoid double‑

counting of emissions and overlap of targets is for all 

companies to align with the Paris Agreement and set targets 

for their Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Climate Policy to Address End-Use  
Demand and Emissions

We have been clear since our first Climate Change Position 

in 2003 that end‑use emissions must be addressed to meet 

global climate commitments. Climate policies along with 

advances in technology and consumer choice will ultimately 

drive demand and end‑use emissions. We accept that in the 

absence of full carbon capture and sequestration, demand 

for energy must shift toward low‑carbon and non‑carbon 

sources, so we take responsibility for encouraging that shift 

by the most practical and effective means available — our 

vocal support for carbon pricing that would cause a change 

in the choices made by end users, which is detailed in the 

Public Policy Engagement section. Our constructive advocacy 

for effective carbon pricing policy began when we became 

the first U.S. oil and gas company to join the United States 

Climate Action Partnership in 2007 and continued in 2018 

when we joined the Climate Leadership Council as a founding 

member. It is also reflected in the fact that our main industry 

GHG emissions. To that end, we are leading discussions 

around additional policy options, aligned with our principles, 

that address end‑use emissions.

Reporting

We calculate Scope 3 emissions using the Greenhouse 

Gas Protocol and the Ipieca 2016 Estimating Petroleum 

Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

methodologies based on net equity production numbers. 

We report the four largest categories of Scope 3 emissions 

that apply to our operations. Scope 3 emissions sources 

include CO2, methane (as CO2e) and nitrous oxide (as CO2e) 
for the four material categories of Scope 3 emissions that 

apply to our operations.

For oil and natural gas exploration and production 

companies, Scope 3 emissions fall primarily into the “use 

of sold products” category. Though we do not control how 

our total production is ultimately processed into consumer 

products, we make the conservative assumption that the 

majority of production is ultimately burned as fuel by end 

users. We use the API Compendium GHG emissions factors 

for crude oil and natural gas burned as fuel. This method 

accounts for all possible GHG emissions that could be 

associated with end use of our production. Our assumption 

and method are especially conservative when the “double 

counting” issues inherent in Scope 3 estimations for an 

exploration and production company are taken into account.

We conservatively calculate the other three categories of 

Scope 3 emissions by taking our entire volume of crude 

and natural gas and applying the relevant transportation, 

distribution and processing emissions factors from 

academic life cycle analyses, including the 2019 National 

Energy Technology Laboratory study: Life cycle analysis 

of natural gas extraction and power generation. In 2022, 

Scope 3 emissions increased in line with overall net 

production increase.

associations have now adopted positions on carbon pricing 

SCOPE 3 SOURCE

and other climate policies that align with our public positions. 

Upstream transportation

However, we also recognize the policy trend in the U.S. 

Downstream transportation

toward a regulatory approach to emissions reductions, and 

we advocate for effective and efficient regulations and 

legislation to advance economic incentives and reduce 

Processing of sold products

Use of sold products

ESTIMATED MILLION 
TONNES CO2E

5

8

14

208

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202278ClimateAdditional Climate-Linked 
Performance Areas

Energy Efficiency

We continually strive to make our operations more energy 

efficient. This can provide environmental and economic 

benefits through lower production costs or greater sales 

revenue. Through the natural decline of production, as our 

fields diminish in size, they tend to require either the same, 

or in some cases, even greater amounts of energy to extract 

the product for processing or refining. 

Total energy consumption in 2022 was 206 trillion 

British Thermal Units (BTUs). Approximately 97% of our 

consumption was combustion of fuel for our own energy use 

with the remainder from purchased electricity.

Water

We measure and report on the volume of fresh water and 

non‑fresh water withdrawn from local water sources, the 

volume of municipal waste water reused, and the volume 

of produced water that is reused, recycled, disposed or 

discharged after treatment. The data are used to estimate 

our water intensity and exposure to water stress. We also 

collect water forecast data for our Long‑Range Plan which 

enables us to test our portfolio of projects against our water 

risks to make better‑informed strategic decisions.

The 2022 fresh water consumption intensity for our 

unconventional assets in the U.S. (Eagle Ford, Delaware, 

Midland and Bakken) and in Canada (Montney) was 0.06 

bbl/BOE EUR. The 2022 fresh water consumption intensity 

for our conventional (Alaska, Canada Surmont, LNG and 

Indonesia) and offshore assets (Norway) was 0.03 bbl/BOE. 

Read more about our water metrics.

We use the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas to 

assess our portfolio exposure to water stress. Our Anadarko, 

Water sourcing and produced water management are global 

Permian Midland Basin and Alaska Kuparuk assets are 

challenges that require local solutions. We manage water 

located in basins with high or extremely high baseline water 

risks and mitigate potential impacts to water resources, 

stress and accounted for 6.3% of our total fresh water 

taking into account the unique hydrologic, quality, use and 

withdrawal and 2.4% of our total fresh water consumption 

ecological settings of each basin or offshore marine area. 

in 2022. However, we have divested many of our assets with 

Water‑related risks associated with fresh water withdrawal, 

high water stress; the Lost Cabin Gas Plant and the majority 

water stress, offshore produced water discharges and 

of our Anadarko and Permian conventional assets were 

onshore produced water disposal can affect our business. 

divested in 2021 and 2022. 

Read more about how we manage our water risks.

PRODUCED WATER MANAGED – GLOBAL

SOURCE WATER – GLOBAL

49%

OF PRODUCED 
WATER IS REUSED 
OR RECYCLED

IS DISPOSED OF

41%
10%

IS DISCHARGED
OFFSHORE AFTER
TREATMENT

93%

OF SOURCE WATER IS
NON-FRESH WATER,
MUNICIPAL WASTE 
WATER AND REUSED 
OR RECYCLED 
PRODUCED WATER

7%

IS FRESH WATER

Reused/recycled

Disposed

Discharged

Non-fresh

Fresh

Municipal 
Waste Water

Reused/recycled

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202279ClimateMeasurement, Reporting 
and Verification

Our environmental and social performance metrics and 

disclosures undergo various internal and external audit, 

assessment and assurance processes. We have engaged in 

assurance practices for our sustainability disclosures for 

more than a decade, and we use third‑party verification for 

external, independent, limited assurance of our metrics. 

We perform reasonable assurance for GHG emissions at 

select operated assets where it is required by country‑level 

obtain the required information from regulatory reports. 

Additionally, we calculate emissions based on asset‑

specific emissions intensities and our equity share. Net 

equity is calculated using working interest ownership for 

non-operated international and Alaska assets. For Lower 48 

non‑operated assets, net equity emissions are estimated 

based on the combined working interest of the wells in 

which ConocoPhillips has interest and the BOE production 

of those wells compared to the total BOE production of the 

operating company.

regulation. Measurement, reporting and verification of our 

Reporting to authorities and regulators is the responsibility 

climate efforts and GHG data is critical for establishing 

of BUs, and we report our operated emissions in the 

credibility and accountability around our targets and actions.

following regions, countries and provinces in accordance 

Each of our BUs is responsible for quantifying emissions 

and reporting the information to our corporate center 

for compilation and internal quality assurance. Our 

GHG emissions estimation methodologies use the rules, 

emissions factors and thresholds for regulatory emissions 

reporting with the following amendments: We use a 

reporting threshold of 25,000 tonnes of CO2e per year 
for an asset and/or emissions source category unless the 

with regulations:

•  Alberta, Canada: Emissions Management and Climate 

Resilience Act: Specified Gas Reporting Regulation, 

Alberta Regulation 251/2004.

•  Australia: The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting 

Act 2007 (NGER Act) and the National Greenhouse and 

Energy Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008.

•  British Columbia, Canada: Greenhouse Gas Industrial 

regulatory reporting threshold is lower. In our corporate 

Reporting and Control Act: Greenhouse Gas Emission 

reporting system, we include GHG emissions based on 

Reporting Regulation, British Columbia Reg. 249/2015.

direct sources of emissions (Scope 1 emissions) and indirect 

sources of emissions from imported electricity and steam 

(Scope 2 emissions).

•  European Union: EU Emissions Trading System, 

Monitoring and Reporting Regulation Council Directive 

2003/87/EC, as amended by Council Directive 

The method of data collection at each individual source can 

2009/29/EC.

range from continuous emissions monitoring to emissions 

• 

Indonesia: Minister of Environment Regulation No. 12 

estimations. Our estimating approaches meet applicable 

of 2012 regarding Guideline for the Emission Load 

regulatory reporting requirements or industry guidance, 

Calculation for Oil and Gas Industry Activities.

as appropriate. The quality of estimating methodologies, 

•  Norway: Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading Act of 17 

measurements and calculations is assessed internally by our 

December 2004.

corporate Environmental Assurance group. 

We report GHG emissions on both a gross operated and 

net equity basis. GHG emissions from non‑operated assets 

•  United Kingdom: UK Emissions Trading Scheme 

established through the Greenhouse Gas Emissions 

Trading Scheme of 2020.

are included for affiliated companies and joint ventures in 

•  United States: 40 CFR 98 Subparts C, MM, PP, UU, 

which ConocoPhillips owns greater than or equal to 20% 

W, and Y. Stationary Combustion Sources; Suppliers 

working interest or when our share of GHG emissions (based 

on working interest) is greater than or equal to 25,000 

tonnes of CO2e per year. We request GHG emissions data 
from our partners on an annual basis. In certain cases, we 

of CO2; Suppliers of Petroleum Products, Injection 
of CO2; Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems; 
Petroleum Refineries

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202280ClimateInternal Audits and Assessments

In addition to the third‑party assurance process, our Internal 

Audit group performs independent internal assurance 

of our non‑financial sustainability reporting following 

the International Standards for the Professional Practice 

of Internal Auditing. The first review, completed in 2019, 

evaluated governance practices, control processes, 

risk management and metrics reporting practices. To 

continuously improve disclosure processes and controls, 

in 2022, Internal Audit reviewed sustainability monitoring 

and reporting practices, standards, and processes under 

the direction of our Board of Directors Audit and Finance 

Committee. Internal Audit also provided limited assurance 

over the 2022 environmental and social disclosures before 

issuance of this year’s Sustainability Report.

we are conducting readiness pre‑assessments within 

individual business units. Based on these assessments, 

an implementation plan will be developed to define the 

actions, timeline and resources required to move to a 

global level of reasonable assurance, with consideration for 

proposed regulatory disclosure requirements and timelines. 

We want to execute our plan at a pace that is manageable 

for the business and positions us well for potential future 

compliance obligations. 

Climate-Related Risk Disclosures Governance

With increasing expectations for assurance of 

environmental, social and governance (ESG) data, potential 

for future integrated reporting, and in response to proposed 

climate‑related regulatory requirements, we further 

reviewed our internal process and controls for climate‑

Historically, we have sought third‑party limited assurance 

related risk disclosures relative to those already in place 

of GHG emissions data annually and assurance of other 

for financial disclosures. This exercise included conducting 

environmental performance measures every three years. 

a pre‑assessment of data, processes, systems and controls 

Beginning with the 2021 Sustainability Report, however, 

used to report Scope 1 and 2 emissions and comparing those 

we expanded the scope of external assurance beyond 

against proposed regulatory requirements. It also included 

GHG emissions data to include limited assurance of all 

conducting a gap assessment between proposed SEC 

governance, climate and human capital disclosures, as well 

rules and our current climate‑related disclosures in public 

as water and biodiversity metrics. The limited assurance 

filings and reports such as our Proxy Statement, 10‑K and 

assessment covered qualitative and quantitative measures. 

Sustainability Report. We continue to collaborate cross‑

After a successful pre‑assurance readiness review 

functionally within ConocoPhillips to evaluate how to best 

conducted in 2022 for 2021 data, we further expanded the 

manage the broadening governance of ESG disclosures and 

scope of our reporting assurance to include third‑party 

leverage skill sets gained through designing and maintaining 

limited assurance of all sustainability disclosures and 

financial assurance processes. 

evaluate internal assurance governance processes and 

controls for climate‑related risk disclosures. We plan to 

continue this scope annually going forward.

We continue to advance our internal processes and 

controls, and evaluate methods to continuously improve 

the quality, consistency and transparency of our GHG 

data in order to meet external expectations and evolving 

regulatory requirements. 

See our most recent ERM CVS Assurance Statement and 

read more about our internal quality assurance and third‑

party verification.

Since 2003, we have participated in the annual CDP 

survey. The survey collects a wide range of information 

concerning companies’ efforts to manage climate‑related 

issues effectively and drive emissions reductions. It includes 

an emphasis on governance, strategy, actions and 

Elevating Assurance of GHG Emissions

reporting to try to provide a complete view of comparable 

Over time we plan to elevate assurance of our Scope 1 

performance. It also provides a view of sector performance. 

and 2 emissions for all operated assets from limited 

Our most recent CDP submission can be found in the 

assurance to reasonable assurance.14 To prepare for this, 

2022 CDP document.

14 Based on definitions from the ISO 14064-3:2018 Standard, reasonable assurance requires a third-party provider to consider and obtain an understanding of internal processes and controls 

governing non-financial ESG disclosures, and to conduct extensive testing procedures, including the recalculation and verification of data. The quality and quantity of audit evidence 
required by the third-party provider for limited assurance, however, is less than what would be expected for reasonable assurance. Testing procedures are less extensive with more limited 
recalculation and verification of data.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202281ClimateExternal Collaboration  
and Engagement

External engagement is important to understanding the 

issues and challenges relating to climate and the evolution 

of policy development. Current actions include:

•  Taking part in global legislation and regulation 

development.

•  Engaging with stakeholders, including investors, on 

climate‑related risks.

•  Working within industry groups to advance sector‑wide 

net‑zero solutions.

Supporting Industry Dialogue

We actively work with different organizations and 

associations around the world to enhance our understanding 

of the issues and trends facing our industry and company. 

The benefits we receive from trade and industry 

associations range from best practice sharing to technical 

standard setting and issue advocacy. We do not always 

agree with all positions taken by the organizations that 

we work with. For example, we may not always be fully 

aligned with the positions they take on climate change or 

regulatory reform. In these cases, we make our views known 

and seek to influence their policy positions. We have strong 

governance around our association activities and annually 

report on trade association memberships with dues more 

than $50,000.

We are members or sponsors of external groups that 

support our efforts to manage climate‑related risks. 

Ipieca established its Climate Change Working Group 

In 2021, Ipieca clarified its purpose 
on providing best practice 
guidance on GHG emissions 
monitoring, reporting and 
management to improve industry 
performance. ConocoPhillips is 
aligned with Ipieca in its efforts 
to bring together members of 
industry to knowledge share on 
GHG reduction efforts.

Ipieca participates in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 

Change (IPCC) and the United Nations Framework Convention 

on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and provides Ipieca members 

with reliable and timely information about these and other 

international processes dealing with climate change.

We are sponsors of the MIT — Joint Program on the Science 

and Policy of Global Change which supports efforts to:

• 

Improve knowledge of interactions among human and 

natural Earth systems, with a focus on climate and energy, 

and of the forces that drive global change.

•  Prepare quantitative analyses of global change risk and 

its social and environmental consequences.

•  Provide independent assessments of potential 

responses to global risks, through emissions mitigation 

and anticipatory adaptation, contributing to improved 

understanding of these issues among other analysis 

groups, policymaking communities and the public.

in 1988. Since then, the group has monitored climate 

•  Augment the pool of people needed for work in this area 

science and policy discussions, engaging with international 

by the education of graduate and undergraduate students 

governmental bodies and other stakeholders. It is not an 

in relevant disciplines of economic and Earth science 

advocacy body and does not engage in lobbying on climate 

analysis and methods of policy assessment.

or other issues. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202282ClimateAn interdisciplinary team of natural scientists, social 

•  Net-Zero Business Alliance: Initiative from the Bipartisan 

scientists and policy analysts supports this mission, with 

Policy Center to bring together business leaders and 

their efforts coordinated through the maintenance and 

frame an affirmative and pragmatic approach in the 

application of a set of analytical frameworks that integrate 

climate solutions debate and subsequently engage 

the various components of global system change and 

with governments (as a group and directly) to advance 

potential policy response. 

IHS Markit, now part of S&P Global, hosts forums where 

member companies can discuss global climate change and 

clean energy research and its implications for policy. They 

provide a wide range of research products to ensure that 

an aggressive climate strategy that is grounded in 

engineering, commercial and economic realities. 

•  Net-Zero Company Benchmark: Engaging with Climate 

Action 100+ twice each year to gather feedback to 

strengthen our approach to managing climate‑related risk.

members are up to date with current developments around 

•  Natural Gas Initiative: Program led by Stanford 

the world.

Additionally, we have worked with the following groups:

University researchers with participation from industry, 

government, inter‑governmental organizations and 

foundations. Initiative aims to Increase public access to 

• 

International Oil and Gas Producers Association (IOGP).

information about the accuracy of methane detection and 

•  Socially responsible investors (SRIs).

•  Nongovernmental organizations (NGOs).

Our engagement with investors has focused on climate‑

related risks in many one‑on‑one meetings and periodic 

conferences, such as with the Interfaith Center on Corporate 

Responsibility. We have also engaged on climate‑related 

issues and sustainability risks with institutions such as JP 

Morgan, Citi, Moody’s, Fitch and S&P.

Cross-Sector Collaboration

External engagement and collaboration remain an area of 

focus for us because the energy transition will require joint 

efforts to achieve meaningful emissions reductions and 

evolve policy solutions. In 2022, we participated in or had 

membership in the following:

•  World Bank Zero Routine Flaring by 2030: Initiative 

that aims to achieve consistency among efforts by 

governments, the oil and gas sector and development 

institutions to address routine flaring.

•  The Environmental Partnership: Coalition of about 100 oil 

and natural gas companies working to improve methane 

emissions management.

•  E&P Net-Zero Principles Roundtable: Facilitated by 

Ceres, a small group of financial sector stakeholders, E&P 

oil and gas companies and NGOs, seeking to define what 

it means to be a Paris‑aligned E&P company.

quantification technologies.

•  Pathways Alliance: Program that includes Canada’s Oil 

Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) as well as the Oil 

Sands Pathways to Net‑Zero Initiative, which is an alliance 

of Canada’s top oil sands operators working toward 

achieving net‑zero operational GHG emissions by 2050. 

ConocoPhillips was one of COSIA’s founding members.

• 

International Emissions Trading Association (IETA): 

Nonprofit business organization created in 1999 to 

establish a functional international framework for trading 

GHG emissions reductions.

•  Climate Leadership Council (CLC): International policy 

institute to promote a carbon dividends framework in 

the U.S.

•  Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC): Global 

voluntary partnership to share and expand the evidence 

base for effective carbon pricing policies. 

•  National Petroleum Council: Advisory Committee 

to the U.S. Secretary of Energy. As an NPC member, 

ConocoPhillips is leading a study on Natural Gas GHG 

Emissions Across the Value Chain, a multi‑stakeholder 

effort aimed at delivering recommendations on ways to 

reduce the GHG footprint of natural gas. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202283ClimateIn addition to these groups, in July 2022 ConocoPhillips 

joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 

Initiative, a voluntary, public‑private partnership between 

the United Nations Environment Programme, the European 

Commission, the Environmental Defense Fund and 100 oil 

and gas companies. OGMP 2.0 has emerged as a globally 

recognized initiative for methane emissions measurement 

and reporting and is aimed at minimizing methane emissions 

from global oil and gas operations. We are committed to 

improving the transparency of our methane emissions 

reporting and delivering on our methane reduction 

objectives and targets by collaborating with industry peers 

to accelerate best practices in our operations. 

In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate 

source‑level and site‑level measurements when estimating 

methane emissions from our operations. 

To complement our work with OGMP 2.0, we are also 

participating in the Veritas Differentiated Gas Measurement 

and Verification Initiative, a U.S.‑based methane 

measurement initiative run by the Gas Technology Institute 

(GTI). The Veritas program is an effort among academics, 

environmental groups, certification organizations and oil 

and gas operators to develop new tools to assess and verify 

measurement‑informed methane emissions. The Veritas 

Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability  
advocacy organization, facilitated 
collaboration among a small group 
of financial sector stakeholders, E&P  
companies and NGOs. They worked to 
define what it means to be a Paris-aligned 
E&P company. Recognizing the segment 
has limited opportunities to diversify its 
business model, the collaboration focused 
on solutions for reaching net-zero emissions 
that also meet transition demand. 

The resulting product, Key Elements for 
a Net-Zero Transition for Operations at 
Oil and Gas Exploration & Production 
Companies, is a basis for engagement and 
direction as net-zero pathways are traveled.

multiple industry segments, and audit and assurance for 

third‑party verification of an emissions inventory. 

program developed a series of protocols to calculate 

We signed on to OGMP 2.0 and Veritas simultaneously as the 

emissions reductions, including protocols for methane 

two frameworks have the potential to operate in tandem. Our 

intensity, measurements to inform emissions inventories, 

joint participation is an effort to influence the pace of action 

reconciliation of emission factor inventories with actual 

on methane emissions across the whole industry, not just 

measurements, supply chain summation to aggregate 

at ConocoPhillips.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202284ClimatePublic Policy 
Engagement

Our advocacy and lobbying are aligned with our focus 

on reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and supporting 

sensible policies that reduce Scope 3 emissions. 

ConocoPhillips believes a well‑designed pricing regime 

on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to reduce 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the global economy, 

and we continue to advocate for policies aligned with our 

carbon pricing principles as well as effective and efficient 

regulatory actions. We support the aims of the Paris 

Agreement, which include limiting the rise of global average 

temperatures well below 2 degrees Celsius, as reflected 

in our Paris‑aligned ambition to be a net‑zero operational 

emissions company by 2050.

Proactive Engagement
Climate‑related policy action can support an orderly 

transition to a low‑carbon economy, facilitate the 

In 2021, ConocoPhillips was accepted as a Private Sector 

Partner within the Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition 

(CPLC), a global voluntary partnership run by the World 

Bank to share and expand the evidence base for effective 

carbon pricing policies. Participation in the CPLC further 

demonstrates our commitment to carbon pricing and is 

complementary to our engagement with the CLC.

In addition to our work with the CLC and CPLC, we also 

recognize the policy trend in the U.S. toward a regulatory 

approach to emissions reductions, and we advocate for 

effective and efficient regulations and legislation to advance 

economic incentives and reduce GHG emissions. To that end, 

we are leading discussions around additional policy options, 

aligned with our principles, that address end‑use emissions:

•  Supporting development of alternative carbon pricing 

mechanisms including some sector‑specific programs, 

which if developed for multiple sectors and combined 

with a World Trade Organization‑compliant Border 

Carbon Adjustment (BCA) mechanism could function like 

a carbon price.

development of innovative technology and reduce the 

•  Lobbying to support balanced and cost‑effective 

overall risks associated with climate. Since we published 

regulations aimed at directly reducing methane emissions 

our first global climate change position in 2003, we have 

from new and existing oil and gas sources.

remained consistent in our view that market‑based solutions 

at national and global levels, rather than a patchwork of less 

efficient regulatory approaches, will be most effective in 

reducing GHG emissions.

•  Supporting the advancement of alternative transportation 

and power generation as a member of the Fuel Cell and 

Hydrogen Energy Association (FCHEA).

•  Supporting the robust development of a voluntary offsets 

Among our efforts, ConocoPhillips is a founding member 

market through our membership in the International 

of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), an international 

Emissions Trading Association (IETA) and advocating 

policy institute founded in collaboration with business and 

via IETA and other trades in support of the further 

environmental interests to promote a carbon dividends 

development of a voluntary carbon market.

framework in the U.S. as the most cost‑effective, equitable 

and politically viable climate solution. Participation in the 

CLC provides an opportunity for ongoing dialogue about 

carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with 

our principles. We are also a member of Americans for 

Carbon Dividends (AFCD), the education and advocacy 

branch of the CLC, which focuses on progressing the 

bipartisan Baker‑Shultz Carbon Dividends Plan. Our company 

leadership consistently engages with members of Congress 

and the administration to express support for that plan. 

•  Leading the U.S. National Petroleum Council study on 

Natural Gas GHG Emissions Across the Value Chain, 

including making policy recommendations at the 

national level. 

•  Evaluating implementation rules of the Inflation Reduction 

Act of 2022 to enhance investment economics of several 

low carbon technology projects.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202285ClimateThe National Petroleum Council, a federal advisory 
committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy, is 
conducting a study on natural gas GHG emissions 
to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness 
of different approaches, individually and in 
combination, which could reduce and/or offset 
GHG emissions across the natural gas value chain 
up to the end-user. Ryan Lance is the private sector 
chair of the Study Committee, and ConocoPhillips 
is managing the study process, which is expected 
to be completed in early 2024. The study may 
identify reduction opportunities from technology 
investments, market mechanisms, and policy and 

regulatory measures. The study will also 
evaluate ways to reduce natural gas GHG 
emissions, including methane, CO2 from 
operations, and emissions attributed to 
flared natural gas, while valuing meaningful 
engagement with people and civic groups. 
Under most energy scenarios there is 
a demand for natural gas as a primary 
energy source, and the purpose of this 
study is to provide recommendations for 
simultaneously addressing affordability, 
energy security, and decarbonization to 
reduce the natural gas GHG footprint. 

We have also demonstrated strong engagement with major 

innovation and industry initiatives to reduce emissions from 

trade associations to advance climate policy positions that 

energy production, transportation and use by society. We 

include support for a market‑based approach to reduce GHG 

are active in many API committees that can also involve or 

emissions. To this end, we have shown successful leadership 

address climate‑related issues, and we work to contribute 

that has yielded positive results and progress within the 

our perspective in alignment with our positions and actions.

American Petroleum Institute (API), the Business Roundtable 

(BRT), the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and others. Our 

advocacy further addresses methane and flaring regulation, 

clean fuel or power standards, and sector‑specific 

regulations based on carbon‑intensity benchmarks. Publicly 

communicating our governance processes and the depth of 

our advocacy efforts is a crucial component of our outreach 

in addressing stakeholder concerns.

We also work with our trade associations to drive alignment 

with our climate change position.

The American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) 

Climate Change Group addresses climate change issues 

affecting the U.S. exploration and production sector of 

the oil and natural gas industry. The group has helped 

to develop AXPC’s climate policy and principles, its ESG 

Metrics Framework and Template, and its position on 

methane regulations.

Most trade organizations in which we participate have 

climate change positions that align with ours. Where they 

do not, we continue to offer our viewpoint and attempt to 

Within API’s Climate Committee, for example, we work 

work with them to better align their position with ours. For 

with peers to address climate change issues affecting 

example, we have worked to influence API, BRT, the U.S. 

the U.S. oil and natural gas industry. The group oversees 

Chamber of Commerce and other organizations to support 

the development of API’s Climate Position, Climate Policy 

the direct federal regulation of methane. In addition to 

Principles and industry initiatives. The group developed 

actively participating in trade organization position updates, 

the Climate Action Framework, a combination of policies, 

we have also voted against or abstained from supporting 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202286Climatespecific actions requested by a trade organization if 

their positions were not aligned with ours. We have also 

decided not to renew some memberships because of 

misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is 

climate change.

Read more about our alignment with our associations 

regarding climate change.

Read more about public policy governance and major trade 

association memberships.

Effective Policy

Climate change is a global issue which requires global 

solutions. Economy‑wide governmental GHG management 

frameworks should be linked to binding international 

agreements comprising the major GHG contributors. 

Effective public policies should:

Methane Policy

In the absence of a carbon price in the U.S., the economy‑

wide direct regulation of methane would be effective. We 

support well‑formulated federal regulation of methane 

emissions from oil and gas exploration and production if 

that regulation:

•  Encourages early adopters and voluntary efforts.

• 

Incorporates cost‑effective innovations in technology.

•  Supports appropriate state‑level regulations.

Climate Change Public Policy

We believe that effective climate change policy must be 

aligned with the following principles:

•  Recognize that climate change is a global issue which 

requires global solutions. Economy‑wide governmental 

GHG management frameworks should be linked to 

binding international agreements comprising the major 

Integrate energy and climate policy: Climate change 

GHG contributors.

policy and energy policy should be coordinated to ensure a 

•  Result in the stabilization of global GHG atmospheric 

diverse and secure supply of affordable energy and avoid 

concentrations.

overlapping or duplicating existing energy and climate 

change programs. This must create a level competitive 

playing field among energy sources and between countries 

and encourage efficient use of energy.

•  Coordinate with energy policy to ensure a diverse and 

secure supply of affordable energy.

•  Utilize market‑based mechanisms rather than technology 

mandates.

Promote innovation: Climate change policy should promote 

•  Create a level, competitive playing field among energy 

government and private sector investment in energy 

research and development and match the pace at which 

new technology can be developed and deployed.

sources and between countries.

•  Avoid overlapping or duplicating existing energy and 

climate change programs.

Demonstrate real GHG reductions: It should result in the 

•  Provide long‑term certainty for investment decisions.

stabilization of global GHG atmospheric concentrations and 

foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate.

•  Promote government and private sector investment in 

energy research and development.

Provide economic certainty: It should provide long‑term 

•  Match the pace at which new technology can be 

certainty for investment decisions and avoid undue harm to 

developed and deployed.

the economy.

•  Encourage efficient use of energy.

Read more about our climate change public policy 

•  Foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate.

principles.

•  Avoid undue harm to the economy.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202287ClimateCarbon Pricing

Demand‑side emissions reduction efforts are required 

for climate goals to be achieved because supply‑side 

constraints alone would be ineffective in reducing global 

emissions. ConocoPhillips believes a well‑designed pricing 

regime on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to 

reduce GHG emissions across the global economy and, in 

particular, to address Scope 3 end-use emissions. A revenue-

neutral carbon tax that is transparent, predictable and 

cost‑effective to administer would be an effective policy 

option. It should result in some relief via the elimination of 

other laws and regulations aimed at reducing or controlling 

carbon and other GHG emissions. It is also the best way to 

regulate methane. Carbon pricing policy should support the 

implementation of currently economic emissions reduction 

projects and provide support for innovation to encourage the 

development of currently uneconomic projects. A price on 

carbon would also provide a stable and predictable market 

signal that would impact investment flows and end‑user 

choices in a manner that minimizes adverse local economic 

and social impacts of an energy transition.

We advocate for carbon pricing directly through 

engagement with government legislators and regulators 

in all jurisdictions in which we operate, and indirectly via 

collaboration with trade associations that are aligned 

with our strategy. Read more about our position on 

carbon pricing.

We are a Founding Member of the Climate Leadership 

Council (CLC), an international policy institute founded in 

collaboration with business and environmental interests 

to promote a carbon dividends framework as the most 

cost‑effective, equitable and politically‑viable climate 

solution in the U.S. Participation in the CLC provides another 

opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and 

framing the issues in alignment with our principles. We also 

belong to and fund Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD), 

the education and advocacy branch of the CLC. We support 

and are advocating for a carbon price contingent upon 

four pillars: a gradually increasing carbon price, carbon 

dividends for all Americans, border carbon adjustments and 

regulatory simplification.

In 2022, we also worked closely with members of the 

Business Roundtable (BRT) and the American Petroleum 

Institute (API) to engage with the Voluntary Carbon Markets 

Initiative (VCMI), a platform for encouraging net‑zero aligned 

participation in a voluntary carbon market. Through BRT and 

API, we worked with the architects of the VCMI to develop an 

inclusive framework and create space for future dialogues 

as carbon markets develop.

We have been actively engaged in climate‑related 

discussions with policy makers and stakeholders since our 

first global climate change position was published in 2003. 

Since then, we have developed Climate Change Action 

Plans, set an emissions intensity target, integrated carbon‑

restricted scenarios into our strategic planning process and 

published carbon tax principles. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202288ClimateGlobal Principles for Country-Specific 
Carbon Tax Legislation

A well‑designed carbon tax or other legislative proposal 

to fix and impose a price on carbon dioxide or other GHGs 

•  Predictable: The application of a carbon tax and the 

tax rate may be adjustable when necessary, but such 

adjustments should be infrequent and should be limited to 

those designed to achieve the broader environmental goal 

should meet the following principles: 

of the tax legislation.

•  Economy-wide: A carbon tax designed to fix and impose 

•  Cost-effective administration: Existing channels of 

a price should apply as broadly across the economy as 

administratively practicable.

•  Non-discriminatory: GHG emissions alone should form 

the basis of taxation. A carbon tax should not “pick 

winners and losers” among industries or emissions 

sources or discriminate in providing subsidies to energy 

sources.

•  Uniform: A carbon tax should apply to all GHG emissions 

at the same rate on a “units of carbon dioxide equivalent” 

basis using the IPCC standard 100‑year global warming 

potential.

tax collection and emissions reporting systems should 

be used if feasible. Where actual emissions cannot be 

measured, best efforts based upon sound science should 

be used as an estimate.

•  Globally competitive: A country‑specific carbon tax 

rate should be set in accordance with existing taxation 

channels and emissions reporting systems and be 

adjusted to ensure global competitiveness. Depending 

on the point of taxation chosen, carbon tax legislation 

should include a border adjustment mechanism or other 

attributes designed to mitigate competitive disadvantages 

to host country industry when competing in global 

•  Transparent: To most efficiently incentivize changes 

markets.

to consumer behavior, a carbon tax should be imposed 

at the point in the value chain which is as close as 

administratively practicable to the point and timing of the 

emission. If a point is chosen further upstream, a system 

of credits or other mechanisms should be designed to 

eliminate (or prevent) taxation of emissions applicable 

to taxable products sequestered downstream of the 

•  Revenue recycling: A carbon tax should be revenue‑

neutral and used in such a way as to minimize economic 

impact.

•  Compliance flexibility: A federal carbon tax should 

include multiple options for compliance, including offset 

credits from a broad range of jurisdictions, cash payments 

point of taxation and to those used as feedstocks for the 

or flexible compliance frequency.  

manufacture of products in which GHGs are stored. 

•  Avoid double taxation: A federal carbon tax should 

preempt state, provincial and local carbon taxes and 

renewable production tax credits.     

•  Provide regulatory relief: A federal carbon tax should 

replace all environmental laws and regulations that are 

intended to reduce or control carbon and other GHG 

emissions. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202289ClimateHistory of Engagement

In 2008, we adopted and published our first Climate Change 

Action Plan to systematically address climate change risk. 

Our approach to public policy engagement on climate 

change has evolved. However, we remain consistent in our 

view that market‑based solutions at national and global 

levels, rather than a patchwork of less effective regulatory 

approaches, are most likely to be effective in reducing 

GHG emissions.  

In June 2009, the American Clean Energy and Security Act 

of 2009 (HR2454) (Waxman‑Markey) bill passed the House 

of Representatives. Although the USCAP Blueprint for 

Legislative Action was considered influential in the design of 

the legislation, we had serious concerns about some of the 

detailed elements in the bill. Following passage of the House 

Shortly after the merger of Conoco and Phillips Petroleum in 

bill, our focus turned to addressing issues of concern in the 

2003, we published our first global climate change position. 

Senate version of the legislation. In order to intensify our 

Since then, we have consistently used our Sustainability 

company’s focus and resources on addressing the key issues, 

Report to detail our commitments, priorities and actions. 

including the important role that natural gas can play in 

We have also participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project 

reducing U.S. GHG emissions, we announced in February 2010 

(now CDP) questionnaire in 2003.

that the company would not be renewing our membership 

Engagement Timeline

In 2004, we described actions that we would be taking to 

address climate change, including: 

•  Assessing data.

•  Developing objectives to reduce GHG emissions.

• 

Improving operational efficiency.

in USCAP.

Through more direct engagement, we were successful in 

helping to develop draft legislation that incorporated a more 

equitable approach to energy sectors while maintaining 

environmental effectiveness. We issued a statement 

regarding the draft legislation introduced in the Senate in 

May 2010.

•  Developing climate change considerations for  

Since 2010, we’ve continued to work toward approaches that 

project planning and approval processes.

are practical and effective, including active participation in 

•  Engaging in discussions on climate change through 

the International Petroleum Industry Environmental 

Conservation Association (now Ipieca).

•  Joining the International Emissions Trading  

Association (IETA).

In 2005, we began trading in the European Union Emission 

Trading System and later established a team within our 

London‑based Commercial team to originate carbon offsets 

through the UNFCCC’s Clean Development Mechanism and 

Joint Implementation program.

Through our membership in the U.S. Climate Action 

Partnership (USCAP) beginning in 2007, we actively 

dialogue with trade associations like the American Petroleum 

Institute (API), industry partners and the government to 

advocate for smart policy solutions. Detailed discussion of 

our major engagements on regulatory and legislative issues 

is provided later in this section.

In 2021, we made the decision to rejoin IETA to further our 

advocacy for market solutions to the climate challenge. 

IETA is a nonprofit business organization created in 1999 to 

establish a functional international framework for trading in 

GHG emissions reductions. IETA members seek to develop 

an emissions trading regime that results in real and verifiable 

GHG emissions reductions, while balancing economic 

efficiency with environmental integrity and social equity. 

participated in efforts to design an effective legislative 

IETA is a global carbon policy organization, and they support 

approach.

carbon offset trading systems. Their membership includes 

leading international companies from across the carbon 

trading cycle. IETA have a seat on the Task Force for Scaling 

Voluntary Carbon Markets (TSVCM).

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202290ClimateExamples of Regulatory 
Engagement 

Collaborating with a broad range of stakeholders on 

effective climate change policy and GHG emissions solutions 

is key to solving the climate change challenge.

the oil and gas sector. We have engaged the regulators 

throughout the rulemaking process for each proposal 

and provided substantial technical comments to aid in the 

development of workable regulations through our trade 

associations. Our advocacy efforts highlight and build upon 

the progress industry has made to reduce emissions and 

In 2014, we publicly supported the Gas Capture Plan in North 

continuously improve environmental performance. 

Dakota, now required, which took a pro‑active approach 

to flare gas reduction. We entered into agreements with 

pipeline companies to ensure the availability of gathering 

infrastructure necessary to reduce emissions.

In 2016, we supported the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 

(BLM) Onshore Order 1, electronic filings, as the proposed 

changes reduced work and errors and sped up response 

time for both industry and the government.

Recent Legislative Engagement 

In 2019, we worked within the broad coalition of Climate 

Leadership Council (CLC) members to better define details 

of the overarching implementation plan. That included work 

on topics such as carbon price escalation rates, points of 

taxation, regulatory backstop provisions, high energy‑cost 

region challenges and a border carbon adjustment. While 

the policy work continues with CLC members, the results 

Directly and through our trades we have worked to advance 

of that engagement are reflected in the more detailed CLC 

the development and deployment of carbon capture and 

plan released in early 2020. We also engaged with members 

storage to achieve a cleaner energy profile and improve U.S. 

of Congress directly and through Americans for Carbon 

economic security. In 2018, Congress passed the Furthering 

Dividends. This included reviewing several proposed climate 

Carbon Capture, Utilization, Technology, Underground 

bills and continuing to offer technical feedback on those 

Storage, and Reduced Emissions Act to enhance the 45Q 

bills to elected representatives and their staff. The company 

tax credit to further incentivize carbon capture and storage 

remains engaged with representatives from both sides of the 

technology deployment in the United States. The primary 

political spectrum.

issue with the 45Q tax credit is the interpretation of what 

constitutes secure geological storage (SGS). In particular, 

we support the adoption of a commercially reasonable ISO 

standard to demonstrate secure geological storage in the 

context of captured carbon dioxide that gets sequestered 

underground for enhanced oil recovery projects. The 

standard should establish criteria for transparency and 

assurance that carbon dioxide removal is achieved. We also 

support self‑verification of compliance with the ISO standard 

given that our tax officer would attest to satisfying the 

requirements of 45Q under penalties of perjury.

In 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil Sands Pathways 

to Net‑Zero Alliance, which includes Canadian Natural 

Resources, Cenovus Energy, Imperial, MEG Energy and 

Suncor Energy. Together this group represents the 

companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil 

sands production. The goal of the alliance is to achieve 

net‑zero GHG emissions from oil sands operations by 

2050 to help Canada meet its climate goals, including 

the country’s Paris Agreement commitments and 2050 

net‑zero aspirations, with the help of CCS. ConocoPhillips 

is partnering with the founding members of the Pathways 

In 2022‑2023, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 

Alliance and governments to accelerate efforts to bring 

and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) have each proposed 

about meaningful change.

regulations targeted at reducing methane emissions from 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202291ClimateAssociation  
Engagement

Many trade organizations we participate in have climate 

change positions aligned to ours. Where they do not, we have 

continued to offer our viewpoint and attempt to work with 

them to better align their position with ours. For example, 

we’ve worked to influence the American Petroleum Institute 

(API), the Business Roundtable (BRT) and other organizations 

to support the direct federal regulation of methane. In 

addition to actively participating in trade organization 

position updates, we have also voted against or abstained 

from supporting specific actions requested by a trade 

organization if their positions were not aligned with ours. We 

have also decided not to renew some memberships because 

of misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is 

climate change. For more information about our governance 

and major trade associations please see Political Support 

Policies and Procedures.

With our history of constructive engagement related to 

the issue of end‑use emissions, we continue to devote 

significant time and effort engaging and advocating for 

along with the CLC’s advocacy organization, Americans for 

Carbon Dividends (AFCD), which is focused on progressing 

the Baker‑Shultz Carbon Dividends plan; since then, our 

Executive Leadership Team and Government Affairs staff 

have participated in well over 100 bipartisan meetings 

with members of Congress and the Administration. Our 

consistent, strong engagement with our major trade 

associations, including the API, BRT and the U.S. Chamber 

of Commerce, has influenced their climate policy positions 

to include support for a market‑based approach to GHG 

emissions. In 2021, ConocoPhillips was accepted as a 

Private Sector Partner within the Carbon Pricing Leadership 

Coalition (CPLC), a global voluntary partnership run by the 

World Bank to share and expand the evidence base for 

effective carbon pricing policies. Participation in the CPLC 

further demonstrates our commitment to carbon pricing 

and is complementary to our engagement with the Climate 

Leadership Council.

As part of our routine review of trade association 

membership, the company evaluates how trade 

organization policy positions align with those expressed by 

ConocoPhillips, including: 

a well‑designed federal price on carbon, including within 

Paris Agreement: ConocoPhillips’ greenhouse gas (GHG) 

our trade associations. We believe a price on carbon is 

emissions reduction targets and actions are consistent 

the most effective, equitable method to reduce GHG 

with the Paris Agreement’s aim to limit the rise of global 

emissions, including methane, across the economy. To 

temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius. In measuring 

advance this position, ConocoPhillips joined the Climate 

alignment, we considered policies which support the goals of 

Leadership Council (CLC) in 2019 as a Founding Member 

the Paris Agreement as aligned with our own.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202292ClimateCarbon Pricing: A well‑designed pricing regime on carbon 

Addressing Methane Emissions: The most effective tool for 

emissions is the most effective tool to reduce greenhouse 

emissions reductions across the economy would be a well‑

gas emissions across the global economy. Carbon pricing 

designed federal pricing regime on carbon emissions. In the 

policy should support the implementation of currently 

absence of a carbon pricing policy, we support enactment 

economic emissions reduction projects and provide support 

of cost‑effective federal methane regulations on new and 

for innovation to encourage the development of currently 

existing sources that would preserve a state’s ability to 

uneconomic projects. A revenue‑neutral carbon tax that is 

adapt implementation to local conditions. In measuring 

transparent, predictable and cost‑effective to administer 

alignment, we considered policies which support direct 

would be an effective policy option. It should result in some 

regulation of methane as aligned with our own.

relief via the elimination of other laws and regulations 

aimed at reducing or controlling carbon and other GHG 

emissions. In measuring alignment, we considered policies 

which support a market‑based mechanism to reduce GHG 

emissions across the economy as aligned with our own.

ASSOCIATION  ENGAGEMENT  TABLE

ASSOCIATION

PARIS AGREEMENT

CARBON PRICING

ADDRESSING 
METHANE EMISSIONS

American Petroleum Institute (API)

Aligned

Aligned

U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Chamber)

Some misalignments

Aligned

Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) 

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Natural Gas Supply Association (NGSA)

Some misalignments

Aligned

Some misalignments

International Oil & Gas Producers Association (IOGP)

Aligned

Business Roundtable (BRT)

National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) 

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Aligned

Some misalignments

No position

Some misalignments

American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC)

Some misalignments

No position

Aligned

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202293ClimateNature

Managing Nature-Related  
Risks and Impacts

In a 2019 global biodiversity assessment report, the Intergovernmental Science‑Policy 
Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES) reported that across much of 
the globe, nature has been significantly altered by human activity. The report defined 
five categories of impact drivers that contribute to biodiversity loss, including land- and 
sea‑use change, resource use, pollution, invasive species and climate change.

Following the IPBES report, the Global Biodiversity 

Taskforce on Nature‑related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) is 

Framework was adopted at the 2022 United Nations 

developing a disclosure framework for nature‑related risks 

Biodiversity Conference of the Parties to the U.N. Convention 

that reflects the expectations.

on Biological Diversity (COP15). The seminal framework 

establishes key global country‑level goals and targets 

related to nature. Additionally, we recognize that the 

We assess and disclose nature‑related risks, impacts, 

dependencies and opportunities within a framework of 

governance, strategy, risk management and disclosure.

Grassland restoration in the Permian Basin. Read more 
about our conservation initiatives at Quail Ranch.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202294ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202294Governance 

Our governance framework for sustainable development 

governance structure provides board and management 

(SD) risks, including those related to nature, extends from 

oversight of our strategic planning, SD policy and 

the Board of Directors Public Policy and Sustainability 

corporate SD risk management standards and 

Committee, through the Executive Leadership Team 

processes. Read more about our SD governance.

(ELT), to leaders and internal subject matter experts. This 

Strategy
Risks and Impacts 

ConocoPhillips activities and operations can directly or 

Assessment Tool’s (IBAT) Species Threat Abatement and 

indirectly contribute to nature impact drivers, including: 

Restoration (STAR) metrics and Key Biodiversity Areas, the 

•  Land‑  or sea‑use change through activities and operations 

resulting in habitat disturbance, reduced habitat intactness 

and impacts on species distribution.

•  Pollution associated with unplanned events including 

water, chemical, air or other emissions releases. 

•  Unintentional introduction of invasive species.

International Union for the Conservation of Nature’s (IUCN) 

Red List of Threatened Species and Red List of Ecosystems, 

the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Biodiversity Risk Filter, the 

World Resources Institute’s (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, 

and the World Conservation Monitoring Center’s (WCMC) 

Ecological Integrity Index. Implementation of an assessment 

methodology based on consistent, recognized, global data 

•  Resource use through fresh water withdrawal.

sources will enable us to identify assets located in or near 

In 2022, we continued exploring different ways for assessing 

the state of nature at our operated assets using geospatial 

low integrity or high importance ecosystems and support 

prioritization of mitigation actions. 

data layers. This included using assessment indicators which 

Our operated assets are located within eight biomes and 

include geospatial datasets such as the Integrated Biodiversity 

14 ecoregions:

BIOME1

OPERATED ASSET 

ECOREGIONS 

Boreal Forest/Taiga 

•  Surmont  

•  Mid‑Canada boreal plains forests 

Deserts and Xeric Shrublands 

•  Eagle Ford 

•  Delaware Basin 

•  Midland Basin 

•  Uinta Basin 

•  Tamaulipan mezquital 

•  Chihuahuan desert 

•  Colorado plateau shrublands 

Marine Shelfs 

•  Greater Ekofisk Area 

•  North Sea 

•  Southern Norway 

Temperate Broadleaf and Mixed Forests 

•  Eagle Ford

•  East central Texas forests 

Temperate Grasslands, Savannas and 
Shrublands 

Temperate Conifer Forests 

Tropical and Subtropical Grasslands,  
Savannas and Shrublands 

Tundra

1  Source: RESOLVE Ecoregions and Biomes dataset.

•  Anadarko Basin 

•  Northern shortgrass prairie 

•  Bakken 

•  Eagle Ford 

•  Delaware Basin 

•  Midland Basin

•  Montney 

•  APLNG  

•  Texas blackland prairies 

•  Western shortgrass prairie

•  Alberta‑British Columbia foothills forests

•  Brigalow tropical savanna 

•  Kuparuk 

•  Arctic coastal tundra 

•  Western North Slope 

•  Arctic foothills tundra

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202295NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202295As described in Assessing and Managing Risks, we evaluate 

or long‑term (10‑25 years). While cumulative effects tend 

and track our nature‑related risks through our SD Risk 

to be mid‑  to long‑term risks, other risk categories can be 

Register. Historically, nature‑related impacts and associated 

short‑, mid‑  or long‑term depending on location and the 

risks broadly fall into the following categories:

development stage of the asset.

•  Water sourcing, produced water disposal and seismicity.

Nature‑related risks identified in our annual SD risk 

•  Threatened or valued species and protected areas.

•  Cumulative effects.

•  Policy and regulations.

•  Disclosure and reporting.

The time horizons we use for nature‑related assessment 

are based on the time taken for the risk consequences to 

assessment process and characterized as significant or high 

are included in the corporate SD Risk Register. For each risk, 

we track the progress of mitigation actions, identify future/

planned mitigation actions, action owners and action or 

milestone target dates. Actions relate to specific business 

unit risks unless indicated as “global.” Nature‑related risks in 

our 2022 SD Risk Register are summarized below.

manifest themselves and our planning time horizons. We 

Read more about our assessment processes.

group risks into near‑term (0‑5 years), mid‑term (5‑10 years) 

RISKS

TIME HORIZON

MITIGATION ACTIONS CONTINUED OR STARTED IN 2022

Physical Risks (business unit-specific)

Threatened/valued 
species

Produced water 
disposal

Near‑ to mid‑term

•  Maintaining over 360,000 acres of voluntary conservation agreements. 

•  Completing development reviews for ecological sensitivity. 

•  Conducting wildlife surveys including population monitoring. 

•  Supporting proactive conservation through bird joint ventures.

Near‑ to mid‑term

•  Sharing of treated produced water with other operators. 

•  Conducting studies to identify additional produced water disposal alternatives. 

•  Initiating research to develop and pilot technologies and processes to treat produced 

water for potential beneficial reuse opportunities. 

•  Increasing produced water storage capacity. 

•  Ongoing engagement with local/Indigenous communities. 

Transition Risks – Policy and Legal (global)

Nature-related 
policy changes and 
regulations

Mid‑term

•  Initiating local priority species pressure‑state‑response assessment for global 

operated assets. 

•  Engaging with organizations developing nature‑related frameworks, metrics and 

targets. 

•  Completing assessment of alignment and gaps for evolving nature disclosure 

recommendations. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202296NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202296Dependencies and Opportunities

We identify ecosystem services, or dependencies, for 

each operated asset as well as for local communities in 

fresh water withdrawal, water stress, offshore produced 

water discharges and onshore produced water disposal can 

lead to business risks through:

the vicinity of our activities and operations. We consider 

•  Restricting access to water supply, exploration or 

ecosystem services for operations and communities 

operational areas resulting in project delays or business 

including:

interruption. 

•  Provisioning services like water supply.

•  Regulating services including flood and storm mitigation.

•  Cultural services such as recreation, spiritual value and 

education. 

We also identify opportunities during the risk assessment 

process which are mitigation actions designed to avoid, 

minimize or restore impacts consistent with the mitigation 

hierarchy. Opportunities are implemented to mitigate nature‑

related risks at the business unit level or as a strategic 

corporate priority. 

Business and Strategy 

•  Limiting production techniques such as hydraulic 

fracturing or restricting produced water discharge/

disposal to address basin‑level cumulative effects.

• 

Increasing costs associated with policy changes and 

regulations.

•  Actions by investors, the financial sector and regulators 

including increased reporting expectations related to 

environmental and social performance and shareholder 

resolutions.

We have tested the robustness of our nature‑related 

corporate water and biodiversity strategies using plausible 

future states. The objective of the assessment was to 

Nature‑related risks have the potential to impact our 

identify strengths and weaknesses of valid strategy 

business in several ways. Our SD risk management process 

alternatives. The planning considered factors including 

facilitates identifying those risks and enables determining 

biodiversity loss, exposure to water stress and the evolution 

the potential consequence severity, likelihood and timing 

of regulations or expectations from regulators, investors and 

of occurrence of each. Impacts to biodiversity, habitats, 

the financial industry.

ecosystems and dependencies or those associated with 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202297NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202297Risk and Impact 
Management

Assessment, Management and 
Integration

Our SD Risk Management Standard outlines a process for 

Our long‑range and strategic planning activities consider 

SD risks and mitigation. Our Long-Range Plan (LRP) 

forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering 

our proposed portfolio development and performance, 

production, costs and cash flows. We also use the LRP to 

forecast GHG emissions and water use to understand our 

future environmental footprint. 

operated assets and projects to assess nature‑related risks 

Sustainability risks are integrated into the corporate 

to ensure corporate oversight, assurance and consistent 

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) system. Risks from 

implementation. The standard mandates developing action 

the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant 

plans for risks ranked significant or high and tracking 

enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational 

them in the corporate SD Risk Register. Risks that are no 

and political. Owners of these enterprise risks, who are 

longer ranked significant or high, due to the effectiveness 

Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members or senior 

of mitigation actions, as well as risks identified as medium, 

managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation 

continue to be tracked at the business unit and corporate 

activities. Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit 

level. The results of the assessment are integrated into key 

and Finance Committee (AFC) of the board. The AFC receives 

business‑planning processes for the company, from business 

annual updates on how enterprise risk is being addressed, 

development activities and exploration to developing major 

mitigated and managed across the company.

capital projects and managing our day‑to‑day operations. 

Read more about our risk process. 

The assessment process is guided by our SD risk assessment 

tool and comprises the following:

ASSESSMENT STEP

ASSESSMENT OUTPUT

Risk Assessment 

•  Impacts on nature and ecosystem services considering all potentially relevant nature‑related 

physical and transition risks. 

•  Potential business consequences. 

•  Consequence occurrence time horizon: near‑, mid‑  or long‑term. 

Risk Ranking

•  Potential financial consequence severity assuming cumulative impacts over a 10‑year period. 

Mitigation Action Plan 

•  Risk mitigations already in place. 

•  Likelihood of occurrence for 10‑year period.

•  Additional mitigations or opportunities planned. 

•  Mitigation action owner, target completion and progress.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202298NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202298External Collaboration  
and Engagement

•  Canada: Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA), 

Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT), Canadian 

Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) and the 

Northeast British Columbia Montney Operators Group. 

We focus our external engagement on: 

•  U.S. Lower 48: National Alliance for Water Innovation, 

•  Developing industry leading practices, guidance and 

New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, Texas 

conducting benchmarking with industry organizations. 

Produced Water Consortium, South Texas Energy and 

•  Collaborating with local and regional communities, peer 

companies and industry groups. 

•  Supporting research and educational initiatives. 

Economic Roundtable Water Sustainability Committee, 

the Energy Water Initiative, PARETO – The Produced Water 

Optimization Initiative, Texas A&M Natural Resources 

Institute, Texas A&M University‑Kingsville Caesar Kleberg 

We collaborate and engage with Ipieca, the global oil and 

Wildlife Research Institute Texas Native Seeds Program, 

gas industry association for environmental and social issues 

Texas A&M AgriLife Research, Sul Ross State University 

and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers 

Borderlands Research Institute, Western Association 

(IOGP). In 2022, we collaborated with the Ipieca Environment, 

of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, New Mexico LPC/DSL 

Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services and Water working 

Technical Committee, Respect Big Bend Coalition.

groups on nature‑related disclosure and reporting, nature‑

•  Corporate: Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Biodiversity 

Standard Technical Committee, Taskforce on Nature‑

related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) Stakeholder Group 

and World Benchmarking Alliance Nature and Biodiversity 

Benchmark draft methodology through Ipieca, and 

Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) Corporate 

Engagement Program.

positive, protected areas reporting, post‑2020 Global 

Biodiversity Framework implementation, Biodiversity Action 

Plan guidance and nature‑based solutions. In addition, we 

collaborated with IOGP on habitat retention strategies for 

decommissioned offshore jacket structures. 

We also collaborate with local, regional and international 

stakeholders and industry groups, including: 

•  Alaska: North Slope Science Initiative, Bureau of Land 

Management. 

•  Australia: Gas Industry Social & Environmental Research 

Alliance, Gladstone Healthy Harbour Partnership, Port 

Curtis Integrated Monitoring Program. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202299NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202299Managing 
Biodiversity-Related  
Risks and Impacts 

We manage risks and mitigate impacts to areas in or near 

low integrity or high importance ecosystems through the use 

of the Mitigation Hierarchy. We support habitat and species 

conservation through strategic and proactive conservation 

initiatives in collaboration with conservation partners. Read 

our Biodiversity Position.

Mitigation Hierarchy

The mitigation hierarchy is a decision‑making framework 

involving a sequence of four prioritized steps to mitigate 

adverse biodiversity impacts: avoid, minimize, restore 

and offset.

Avoid

Some biodiversity impacts can be avoided through 

careful spatial or temporal placement of infrastructure 

or scheduling field activities outside peak migration or 

breeding seasons.

Alaska

For more than 18 years we have funded grizzly bear research 

to help improve our activities and avoid human influence on 

bears. We conduct aerial infrared surveys in coastal areas 

of the North Slope of Alaska where winter activities are 

planned to look for heat signatures indicative of polar bears 

in dens. Ice road routes are carefully mapped out, avoiding 

rough terrain, cultural sites and other potentially sensitive 

species for North Dakota and are present throughout our 

asset area in McKenzie County. Because of their importance 

in the North Dakota grasslands, we initiated a three‑year 

study in 2020.

The goal of the study is to gain a better understanding of 

sharp‑tailed grouse nesting, summer/brood rearing and 

wintering habitat types, and local migration and movement 

patterns. In 2022, an additional 15 female and male 

sharp‑tailed grouse were tagged with GPS transmitters, 

bringing the total to 60. Preliminary results from the GPS 

tagging indicate grouse within the study area use a wide 

variety of habitats including areas in close proximity to 

badland and forested habitat as well as agricultural fields. 

Statistical analyses are currently being worked based on 

the nest location and GPS data to include nesting habitat 

characteristics and nesting habitat resource selection model, 

female habitat use during the spring and summer, and 

male habitat use during the lekking and summer periods. 

These analyses will provide the scientific input needed 

to determine the most effective way to avoid impacting 

sharp‑tailed grouse populations throughout their life cycle. 

Learn more about our project‑specific approach to avoidance 

planning in North Dakota.

In the Permian, we identify and assess ecologically 

sensitive areas on company‑owned land in the development 

pre‑planning phase. These sensitive areas include playa 

lakes, waterways (such as rivers, draws and arroyos), 

areas with significant plant diversity and known sensitive 

species habitat. We integrate our understanding of these 

areas into the design of our surface development plans to 

areas. Read more about how we work to avoid human‑bear 

Sharp-tailed grouse in the Bakken.

interactions.

In 2022, we built the equivalent of 495 acres of winter 

ice roads and ice pads which melted away in the summer. 

Ground‑disturbing activity on the tundra, such as gravel 

placement and other construction, occurs in the winter, 

outside of the migratory bird breeding season.

U.S. Lower 48

In the Bakken area of North Dakota, we aim to design our 

footprint to balance protection of the existing ecosystem 

with current and future land uses near our operations. 

Sharp‑tailed grouse are considered a management indicator 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022100NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022100identify options for avoiding impacts to sensitive habitats 

in 2012 to 0.30 in 2021, a reduction of approximately 11%. 

or biodiversity.

Strategic initiatives like voluntary conservation agreements 

also help avoid adverse biodiversity impacts and protect 

We support COSIA in the development of environmental 

performance indicators for in‑situ oil sands operators that 

will replace the footprint intensity reduction goal.

sensitive habitats near our operations. These formal 

As part of our focus to proactively minimize footprint 

agreements with the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and/or 

at Surmont we are participating in the COSIA EcoSeis 

other federal or state agencies typically require that new 

project. EcoSeis focuses on the challenge of seismic data 

well locations and surface infrastructure avoid certain 

acquisition, which historically has required cutting a network 

species habitats or sensitive areas within those habitats. 

of narrow corridors through the boreal forest to transport 

We have enrolled approximately 700 acres in conservation 

and deploy geophysical survey equipment. These seismic cut 

agreements that protect the lesser prairie chicken in 

lines represent a significant contribution to our exploration 

Texas and over 266,000 acres to protect the lesser prairie 

footprint. The purpose of EcoSeis is to reduce the impacts 

chicken and the dunes sagebrush lizard in New Mexico. 

of new seismic lines by reducing the width of the cut 

In addition, we have enrolled more than 95,000 acres in 

lines. In 2022, we completed a successful EcoSeis pilot at 

conservation agreements that protect the endangered Texas 

Surmont acquiring high‑resolution seismic images reducing 

hornshell mussel.

Minimize

We minimize biodiversity impacts through measures taken to 

reduce the duration, intensity and/or extent of the footprint 

of our operations. New drilling technology, data analytics 

techniques and integrated planning have helped reduce our 

infrastructure footprint and improve reservoir development 

efficiency through multi‑well pads, longer lateral wells, 

multi‑lateral wells, tankless pads and central facilities.

Norway

the overall footprint by over 40% compared to using 

conventional seismic technology. This phase of the EcoSeis 

project and additional assessment will be completed in 2024.

The Surmont Boreal Reclamation Project, a research initiative 

with the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre 

for Boreal Research, is focused on upland boreal forest 

reclamation techniques. This project has demonstrated 

benefits to actively planting nursery stock seedlings on 

a previously disturbed reclamation area (in this case a 

soil stockpile). Results of the research confirmed that 

high‑density planting (10,000 stems/ha) supports faster 

In 2022, we completed field studies using glider technology 

development of forest canopy vegetation, and after six 

to assess and minimize the effects of seismic surveys 

growing seasons, there is evidence of progression toward a 

and produced water discharges at Ekofisk. Gliders are 

vegetation community with typical forest attributes.

unmanned, autonomous vehicles operating underwater, 

driven by gravity, or they are operated at the surface driven 

by wind, waves, gravity and solar energy. Surface gliders are 

about the size of a surfboard and we use gliders to conduct 

research and to collect data about the potential impact of 

activities on the marine environment and ocean life. 

Canada

Alaska

The size of well pads has been reduced from 65 acres in 

1970 to about 12 acres. At the same time, the drilling radius 

has increased from 5,000 feet to about 22,000 feet. In 2022, 

we completed the first well using our extended‑reach drill 

(ERD) rig, reaching over 35,000 feet in length. Our engineers 

are also integrating biodiversity preservation measures 

Through Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA), 

into the design and siting of infrastructure. New pipelines 

ConocoPhillips Canada led the development of a goal to 

are elevated seven or more feet above the tundra to allow 

reduce the footprint intensity by 10% by 2022, measured 

caribou to cross underneath. New roads and pipelines 

from a 2012 benchmark. Achievements have been realized 

are also typically constructed 500 feet apart to further 

in surface infrastructure footprint optimization, improved 

facilitate unimpeded caribou movement. For new projects, 

drilling technology and progressive reclamation. While 

we place power cables on the pipeline racks to eliminate 

finalized 2022 data is pending, COSIA member companies 

the need to build overhead powerlines and to reduce bird 

have collectively reduced their footprint intensity from 0.34 

collision hazards.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022101NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022101Each year, ConocoPhillips Alaska conducts scientific field 

We completed a migratory shorebird monitoring study 

studies throughout the Colville River and northeastern 

to assess potential impacts on local population trends 

National Petroleum Reserve ‑ Alaska (NPR‑A) on the North 

associated with construction and operation of APLNG. The 

Slope of Alaska. These studies are conducted by respected 

shorebird monitoring study started in 2009 and continued 

scientists with many years of experience on the North Slope. 

for five years beyond the completion of construction, 

We collaborate with the North Slope Science Initiative and 

which concluded in 2021. Results indicated that population 

the Bureau of Land Management to share environmental 

trends are in response to regional effects and are unlikely 

reports. Our 2022 environmental field studies focused on 

to be associated with the ongoing operation of the facility. 

several avian species (eiders, loons, geese and shorebirds), 

Assessments will continue to be performed where major 

air quality, fish and subsistence fisheries, caribou, hydrology, 

construction activities are undertaken.

cultural resources and subsistence.

U.S. Lower 48

Shrinking pad size and increased drilling radius have 

also helped minimize the infrastructure footprint for our 

unconventional operations in the Lower 48. Our Biodiversity 

Mapping Tools inform development strategies for the 

Bakken, Eagle Ford and Permian. The GIS‑based tool helps 

identify the presence of sensitive species within project 

development areas and tracks results of field surveys or 

cultural resource surveys. 

Restore

When impacts and disturbance cannot be completely 

avoided or further minimized, we employ measures to 

restore the area to a stable, productive and self‑sustaining 

ecosystem through remediation or reclamation activities, 

considering beneficial uses of the impacted and surrounding 

areas. Remediation or reclamation of disturbed areas is 

part of our ongoing risk management at operating facilities 

and includes temporary and permanent measures. Asset 

retirement obligations are included in our Long‑Range Plan.

In the Permian, our understanding of habitats and species 

distribution on company‑owned land is integrated into 

Alaska

decision‑making during the planning and development 

process. Our approach focuses on concentrating 

infrastructure in development corridors and utilizing 

horizontal drilling to reduce habitat fragmentation. Our 

goal is to minimize impact to ecologically sensitive habitats, 

biodiversity or areas of hydrological significance. A similar 

concept, based on utilizing centralized facilities, which 

reduces infrastructure footprint, land disturbance, impacts 

on wildlife, emissions and truck traffic is also being applied 

in our Bakken assets in North Dakota.

Australia

In Australia, we have been conducting field‑based monitoring 

of the mangroves near the APLNG facility quarterly 

In Kuparuk, we began reclaiming gravel mine sites in the 

late 1970s. We use gravel for roads and pads to provide a 

stable driving surface and to keep the underlying permafrost 

frozen. Once the gravel resource is extracted, the mine sites 

undergo reclamation, returning the area to a functioning 

habitat. In collaboration with the Alaska Department of Fish 

and Game and Alaska Department of Natural Resources we 

have selected gravel mine sites near streams to promote 

eventual flooding, creating deep over‑wintering fish habitat 

and providing fish with vital movement pathways. In addition 

to local fish habitat, this reclamation approach provides 

habitat for nesting shorebirds and grizzly bears. Reclamation 

is continuing at several North Slope gravel mine sites.

since 2012. This has included analyzing leaves, assessing 

Norway

seedling regeneration, measuring trees and assessing water 

Removal and recycling of offshore platforms reduces our 

chemistry. We added satellite monitoring to complement our 

footprint and restores marine habitat. Since 2010 we have 

field‑based study and to minimize human impact from the 

removed the topsides and jackets of 15 platforms as part 

on‑the‑ground monitoring process. The mangrove satellite 

of our offshore decommissioning activities. For seven of 

monitoring includes analyzing annual high‑resolution and 

the removed platforms, we have also mapped safety zones 

multi‑spectral images back to 2006 to assess long‑term 

and removed debris, making approximately 1,400 acres of 

mangrove canopy trends over a wider area. Results indicate 

seabed available for other users of the sea. Debris removal 

the facility has not caused an impact to the surrounding 

around platforms removed at the Ekofisk Complex will be 

mangroves and the canopy circumference has increased.

completed upon future Ekofisk decommissioning.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022102NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022102Caribou on Alaska’s North Slope.

Canada

In 2022, we completed the dismantling and remediation 

phase of Surmont’s pilot plant after 19 years as Surmont’s 

initial central processing facility. The decision to retire 

and reclaim the plant is part of our strategy to proactively 

The initiative has led to the adoption of improvements in 

site construction and reclamation practices and planting to 

accelerate site recovery and is transitioning from a special 

initiative to standard operating practice.

remove infrastructure that no longer contributes to active 

The Algar Restoration Project was a COSIA initiative that 

operations. We will start advancing the reclamation and 

aimed to restore disturbances from legacy conventional 

revegetation of the almost 20‑acre area in collaboration with 

seismic lines in caribou habitat. The five‑year project 

local Indigenous communities and vendors in summer 2023.

included tree planting and regeneration protection of about 

240 miles of linear disturbances, restoring over 600 acres.

At our Montney asset, we worked with a local Indigenous 

community in 2022 to select restoration sites for the British 

U.S. Lower 48

Columbia Dormant Sites Reclamation Program. The scope 

Our U.S. Lower 48 assets leverage strategic partnerships 

of the restoration work for each of the 10 sites selected by 

for proactive conservation with the goal of conserving 

the community was developed in collaboration between 

biodiversity and restoring habitat before they need to be 

representatives from the community and ConocoPhillips 

protected through government regulations. Read more about 

staff. The community contributed traditional knowledge and 

our proactive conservation achievements.

observations about key local species and the desired restored 

landscape for almost 40 acres. Our experts contributed 

expertise on innovative restoration and revegetation 

techniques. When possible, we retained community vendors 

to implement aspects of the restoration work. 

For company‑owned land in the Permian, we have a history 

of implementing stewardship programs in support of 

habitat restoration. In 2014, we contributed to the creation 

of the Yoakum Dunes Wildlife Management Area, which 

extends over approximately 14,000 acres in Terry and 

Since 2009, we have led an industry collaboration through 

Yoakum Counties near Lubbock, providing refuge for 

COSIA to accelerate reclamation of exploration well sites 

native grassland birds and wildlife, including the lesser 

in the Canadian boreal forest. The Faster Forests program 

prairie chicken, Baird’s sparrow, ferruginous hawk, western 

has resulted in more than 6 million trees and shrubs being 

burrowing owl, swift fox, black‑tailed prairie dog, Texas 

planted on about 5,500 acres of land in the oil sands region. 

horned lizard and mule deer. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022103NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022103In 2022, restoration and conservation achievements at the 

Australia

company‑owned Quail Ranch were awarded the Texas 

Federal and state government environmental approvals to 

Parks and Wildlife Department Lone Star Land Steward 

develop major construction projects in Australia require 

Award. The Lone Star Land Steward Awards program has 

biodiversity offsets to counterbalance disturbance. 

recognized conservation efforts of private landowners since 

Curtis Island represents a local LNG industry’s landmark 

1996. Located in Upton County, Quail Ranch encompasses 

conservation achievement. Combined with the existing 

over 90,000 acres in the Trans‑Pecos and Edwards Plateau 

conservation park, more than 59% of the island is actively 

ecoregions of Texas. Read more about our conservation 

managed under a conservation management plan, compared 

initiatives at Quail Ranch.

Other Permian restoration efforts include:

to just 2% used by LNG projects on the southern tip. This will 

protect the island’s unique ecology and heritage for future 

generations and contribute to conservation of about 100 

•  Completing 285 development reviews for ecological 

square miles in perpetuity. Read more about the Curtis Island 

sensitivity, conflicts with ranch operations, and adherence 

Conservation Park.

to conservation agreements and best management 

practices, and 69 wildlife surveys for six different species 

Canada

with ongoing population monitoring via remote sensing 

for select megafauna.

•  Enhancing habitat connectivity and promoting biodiversity 

using results from habitat assessments, including 

wildlife‑friendly fencing installation and water distribution 

projects to improve grazing distribution and access to 

water for wildlife.

•  Controlling noxious and invasive species, including brush 

control treatment of over 3,200 acres and treatment of 

African rue.

In 2022, our Montney team worked with a local Indigenous 

community to select three sites for a habitat offset program 

to address a British Columbia pipeline permit requirement. 

The program targeted a 4:1 offset for land disturbed in 

valued ecosystems as defined by the Indigenous community. 

Site selection and the scope of restoration work were 

determined in collaboration with the local Indigenous 

community after field reconnaissance visits. Three sites, 

covering a total area of about 16 acres, were selected for the 

offset program. Research on optimal site preparation and soil 

cover design conducted in collaboration with the Northern 

•  Reseeding over 360 acres of rights‑of‑way with locally 

Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre for Boreal Research 

adapted native plant species in collaboration with the West 

helped meet community expectations for site restoration.

Texas and Permian Basin‑Panhandle Native Seeds Projects.

•  Reclaiming and restoring decommissioned frack pits, 

well and battery pads, roads, surface lines and electrical 

infrastructure, including evaluation of effectiveness of 

treatments in restoring impacted areas.

We co‑funded the Junction Lake Conservation Site in 

Northern Alberta as a voluntary offset. The 289-acre 

conservation area provides a unique opportunity for the 

public to view the piping plover, an endangered bird species 

with a local population of only about 100. Through this 

•  Participation in programs recognizing landowners for 

conservation collaboration, we received the first “early action 

efforts to provide high‑quality habitat for pronghorn, mule 

recognition” from the Government of Alberta for a voluntary 

deer and white‑tailed deer.

offset in 2015.

Offsets

In collaboration with Ducks Unlimited we conserved the 

Biodiversity offsets may be used for impacts or disturbances 

Bullshead Conservation Area in southeastern Alberta in 

that remain after avoidance, minimization and restoration 

2014. It encompasses more than 2,050 acres of wetland‑rich 

measures have been implemented, or to address a 

prairie, native grasslands and high‑value wildlife and plant 

regulatory requirement. Our internal Biodiversity Offset 

species, including large numbers of waterfowl.

Guideline provides direction to asset teams where a 

biodiversity offset is a regulatory requirement or a strategic 

business preference. We have implemented biodiversity 

offsets in several areas of our operations. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022104NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022104Proactive 
Conservation

Proactive conservation describes voluntary efforts with 

the goal of conserving or restoring biodiversity and 

habitats, focusing on conservation of species primarily in 

the Lower 48 before they need to be protected through 

government regulations. Voluntary conservation actions 

benefit species that are at risk to become threatened 

or endangered in the future as well as species already 

designated. Our efforts are designed to create positive 

outcomes by reducing impact on biodiversity or nature and 

by contributing to its restoration.

In 2022, ConocoPhillips continued collaboration with 

strategic partners including government agencies, nonprofit 

organizations, institutions and conservation groups to:

•  Track and reduce barriers essential for migratory bird and 

terrestrial species survival.

•  Conserve and restore habitat crucial for species survival.

We have supported the 
conservation, restoration 
and improvement of 

OVER

20

by conservation partners 
through continued 
collaboration.

MILLION 
ACRES*

* Aggregated from impact reports provided by proactive conservation 

partners over the past two decades.

Migration

Understanding and tracking wildlife migration is crucial 

for conserving habitats essential to species survival. 

Without understanding migratory connectivity, conservation 

investments can often be ineffective because they are 

implemented at the wrong place or time, or for the wrong 

purpose. Further, regulatory or policy decisions based on 

missing or inconclusive scientific data have the potential to 

negatively impact our industry.

We support species migration programs including:

•  Smithsonian Institution’s Migratory Connectivity Project 

(MCP) collects information for several bird species of 

concern that follow a migratory flyway aligned with our 

areas of operation. Field expeditions in 2022 reconvened 

across North America (including the Western North 

Slope) in the first major return to pre‑pandemic travel 

and activities. MCP deployed 171 tags on 10 bird species, 

the highest number of individual birds and species ever 

worked in a single year. A new project builds momentum 

for grassland bird conservation through a range‑wide 

project involving 23 partners to study the connectivity of 

iconic prairie birds: Eastern and Western meadowlarks. 

MCP also completed 11 scientific papers in 2022, and 

a tag deployed by MCP is on exhibit in the National 

Air and Space Museum’s new exhibit on satellites: 

One World, Connected. 

•  National Fish & Wildlife Foundation’s Improving Habitat 

Quality in Western Big Game and Migration Corridors 

Program focuses on conserving habitat and restoring 

migration corridors needed to maintain healthy 

populations of pronghorn, elk and mule deer. Since 2019, 

the program has awarded $11.7 million across 52 projects, 

leveraging $57.5 million in matching contributions 

to generate a total conservation impact of more than 

$69.2 million. This investment has resulted in the 

protection, restoration and improved management of over 

870,000 acres, 670 miles of removed or improved fencing 

and 307 miles of reconnected migration corridors. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022105NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022105 
Habitat Conservation and 
Restoration

We focus our habitat conservation and restoration efforts on:

•  National Fish & Wildlife Foundation (NFWF): In 2022, the 

ConocoPhillips SPIRIT of Conservation program provided 

more than $1.0 million in direct funding to support six 

projects, including the completion of a multi‑phase project 

•  Activities to improve and expand habitat size, connectivity 

to expand the Motus radio‑telemetry network to collect 

and quality.

•  Removing encroaching vegetation that negatively 

impacts grassland‑nesting or sage‑steppe habitat 

nesting birds.

•  Reducing invasive species.

•  Restoring wetland function and restoring important 

breeding, wintering or stopover sites.

grassland bird migration data across the Great Plains and 

Chihuahuan Desert and to protect or restore over 7,100 

acres of grassland and wetland bird habitat in Alaska, 

Texas, South Dakota and Wyoming. Since 2005, the 

SPIRIT of Conservation program has awarded more than 

$14.9 million to 128 projects resulting in the conservation, 

restoration or enhancement of more than 528,000 acres. 

A preliminary estimate using NFWF’s proprietary carbon 

•  Working to protect key habitats for birds through support 

benefit estimator indicated these projects are anticipated 

of fee title or conservation easement acquisitions.

to generate a cumulative carbon benefit of 69,000 metric 

ConocoPhillips continues to work with strategic 

conservation partners to help preserve and protect 

important habitat for species survival. In 2022, significant 

progress was made to improve data sharing among 

conservation groups and conserving grassland and 

wetlands habitat.

tons by 2052.

•  NFWF: Pecos Watershed Conservation Initiative is 

dedicated to restoring and sustaining healthy rivers, 

streams and grasslands that provide important wildlife 

habitat in the Pecos River watershed and adjacent areas 

of New Mexico and Texas. In 2022, $1.5 million was 

awarded to support nine watershed conservation projects 

• 

In 2022, efforts continued to advance the 600 million‑

that resulted in the restoration of over 11,000 grassland 

acre Central Grasslands Roadmap interactive web 

acres benefiting multiple avian species and improving 

map. This collaborative habitat conservation initiative 

49 miles of pronghorn-friendly fencing. Since the 

to compile landscape level data pertinent to effective 

program’s inception in 2017, $8 million has been invested 

on‑the‑ground conservation efforts brings together more 

into 44 conservation projects.

than 200 conservation nongovernmental organizations 

(NGOs), Indigenous tribes, governmental agencies, policy 

makers and corporations. 

•  JV8 Central Grasslands Initiative, represented by 

more than 63 federal, state, provincial, nonprofit and 

industry conservation partners, eight of the Migratory 

Bird Joint Ventures, known as the JV8, have joined 

forces to stem grassland losses and negative impacts 

As the largest private owner of wetlands in Louisiana, we 

collaborate with Ducks Unlimited to conserve and restore 

wetlands habitats that threatened and endangered species 

depend on to live and thrive. Through these efforts, more 

than 100 wetland acres were restored and over 2,900 acres 

benefited or were enhanced in 2022. These efforts also 

provide greater societal benefits by:

to migratory bird habitat across the U.S., Canada, and 

•  Preserving the land’s ability to protect and nourish the 

Mexico. ConocoPhillips has supported five JV8 members, 

habitats of many wildlife species.

Northern Great Plains JV, Oaks and Prairies JV, Playa 

Lakes JV, Prairie Potholes JV and Rio Grande JV for 

many years. To date, they have worked to conserve over 

4 million acres. 

•  Protecting seafood, maritime trade, and natural gas and 

oil industries.

•  Protecting local homes and businesses.

• 

Increasing the quality of commercial and recreational 

fishing.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022106NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022106ConocoPhillips and Ducks Unlimited team 
members survey recent coastal restoration 
projects in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana. 

Since 2012, these efforts have helped to restore, conserve or 

habitat quality and connectivity for pronghorn, black‑tailed 

enhance over 25,000 acres. Read more about ConocoPhillips 

prairie dogs, western burrowing owls and other grassland 

conservation activities in Louisiana.

dependent species.

In addition to wetlands in Louisiana, we are stewards of 

We partner with the Intermountain West Joint Venture to 

almost 200,000 acres in the Permian Basin where we strive 

support the Sage Grouse Initiative, an effort by regulators, 

to balance energy production with stewardship of natural 

NGOs, universities and industry to conserve native 

resources. Through conservation planning and collaboration 

rangelands for the species. Additionally, we are co‑funding 

with partners including the Western Association of Fish 

a three‑year, landscape‑scale assessment project to develop 

and Wildlife Agencies, Borderlands Research Institute, 

a grassland birds conservation plan with recommendations 

and Caesar Kleberg Wildlife Research Institute, we have 

aiming to stabilize grassland bird populations and minimize 

restored grasslands across over 6,900 acres. Our efforts are 

impacts across the Great Plains.

focused on Playa Lakes and adjacent uplands, enhancing 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022107NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022107Managing Water-
Related Risks 

New Mexico. Water sourcing and produced water 

management are facilitated using centralized water 

gathering and distribution systems with strategically located 

recycling facilities. Water infrastructure is a key component 

Water sourcing and produced water management are global 

of these gathering systems. Virtually none of our source 

challenges that require local solutions. Local water risks 

water is transported via truck, and all of our recycled 

are characterized by the combination of social, regulatory, 

economic and environmental conditions such as water stress, 

which are unique to every basin or offshore marine area. 

Risks are influenced by the type of operation — whether 

we explore for or produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, 

natural gas liquids or liquefied natural gas — and whether we 

operate an unconventional reservoir or within a conventional 

field onshore or offshore. Our exploration and production 

activities can contribute to the resource use impact driver for 

nature. Water risks are managed at the BU level, enabling a 

tailored region‑specific approach.

Our water sources include fresh, non‑fresh, reused municipal 

waste water and reused/recycled produced water used for 

drilling, enhanced oil recovery (EOR), hydraulic fracturing, 

steam generation for steam‑assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) 

oil sands production, natural gas and oil terminals, LNG 

production and domestic purposes.

Produced water from our onshore operations is treated 

and recycled to hydraulically fracture wells and generate 

SAGD steam, reused untreated for EOR, or disposed by well 

injection. Produced water from offshore operations is treated 

prior to discharge from offshore platforms in accordance 

with local regulations. We also manage waste water at our 

terminals for LNG production and domestic waste water for 

staff accommodations at remote assets.

Unconventional
In 2022, our unconventional assets included Eagle Ford, 

Delaware and Midland Basins in the Permian and Bakken in 

the U.S. and Montney in Canada.

Recycled produced water has been identified as the best 

option to source hydraulic fracturing operations for our 

Delaware, Midland and Montney assets. This recycling has 

both economic and environmental benefits as the use of 

recycled produced water reduces both the amount of water 

withdrawn from local sources and the amount of produced 

water injected for disposal.

produced water used in 

Permian operations is 

transported via pipeline.

To minimize reliance on 

local fresh water sources 

and because some of our 

Permian assets are located 

in areas with high baseline 

water stress, we actively 

pursue opportunities to 

use recycled produced 

water to frack new wells. We have established partnerships 

with third‑party midstream providers for our Midland and 

Delaware assets for services including water supply and 

delivery, pipeline design and operation, waste water disposal 

and produced water treatment. We added two additional 

produced water recycling facilities for assets acquired 

in 2022 bringing the total number of facilities treating 

produced water from our own natural gas and oil wells to 12. 

In 2022, ConocoPhillips entered into an agreement with 

Aris Water Solutions and Chevron to develop and pilot 

technologies and processes to treat produced water for 

potential beneficial reuse opportunities. ExxonMobil joined 

the collaborative industry effort in 2023. Engineering, 

construction and execution of the testing protocols and 

pilot projects will be led by Aris, leveraging the combined 

technical expertise of members. Completion of pilot testing 

and the performance evaluation of certain pilot technologies 

are anticipated by the end of 2023, paving the way for risk 

assessments for treated produced water, which are important 

enablers for eventual beneficial reuse applications.

Our engineered storage pits for treated produced water 

are double‑lined and have leak detection systems, and 

storage pits and disposal facilities are also equipped with 

remote monitoring devices. In 2022, 44% of the water 

used for hydraulic fracturing of new wells in Delaware and 

62% of water used in Midland was recycled produced water. 

Our Delaware and Midland unconventional assets are part 

Combined, 52% of the water used for hydraulic fracturing in 

of the Permian Basin in West Texas and Southeastern 

the Permian was recycled produced water.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022108NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022108In addition to recycled produced water, we have been using 

reclaimed municipal waste water for our Midland assets 

since 2015. This reclaimed waste water is sourced from 

municipalities and other third parties and treated in the 

hydraulic fracture process.

In Canada’s Montney development, we also manage water 

using a centralized water gathering and distribution 

system. Produced water from operating wells is treated 

for recycling, stored in engineered ponds and then used 

to complete the next well. As more wells are completed in 

future development phases, we will reduce the volume of 

fresh water withdrawn from the Halfway River and gradually 

increase the volume of treated produced water used for new 

wells. Our ultimate target is to recycle at least 80% of the 

Recycle at least

produced water for fracking, 

reducing fresh water 

withdrawal and produced 

water disposal. We continue 

to exploit opportunities 

for sharing our treated 

produced water with other 

local operators, recycling an 

additional 30% of our total 

We target groundwater 
sources that are not in close 
proximity to local municipal, 
domestic or agricultural users 
in the Eagle Ford.

transported using temporary, lay‑flat pipelines from third 

party owned and operated central storage ponds and 

underground water distribution systems. Most of produced 

water is transferred to disposal wells using pipeline 

infrastructure. In 2022, about 12% of the water sourced for 

operations in the Bakken was non‑fresh water.

Induced Seismicity

We have our own Global Induced Seismicity Guidelines 

to understand and mitigate potential seismicity related to 

fracking and produced water injection disposal wells. We 

evaluate third‑party disposal wells by conducting seismic 

hazard risk assessments prior to selecting third‑party 

disposal wells for use.

produced water recovered 

We utilize a range of real‑time seismic monitoring networks, 

in 2022. We will look to use 

including the Texas Bureau of Economic Geology TexNet, 

treated third‑party produced 

United States Geological Survey and Nanometrics 

water and are planning to increase our produced water 

(a commercial monitoring entity), that enable us to make 

storage capacity to reduce our fresh water use in 2023 and 

immediate evaluations and engage in mitigating actions if 

beyond. Learn more about our Montney water management.

required. TexNet is a system of earthquake sensors placed 

In Texas’s Eagle Ford, we target groundwater sources that 

are not in close proximity to local municipal, domestic or 

agricultural users. In support of this goal, we progressed our 

in the ground at over 200 locations across the state of Texas. 

TexNet data is publicly available and widely used by industry, 

regulators and academic researchers.

deep water well project in Karnes County. Deeper wells are 

In 2022, we supported research led by the University of 

more likely to be brackish, helping us to boost the volume 

Texas at Austin’s multi‑disciplinary Center for Injection 

of non‑fresh water used for operations. Source water for 

and Seismicity Research (CISR) to understand seismicity 

drilling and completions is transported using temporary, 

across Texas. We also supported seismological research at 

lay‑flat pipelines from central storage ponds, rather than 

the Stanford University Center for Induced and Triggered 

trucks. In 2022, we completed the installation of a pipeline‑

Seismicity (SCITS). 

based produced water central gathering and disposal system 

for new facilities in Sugarloaf, located in Live Oak County. 

These initiatives have further reduced truck traffic on 

local roads. In 2022, about 66% of the water sourced for 

operations in the Eagle Ford was non‑fresh water.

To date, regulators in both New Mexico and Texas have 

defined multiple Seismic Response Areas (SRA) within which 

water disposal volumes are curtailed. We fully adhere to 

these actions and modify our disposal practices to remain 

in compliance. In addition, our protocols reflect variations in 

For our Bakken operations, water is predominately sourced 

local regulatory frameworks.

from local surface and groundwater which is largely 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022109NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022109Conventional

Our diverse operated conventional asset portfolio includes 

Alaska’s Kuparuk and Alpine fields and the Permian Basin in 

the U.S. The majority of our Permian Basin conventional wells 

were divested in late 2021 and early 2022.

Water management for our Alaska operations is unique, 

as most of our fresh water use is not directly for natural 

gas and oil production, but primarily to build seasonal ice 

roads and pads for development, exploration and overland 

resupply. The water is sourced locally from surface water 

bodies in accordance with regulatory permits and returned 

to the environment every spring as meltwater. Less than 

1% of total water use is fresh water for drilling to produce 

natural gas and oil. For enhanced oil recovery (EOR) 

operations, our Alaska assets rely on non‑fresh water, 

specifically seawater, and reused produced water.

LNG Facilities

Water management priorities for our Australia Pacific 

Liquified Natural Gas (APLNG) facility focus on the quality 

of water discharged to municipal water treatment systems 

or directed to the receiving environment. This includes water 

used in the LNG process that is discharged to municipal 

systems and runoff from rain events that is discharged to 

surface water. Routine monitoring programs are in place to 

assess water quality prior to discharge to municipal systems 

and at each stormwater discharge point, as well as the 

receiving environment discharge mixing zone. Read more 

about our water management at APLNG. 

Oil Sands

In Canada, steam‑assisted bitumen recovery at our Surmont 

oil sands operation is primarily supported by recycled 

produced water, supplemented by an array of low‑quality 

non‑saline1 and saline makeup groundwater supply wells. 

Since 2020, Surmont has been piloting a combination of 

steam additive technologies (e.g., non‑condensable gas 

co‑injection to create a blanket of insulation within the steam 

chamber) and more aggressive targeting of low steam‑oil 

ratio (SOR) wells within the field. This modified operating 

strategy has resulted in stable bitumen production at 

lower rates of steam injection and a conjunctive increase in 

produced water returns to the central processing plants. 

As a founding member of Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation 

Alliance (COSIA), Surmont continued to beneficially 

contribute to the in‑situ oil sands performance goal of 

reducing fresh water use intensity by 50% by 2022, 

measured from a 2012 benchmark. While finalized 2022 

data is pending, COSIA member companies have collectively 

reduced their fresh water use intensity from 0.36 in 2012 to 

0.17 in 2021, a reduction of approximately 53%.

Offshore

Water management priorities for our Norway offshore 

operations are treatment and quality of discharged produced 

water. Norway operations treat produced water prior to 

discharge from offshore platforms in accordance with 

national regulations. Fresh water for offshore operations 

is mostly used for domestic purposes, but also for well 

stimulation. Fresh water is used at the Teesside terminal, 

U.K., which receives natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids 

from Norway and U.K. offshore fields. Our Norway business 

unit is using non‑fresh water (seawater) for reservoir 

pressure maintenance and drilling. 

Our Ekofisk operations have a long history of improving 

the quality of water discharged into the sea and our oil‑in‑

water ratio has declined significantly and continues to 

outperform regulatory requirements. In the last decade, 

the focus has been on optimization to further reduce 

oil‑in‑water concentrations. In 2022, the concentration 

These impaired quality makeup water supplies replace water 

consumed within the bitumen recovery process and are 

averaged 5.5 mg/L. 

not suitable for domestic or agricultural use with standard 

Efficient water treatment to reduce oil‑in‑water 

treatment technologies as well as located at depths that 

concentrations also reduces the level of other discharged 

isolate them from surface water bodies and interactions with 

components that may impact the marine environment. 

aquatic ecosystems. 

1  As defined by Alberta regulators.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022110NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022110Potential impacts from produced water being discharged 

applied research to qualify advanced technologies for 

into the sea have been monitored and assessed for more 

operations, and organizing outreach activities related to 

than 20 years, including in‑situ water column monitoring. 

water sustainability. The research supports the development 

Based on current knowledge, the environmental risk 

of beneficial reuse options of produced water in Lower 48 

of discharging produced water is very low. In 2022, we 

operations and at the same time minimizes deep well 

submitted a report on in‑situ water column monitoring in 

injection volumes. In addition, unique analytical methodology 

the Greater Ekofisk area to regulatory authorities prepared 

for advanced characterization of organics was developed 

by a consortium of independent research institutes. The 

to assess the level of pretreatment required to minimize 

study verified the limited risk posed by treated produced 

membrane fouling at Qatargas waste water treatment plants. 

The GWSC manages our Water Solutions Technology Toolbox, 

an internal technology‑sharing website capturing the latest 

water treatment experience from full‑scale operations, field 

trials and bench tests. Read more about the GWSC.

In 2022, the GWSC team was honored for its conservation 

awareness program by Kahramaa - Tarsheed, the national 

program to regulate and create awareness for power and 

water consumption in the State of Qatar. 

water discharges.

Integrating Technology

We rely on finding innovative solutions through technology 

applications to reduce business risks and address local 

community concerns around water resources, treatment 

and management of produced water. Offshore, we treat 

produced water to remove dispersed oil prior to discharge, 

we disinfect seawater used for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) 

and we remove dissolved solids in water to avoid the buildup 

of scale. Onshore, we treat produced water or process water 

to remove certain organics, dissolved solids and dissolved 

gases like hydrogen sulfide (H2S) to avoid the buildup of 
scale and to enable storage, recycling, discharge or disposal. 

Innovative water technologies can optimize processes, 

reduce costs, improve efficiency and reduce potential impact 

on the environment.

ConocoPhillips Global Water 
Sustainability Center

2022 was the 12th year for our Global Water Sustainability 

Center (GWSC) in Qatar. The center develops innovative 

solutions for water management related to natural gas and 

oil operations and programs with three main focus areas: 

providing specialized technical engineering and analytical 

support to our global operations and to Qatargas, conducting 

Kahramaa - Tarsheed 10th year celebration.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022111NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022111Performance Metrics 
Biodiversity

We collect data and information related to species 

threatened or of cultural value, and habitats characterized as 

occurrence and sensitive habitats located within or 

sensitive by local regulators or conservation organizations as 

adjacent to our operated assets. We focus on species 

well as International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) 

characterized as at‑risk, endangered, rare, significant, 

I‑VI protected areas. Data and information are used to develop 

PROTECTED  AREAS

0.04%

OVERLAPPING WITH 10 ASSETS
WITHIN 3 MILES (5 KM)1

ASSETS: Anadarko2 | APLNG | Bakken 
Permian | Uinta Basin
1  Estimated as the percentage of lease areas overlapping with designated 
protected areas such as national parks or wildlife sanctuaries, World 
Heritage or Ramsar sites.

2  During 2022, the company completed the sale of the majority of 

Anadarko assets.

HABITATS  CONSERVED, 
PROTECTED  OR  RESTORED

OVER 

409,000

CUMULATIVE ACRES3
on company-owned lands and operated assets. 
3  Cumulative with varying conservation project start dates as early as 2009.

OVER 

20 4

MILLION
ACRES
by conservation partners through 
continued collaboration.
4  Aggregated from impact reports provided by proactive conservation 

partners over the past two decades.

IUCN  RED  LIST  SPECIES

12 ASSETS

IN FOUR COUNTRIES 
with at least one IUCN Red List 
species known to occur.5

5  The majority of our assets actively mitigate risks related to at least one 

species of local importance that is also an IUCN Red List species.

metrics related to protected areas, restored or protected 

habitats and the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.

Protected Areas
We complete an annual enterprise‑wide assessment of 

protected areas located within or adjacent to operated assets. 

The assessment includes areas designated at the national 

and regional level (national parks or wildlife sanctuaries) as 

well as at the international level (World Heritage or Ramsar 

sites). Our infrastructure within or adjacent to protected areas 

includes pipelines, well pads, compressor stations, one LNG 

facility and one terminal.

•  Operated asset lease areas overlapping with IUCN I‑VI 

protected areas: 0.04%.1

•  Number of IUCN I‑VI protected areas within 3 miles (5 km) 

of operated assets: 10.2

Habitats Conserved, Protected 
or Restored
We consider habitat to be protected where the environment 

remains in its original state with a healthy and functioning 

ecosystem, and habitat to be restored where actions have either 

restored the environment to its original state or enhanced it to 

a state where it has a healthy and functioning ecosystem.

IUCN Red List Species
For our operated assets, we identify species of interest at 

the local level including at‑risk, endangered, rare, significant, 

threatened or of cultural value. Some of the local species of 

interest may also have been identified as near‑threatened, 

vulnerable, endangered or critically endangered on the IUCN 

Red List of Threatened Species. The majority of our assets 

actively mitigate risks related to at least one species of local 

importance that is also an IUCN Red List species. We have 

12 assets in four countries with one or more IUCN Red List 

species observed or known to occur.

1  Assets: Anadarko, APLNG, Bakken, Indonesia (in the first quarter of 2022, the company 

completed the sale of the Indonesia assets), Uinta Basin.

2  Estimated as the percentage of lease areas overlapping with designated protected areas 

such as national parks or wildlife sanctuaries, World Heritage or Ramsar sites.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022112NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022112 
 
Water
We measure and report the volume of fresh water3 and 

our water intensity and exposure to water stress.6 We also 

non‑fresh4 water withdrawn from local water sources, the 

collect water forecast data for our annual Long‑Range 

volume of municipal waste water reused, and the volume 

Plan process which enables us to test our portfolio of 

of produced water5 that is reused, recycled, disposed or 

projects against our water risks to make better‑informed 

discharged after treatment. The data is used to estimate 

strategic decisions.

FRESH WATER CONSUMPTION INTENSITY

0.06

UNCONVENTIONAL1
Bakken | Delaware | Eagle Ford
Midland | Montney

BBL/BOE EUR

0.03

BBL/BOE

CONVENTIONAL/OFFSHORE2
Alaska | APLNG
Ekofisk/Teesside | Surmont

1  Calculated using Enverus data for the average volume of fresh water (bbl) divided by the average estimated ultimate recovery (EUR, BOE) as of April 5, 2023. 

Intensity value may change as EUR data is updated. EUR – estimated ultimate recovery.

2  Calculated using the average volume of fresh water (bbl) divided by the average annual production (BOE).

Monitoring water at APLNG.

3  Regulatory definitions of fresh water can range from less than 1,000 to less than 4,000 milligrams per liter total dissolved solids (TDS).

4  Non-fresh water includes brackish/saline groundwater with ranges between 2,000 to more than 10,000 milligrams per liter TDS and seawater with about 35,000 milligrams per liter TDS.

5  Produced water ranges from less than 10,000 to more than 300,000 milligrams per liter TDS.

6  Calculated using the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022113NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022113E XPOSURE  TO  WATER  STRESS

6.3%

OF FRESH WATER 
WITHDRAWN

2.4%

OF FRESH WATER 
CONSUMED

IN REGIONS WITH HIGH BASELINE WATER STRESS

ASSETS: Anadarko* | Permian Midland Basin | Alaska Kuparuk

* During 2022, the company completed the sale of the majority of Anadarko assets.

Credit: Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas (wri.org)

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022114NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022114REGIONAL WATER METRICS

(in million cubic meters)

BAKKEN

EAGLE FORD

PERMIAN

1.4

0.2

3.0

3.2

6.2

4.5

0.16

9.5

1.8

14

51.2

MONTNEY

ALASKA

0.57 0.24

10.8

0.7

0.35

0.05

35.6

0.0001

LNG

NORWAY

SURMONT

0.02

0.02

1.6 1.6

25.9

14.6

1.4 0.04 0.1

24.1

2.5

Fresh Water Withdrawn

Fresh Water Discharged

Non-fresh Water Withdrawn

Municipal Waste Water Reused

Produced Water Reused/recycled

Produced Water Disposed

Produced Water Discharged

PRODUCED WATER MANAGED – GLOBAL

SOURCE WATER – GLOBAL

49%

OF PRODUCED 
WATER IS REUSED 
OR RECYCLED

IS DISPOSED OF

41%
10%

IS DISCHARGED
OFFSHORE AFTER
TREATMENT

93%

OF SOURCE WATER IS
NON-FRESH WATER,
MUNICIPAL WASTE 
WATER AND REUSED 
OR RECYCLED 
PRODUCED WATER

7%

IS FRESH WATER

Reused/recycled

Disposed

Discharged

Non-fresh

Fresh

Municipal 
Waste Water

Reused/recycled

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022115NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022115Social

We are committed to respectfully engaging with local stakeholders — those who 
impact or may be impacted by our business — to understand their values and interests, 
reduce the effect of our operations and proposed projects, and support economic and 
community development opportunities. 

We seek early and frequent engagement with our 

academic institutions, industry associations and the 

stakeholders to build trust, garner respect and develop 

financial sector. We also participate in multi‑stakeholder 

mutually beneficial relationships. 

forums to gain diverse and valuable perspectives as we 

In addition to communities near our operations, we engage 

with government bodies, nongovernmental organizations, 

work to continuously improve our sustainable development 

programs and initiatives. Learn more about our broad range 

of stakeholders. 

Members of the ConocoPhillips 
Stakeholder Engagement team meet with 
community members in the Eagle Ford.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022116SocialCreating 
Shared Value

We address the social or community related aspects of our 

operations and projects at the business unit (BU) level.

Governance and Strategy
We have a comprehensive governance framework that 

extends from the Board of Directors, through executive 

and senior management to the working levels in each 

BU. Read more about our sustainable development 

governance structure.

Risk and Impact Assessment 
Social risks at the community level could result from 

potential project, operational and cumulative impacts to 

community safety, human rights, infrastructure, services, 

land use, environmental quality, cultural heritage, 

managing expectations for local business opportunities 

and employment. Risks could impact our business through 

project delays, business interruption, policy or regulatory 

costs, reputational damage, or increased cost of capital. 

Social risks for our asset portfolio are related to:

•  Community opposition based on potential or perceived 

ConocoPhillips employees volunteer at a United Way Day of 
Caring in Houston.

social and/or environmental impacts, including cumulative 

relationships and priorities to identify opportunities for 

impacts.

collaboration and potential points of conflict. From this we 

•  Community expectations of economic benefits, such as 

local hiring and local content.

•  Public policy that restricts access to, or development of, 

natural gas and oil resources.

•  Negative public sentiment.

By understanding the social, economic, political and 

environmental factors affecting stakeholders, we can 

identify and monitor emerging trends, manage potential 

impacts and reputational risks associated with our 

operations and add value to our communities.

Our stakeholder identification process is a key component 

We strive to 
positively 
impact the 
communities 
where we live 
and operate.

develop an engagement 

plan to address 

concerns and maintain 

our focus on developing 

mutually beneficial 

relationships. By having 

open dialogue, we 

are able to identify 

and address potential 

impacts associated with 

our operations. This 

is done through our 

integrated sustainable 

of social risk assessment. Each business unit is responsible 

development (SD) risk management process where existing 

for identifying stakeholders to understand their 

and planned exploration and production, and major projects 

perspectives and concerns. We consider our stakeholder 

are examined against the physical, social and political 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022117Socialsettings of our operations. Social assessments consider:

• 

Impacts to communities, including human rights, rights of 

Indigenous Peoples, labor rights, security, public health, 

political and economic issues.

•  Stakeholder priorities.

•  Stakeholder opposition to company activities.

•  Risks and impacts related to supplier and contractor 

activities.

•  Cumulative effects of company and/or industry activities.

To support our BUs in operationalizing our Stakeholder 

Engagement Principles, we provide Social Performance 

Guidance with recommended internal processes and 

external engagement to understand and address 

stakeholder priorities. Based on this guidance, each BU 

manages its own social risks, priorities and regulatory 

requirements, enabling tailored, region‑specific business 

goals to address unique challenges and opportunities. 

Risk and Mitigation Actions 

In 2022, five social risks related to potential project delay 

and business interruption were identified and ranked as 

significant by three business units. They have developed 

mitigations to address these risks. 

We continued with our Social and Stakeholder Engagement 

issues working group (IWG) quarterly meetings in 2022. 

The IWG provides a platform for knowledge sharing on best 

practices, tracks emerging topics and monitors the progress 

of the different BUs regarding their engagement with 

communities and other key stakeholders.

STAKEHOLDER  ENGAGEMENT 
PRINCIPLES

•  Proactively identify and seek out 

stakeholders.

• 

Include stakeholders in the design and 
implementation of the engagement process.

•  Listen to understand stakeholders’ interests, 

concerns and culture.

•  Communicate openly.

•  Seek solutions that create mutually 

beneficial relationships and build long-
term value for both the company and our 
stakeholders.

•  Follow through on our commitments and 
stand accountable for the results, both 

internally and externally.

SOCIAL  PERFORMANCE 
GUIDANCE

•  Community Engagement: Identifying our 

stakeholders and how they may impact or be 
impacted by company activities.

•  Human Rights: Assessing potential risks to 
stakeholder human rights, incorporating 
risks into planning and providing a grievance 
mechanism.

• 

Indigenous Peoples: Consulting with 
Indigenous stakeholders to understand their 
culture, identify their priorities and work 
together to address them.

•  Security and Human Rights: Implementing 
the Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights.

•  Community and Social Investment: Aligning 
investments with community needs and 
company strategy.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022118SocialWorking with 
Communities

By taking a personal approach with communities, we are 

able to build strong relationships and an environment of 

transparency, courtesy and trust. This allows us to better 

manage potential risks and impacts to local stakeholders 

and our business while supporting mutually beneficial 

relationships and creating long term value. 

Our contribution toward building resilient communities is 

at the heart of the discussion around a just and orderly 

transition. We focus our efforts around listening to 

communities and promoting local development. 

Listening and Integrating 
Stakeholder Input into Business 
Decisions

Draft EIS by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in 2019, 

Nuiqsut village whaling captains and other residents 

expressed subsistence impact concerns regarding a 

proposed temporary gravel island to be built specifically 

for unloading sealift modules. This prompted the project 

team to reevaluate and change the development plans. 

Other steps taken to address subsistence concerns include: 

the reduction of speed limits and road width in key parts of 

the field, additional infrastructure to facilitate and improve 

subsistence access and the implementation of additional 

restrictions and mitigations during times of sensitive wildlife 

activity, such as caribou calving and migration. 

After nearly five years of rigorous regulatory and 

environmental review, the Department of the Interior 

issued a Record of Decision on the Willow project in March 

2023. Willow has broad support from Alaska North Slope 

communities, the regional tribe, the regional municipal 

government, the regional Alaska Native corporation, and 

the local Alaska Native corporation. Read their letters of 

As we gain further understanding about stakeholder 

values, priorities and concerns, we seek to integrate their 

support here. 

input into our plans and operations. Through inclusive and 

For the past decade, we’ve met regularly with subsistence 

transparent engagement, we work with stakeholders to find 

representatives from areas near our operations to discuss 

mutually beneficial solutions that address the impacts of our 

planned helicopter and small aircraft operations as well as 

operations on their communities.

locations of hunting and gathering activities to ensure our 

Alaska

In Alaska, we have frequent engagements with communities 

located closest to our operations, including through 

community meetings and open houses. Our Willow project 

operations don’t interfere with the subsistence lifestyle of 

our neighbors. 

We also have robust environmental study programs at 

existing operations that include: 

in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (NPR-A) involved 

•  Air quality monitoring stations. 

extensive public engagement since the Environmental 

•  Caribou, bird and fish surveys.

Impact Statement (EIS) process commenced in 2018, 

including more than 215 days of public comment, 25 

in‑person public hearings, and over 145 meetings in 

Anchorage, Fairbanks, Nuiqsut, Utqiagvik, Atqasuk, and 

Anaktuvuk Pass. 

•  Hydrology studies. 

•  Lake water quality and recharge monitoring.

•  Subsistence hunting studies. 

•  Tundra rehabilitation.

Willow is designed to support and coexist with subsistence 

Extensive environmental baseline studies are conducted 

activities with many mitigation measures built into the 

in all potential areas of new operations. New projects are 

project design. For example, after publication of the Willow 

subject to rigorous permitting and public review processes. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022119SocialIn 2022, consistent with prior years, we worked with the 

and services delivery, and business development. Read more 

Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation to include 

about the development of our RAP.

real‑time data from the Nuiqsut Air Quality Monitoring 

Station on the Alaska Air Quality Index webpage so residents 

can check the status of air quality at any time. Air quality on 

the North Slope is consistently better than national ambient 

air quality standards. 

Australia

We recognize that specific collaborative measures are 

needed to improve access to business and employment 

opportunities for First Nations Peoples in Australia. We also 

recognize the importance of having the active involvement of 

First Nations Peoples in the design, development and delivery 

of opportunities that will improve socioeconomic outcomes. 

Canada

In Canada, Indigenous Peoples (who consist of First 

Nations, Métis and Inuit) have legally protected rights within 

their traditional territories. Due to the close proximity of 

Indigenous communities to our Canadian operations, we 

have developed a values and interest assessment (VIA) 

process to guide our relationships with those communities 

to create positive, sustainable outcomes. The VIA process 

starts with our External Relations team building relationships 

through authentic, collaborative dialogue with members 

of the community. Next, we work with the community 

to create a shared vision and discuss ways we can work 

together. The third stage centers around planning and 

To support our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), which was 

focuses on collaboratively prioritizing ideas and creating 

launched in 2022, we facilitated a two‑day workshop involving 

structures and processes for working together. The ideas 

13 of our tier one suppliers and contractors, and First Nations 

are turned into a shared action plan for both parties to 

leaders and business owners, to take a deep dive into current 

assess and implement. The VIA process can also result in 

practices to understand both barriers and opportunities for 

formal agreements with interested Indigenous communities 

participation in our business. Key outcomes of the workshop 

near our operations. Such agreements are confidential and 

included overwhelming support for a First Nations Chamber 

formalize the respectful relationship between our company 

of Commerce and Industry, establishment of an internal 

and the community by focusing on creating shared value. 

Indigenous Participation Working Group, and development 

Agreements typically include a process to understand and 

of an overarching strategy between ConocoPhillips Australia 

address concerns and opportunities about our activities, 

and First Nations Peoples that will progressively encompass 

as well as commitments by both parties to work toward 

key policy development including culturally appropriate 

mutually beneficial outcomes and maintain open, consistent 

employment and workforce development, supply chain goods 

communication about our activities. 

VALUES AND INTEREST ASSESSMENT (VIA) PROCESS

•  Invite others 
who care

•  Be part of our 

journey

•  Collaborate 

closely

•  Share our stories
•  Have meaningful 

conversation
•  Discover our 

potential

•  Prioritize ideas
•  Define first 

steps to action
•  Learn and grow 

together

•  Turn ideas into 
shared action

•  Review and 

reflect

•  Celebrate our 

progress

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022120SocialConocoPhillips works closely with Indigenous communities 

With the proximity of our assets/operations to Indigenous 

on restoration efforts in our operating areas. At our Montney 

communities in northern Alberta and northeastern British 

asset, we have regularly met with First Nations close to our 

Columbia, and with our Calgary office being within Treaty 7 

development areas to develop scopes for habitat restoration 

territory, honoring the people whose footsteps have marked 

offsets for three locations since 2019. We incorporated 

these lands is consistent with our SPIRIT Values.

community feedback on:

•  Site selection.

•  Site preparation.

•  Appropriate species and densities to meet 

revegetation goals.

Building and Strengthening Local 
Economies and Communities

Helping improve the quality of life in the communities where 

we live and work is an important goal for ConocoPhillips and 

our employees. We prioritize working with stakeholders to 

The work scopes for each of the three locations were 

identify and support programs and identify opportunities 

developed based on conversations and site tours with 

to publicly leverage our role as a corporate citizen that will 

First Nations community members. The draft work scopes 

make a real difference in communities.

were reviewed by the community and updated to reflect 

their objectives and values. Community members are also 

Alaska

expected to be involved in execution of the restoration work. 

ConocoPhillips takes pride in contracting with local Alaska 

We also engage with First Nations communities on 

remediation sites through the Dormant Sites Reclamation 

Program where communities nominate locations to prioritize 

remediation and reclamation work, so they have direct 

influence on the order in which sites are remediated. 

In 2022, ConocoPhillips staff and members participated 

in the following events to engage, learn and celebrate the 

community’s cultural values and practices:

Native‑owned corporations, and we have longstanding 

contracts with subsidiaries of the Kuukpik Corporation, 

Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, Ukpeaġvik Iñupiat 

Corporation, NANA and Doyon. We are proud of the Alaska 

Native employees working in ConocoPhillips operations 

through our partnerships with Alaska Native Corporations 

and their subsidiaries.

Federal legislation requires 50% of federal revenue from 

NPR‑A production be made available through the NPR‑A 

•  Fort McMurray 468 First Nation gathered to mark six 

Impact Mitigation Grant Program, a unique program that 

years since the signing of our Cooperation and Mutual 

has significant social benefits. These grants fund city 

Benefits Agreement and to celebrate the meaningful 

operations, youth programs and essential community 

relationship we have jointly built. 

•  ConocoPhillips celebrated National Indigenous Peoples 

Day to commemorate the history and culture of 

Indigenous Peoples across Canada.

• 

In September, ConocoPhillips staff recognized National 

Day for Truth and Reconciliation to help foster awareness, 

appreciation, and dialogue around Indigenous traditions 

and culture, and the place of dance therein. 

projects which in turn create local jobs for residents. We 

partnered with the City of Nuiqsut, the Native Village of 

Nuiqsut and the Kuukpik Corporation to create the Nuiqsut 

Community Development Foundation, a nonprofit focused 

on building capacity in the community to access grants 

by providing services for project planning, grant writing 

and administration and project execution. As a result of 

this increased capacity, the city has received a significant 

increase in grants for projects and operations in the village 

As a company that values and respects Indigenous 

during the past few years. Additionally, property taxes from 

communities, ConocoPhillips believes it is important 

the Willow project will help fund essential services for 

to honor these days and events alongside Indigenous 

communities in the North Slope Borough such as schools, 

Peoples to further increase our understanding of and 

emergency response capabilities, health clinics, drinking 

support for Indigenous communities and stakeholders. 

water, wastewater, roads, power and solid waste disposal.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022121SocialAustralia

In the community of Gladstone, ConocoPhillips Australia 

continues working with the not‑for‑profit sector and 

recognizes there is an opportunity to further build their 

business skills and resilience. 

To address critical issues related to human rights and safety 

in our Canadian operating areas, ConocoPhillips supports 

Truckers Against Trafficking (TAT), a U.S.‑based non‑profit 

that helps combat human trafficking by bringing awareness 

to the issue and educating and mobilizing members of the 

transportation, truck stop and energy industries. In October 

In an effort to strengthen these organizations, ConocoPhillips 

2022, TAT and ConocoPhillips partnered to present a 

will partner with local organization Not for Profit House to 

half‑day summit in Fort McMurray, Alberta to bring together 

support the assessment of local not‑for‑profit organization 

key energy, trucking and truck stop industry stakeholders, 

capacity, skills, and business health, through an evidence‑

with local, Indigenous, and provincial law enforcement and 

based report card assessment process. This will help guide 

government agencies, to work together to combat human 

them in priority action areas by giving them tangible steps 

trafficking. The training featured a Human Trafficking 

to improve their contribution to community wellbeing and 

101 presentation, information about training resources 

the local economy. The report card assessment covers key 

for energy, trucking and truck stop companies, and a 

areas such as governance, compliance, general business 

presentation by a survivor‑leader and a law enforcement 

management, finance, risk, safety and volunteerism. 

panel. The event provided an opportunity for oil sands 

There are more than 200 local not‑for‑profit organizations 

engaged with the Not for Profit House, all of which will 

have the opportunity to benefit from the report card 

assessment tool.

Canada

For more than two decades, we have worked with 

Indigenous‑owned businesses near our oil sands operation 

to develop local capacity. The Surmont project is close to 

three First Nations communities and four Métis organizations 

with whom ConocoPhillips regularly engages for business 

opportunities, a priority expressed by community leadership. 

The parties meet regularly though formalized business 

working groups to discuss:

companies, Indigenous communities, and other stakeholders 

to learn and collaboratively initiate solutions to prevent 

human trafficking in northeastern Alberta communities.

Malaysia

ConocoPhillips partnered with the Global Peace Foundation 

Malaysia, to improve living conditions for two villages of 

Indigenous Peoples in Sarawak and Sabah, benefiting over 

50 families.

The project in Sarawak helped the community in Kg. Muk 

Ayun, which is located in the Serian district, have better 

access to clean water. Due to the remote location of the 

village, residents depended on an old gravity feed water for 

their water supply. Leakages in the pipes and dam caused 

•  Local contracting capacity, capabilities and opportunities.

inconsistent water supply and some villages had to carry 

•  Shared goals for local business benefits.

•  Opportunities to support community values and vision.

water from the lake during the dry season. To help improve 

access to clean water and provide basic sanitation for 

regular household needs, we worked with Global Peace to 

At our Montney development, we launched an effort to 

reconstruct the dam, lay a new piping system and install 

promote the inclusion of Indigenous vendors at all stages 

large water tanks and pipelines in the village.

of the supply chain to support a healthy contracting 

relationship with Indigenous communities near our 

operations. 

The project in Sabah helped the community in Kg. Pitas 

Laut, which is located in the Kinabatangan district, have 

better access to clean drinking water and affordable energy. 

These efforts at both Surmont and Montney have increased 

The community had previously been relying on a self‑dug 

economic participation in ConocoPhillips activities by 

pond for water and depending on generators to power 

Indigenous vendors and have bolstered our commitment to 

their homes. We partnered with Global Peace and its onsite 

meaningful collaboration with Indigenous communities.

partner, Forever Sabah to help improve access to clean water 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022122SocialConocoPhillips partnered with the Global Peace Foundation 
Malaysia to improve living conditions for two villages of 
Indigenous Peoples in Sarawak and Sabah, providing better 
access to clean water and affordable energy.

by distributing household‑use water filters called Lifestraw 

Small Biz Builder

Family Filters to villagers. We also provided affordable 

In 2022, a cross‑functional team from ConocoPhillips 

energy through solar electrification via the donation and 

developed and implemented an entrepreneurial pilot 

delivery of Sun King solar systems. Training and monitoring 

program, the ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder. The program 

were also carried out to ensure the communities knew how 

fosters innovation for small business growth in the 

to use and maintain the equipment. 

communities where we operate, work and live in the Permian 

Norway

ConocoPhillips Norway has a variety of social initiatives 

benefiting the local communities, including support to the 

Stavanger University Hospital’s NEEDED project, which 

provides lifesaving heart research. The aim of the NEEDED 

study is to discover heart disease earlier, so that severe heart 

illnesses and death can be avoided. Financial support from 

ConocoPhillips and others allowed NEEDED to open a heart 

research center in Sandnes.

U.S. Lower 48

Soliciting community input is critical to how we do business 

at ConocoPhillips. Since 2013, we have done this in a 

variety of ways including routine stakeholder forums with 

community leadership across the Lower 48.

Basin region in Texas and New Mexico. 

To foster an innovative, diverse and inclusive environment, 

ConocoPhillips partnered with LiftFund, a Community 

Development Financial Institution and Community 

Development Corporation, to provide equal opportunities 

for minorities, youth and women. Through the Small Biz 

Builder, any eligible applicant can learn how to establish a 

business idea or further grow their existing business through 

courses taught by LiftFund. Participants undergo several 

weeks of training, free of charge, and are granted special 

consideration for small business loans after graduation. 

The Small Biz Builder helps create a sustainable, robust 

business and entrepreneur support ecosystem. 

Read more about the Small Biz Builder.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022123SocialPermian Strategic Partnership

•  Permian Basin Behavioral Health Center: The design 

ConocoPhillips is a member of the Permian Strategic 

is anticipated to be completed summer 2023 with a 

Partnership (PSP), a coalition of energy companies working 

two‑year construction plan for opening in summer 2025. 

to address current and future challenges associated with oil 

This center aims to educate and train behavioral health 

and gas development in the region. In 2022, we continued 

professionals. 

our work with the Permian Basin Regional Planning 

Commission and other local charities to support local health, 

safety and education initiatives. 

•  Odessa College Truck Driving Academy: PSP partnered 

with Odessa College to fund the expansion of its 

Commercial Driver License (CDL) training program to 

•  Cal Ripken STEM Centers: Cal Ripken and PSP partnered 

support 94 additional students annually, adding trucks, 

to launch a five‑year, $7.5 million investment that will 

trailers, scholarships and instructors at the Odessa 

provide a new science, technology, engineering and math 

College campuses in Odessa, Pecos and Andrews. This 

(STEM) centers for each of 134 elementary schools in the 

initiative will address the significant shortage of skilled 

Permian Basin. 

•  Permian Road Safety Coalition: The PSP and the Permian 

Road Safety Coalition partnered to invest $3.17 million 

to fund life‑saving equipment to first responders in 

26 counties across West Texas and Southeast New 

Mexico. This partnership builds upon the first round of this 

initiative which was previously funded by PSP in 2021 with 

a $1.1 million donation. 

•  Energy Education and Workforce Innovation: This initiative 

supports the creation of comprehensive turnkey energy 

curriculum, and the accompanying resources, that link high 

and certified CDL drivers in the Permian Basin. Over 65% 

of commercial vehicles in the Permian Basin are estimated 

to be out of compliance. 

Read more about how we are supporting community safety 

in the Permian Basin on our website. 

Globally

We support charities near our operations by funding 

programs that support education, civic and social services, 

arts, health and the environment.

school to post‑secondary training and/or college to align 

Read more about how we are measuring social performance 

with industry employment needs in the Permian Basin.

on our website.

In Midland, ConocoPhillips employees 
volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity build.

Engaging employees

Our employees strive to improve the quality of life in the 

communities where we live and work. Examples include:

• 

In Canada, employees helped clean up a Calgary 

river pathway.

•  Employees in China organized a Girls in STEM event,  

with 40 participants from four international schools. 

Leaders and students enjoyed conversations about the 

industry and potential career paths.

•  Houston and Midland, Texas, employees participated in 

house builds for Habitat for Humanity.

• 

In the Bakken, employees volunteered their time 

at community clean‑up events in Dickinson and 

McKenzie County. 

• 

In Australia, employees continued to roll up their sleeves 

to help clean up the beaches with Reef Clean and 

Clean Up Australia. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022124SocialGlobal Giving

2018-2022  CONTRIBUTIONS 
In Millions

We contribute to the well‑being of the communities in which 

$2.9 Norway/United Kingdom

we operate through charitable giving, employee volunteerism 

and civic leadership. We believe the most effective charitable 

investments are made through strategic relationships with 

organizations dedicated to serving our communities, day in 

and day out.

$3.2 Australia/East Timor

$132.4 Lower 48/Corporate

$4.7 Canada

In 2022, ConocoPhillips contributed $33.9 million to extend 

its charitable focus on our signature causes (math education 

$6.9 Other

$176.8

and conservation), while also supporting local community 

needs and global humanitarian relief. An additional 

$2.3 million supported our university relations grants.

Key to academic and career success, math remains core to 

our work and is the central focus of our Houston Signature 

Program. In 2022, this program expanded support for high 

school mathematics education and student enrichment 

with new programs to reduce barriers faced by students 

in underserved communities and help bridge the gap from 

$26.6 Alaska 

Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

Inspire Change grant initiative, which funds local nonprofits 

and educational programs that support racial equity and 

social justice.

graduation to meaningful careers. Our employees hosted a 

At the college level, we expanded our relationship with 

OneGoal Corporate Career Day for high school students to 

Prairie View A&M University, a historically Black university, 

share career insights and provide professional development 

to enhance opportunities for undergraduate students 

resources. We also partnered with the Houston Texans on the 

interested in engineering and business analytics.  

Employees at a beach clean up 
on Australia's east coast.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022125SocialOur nearly $1.2 million multi-year gift will be used for a new 

to promote entrepreneurism. In its inaugural year, 28 local 

state‑of‑the‑art engineering lab, scholarships and funding 

businesses in the Permian Basin completed the program and 

for new professors and academic support.

received capital funding and training. 

Wildlife habitat protection continued to be a key 

We were deeply troubled and saddened by the escalating 

emphasis for our Global Signature Program promoting 

humanitarian crisis resulting from the war in Ukraine and 

conservation. In May, we sponsored the Central Grasslands 

donated more than $2.1 million toward humanitarian aid. 

Roadmap summit, which brought together more than 200 

Our company provided an additional $100,000 in disaster 

organizations representing the U.S., Canada, Mexico and 

relief to assist local communities impacted by Typhoon 

Indigenous Peoples/First Nations in‑person for the first time 

Merbok in western Alaska and devastating wildfires in 

to collectively identify and prioritize immediate actions to 

New Mexico. 

conserve and protect the central grasslands ecosystem, 

which spans more than 600 million acres and provides 

critical support for biodiversity, food security, water supply 

and climate resiliency. Our conservation efforts also 

supported seven migratory bird joint ventures, facilitating 

the preservation of more than 550,000 grassland acres in 

this region in 2022.

Beyond cash contributions and university relations we 

invested an additional $23.8 million for contractual 

contributions, sponsorships, social infrastructure donations, 

in‑kind donations and memberships.

Input and insight from business units are overlaid by 

uniform, global processes and policies to provide:

Honoring our commitment to be a good neighbor, we 

•  Due diligence scrutiny of potential partners.

invested in communities across our global operations. For 

example, in Canada, we committed $500,000 to replace the 

helicopter fleet for the Shock Trauma Air Rescue Service 

Foundation (STARS), a nonprofit organization that provides 

rapid and specialized emergency care and transportation 

for critically ill patients. We were honored to receive the 

Outstanding CSR Project of 2022 award at the China 

•  Consistent project selection criteria and focus wherever 

we operate.

•  Appropriate audits and document retention.

•  Tracking and assessment of performance metrics and 

impact.

Corporate Citizens Forum for our on‑going efforts to support 

The global charitable investment budget is reviewed 

children with congenital heart disease. In the U.S., we 

annually by the Executive Leadership Team and approved by 

launched ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder, a new program 

the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee of the board.

2022 SOCIAL INVESTMENTS 
In Millions*

$1.5 Contractual Contributions

$2.3 University Relations

$0.4 In-Kind Donations

$0.2 Social Infrastructure

$7.4 Sponsorships

$12.0 Memberships

$33.9 Cash Contributions

$57.7

*Based on payments and annual business unit reporting.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022126SocialAlignment with UN SDGs

The United Nations General Assembly has adopted 

17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that set the global 

agenda for equitable, socially inclusive and environmentally 

sustainable economic development. Our core business of 

delivering energy to the world contributes directly to:

•  Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable 

and modern energy for all.

•  Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable 

economic growth, full and productive employment and 

decent work for all.

Many of our business and community investment activities 

support other goals related to education, poverty and good 

health. Our 2022 global charitable investments supported 

the following UN SDGs:

2022 GLOBAL CHARITABLE INVESTMENTS SPEND
TOP 5 UN SDGs 
In Millions

#4 Quality Education

$6.7

#11 Sustainable Cities and Communities

#1 No Poverty

#15 Life on Land

$5.6

$5.5

$5.1

#16 Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions

$2.7

All others combined

$8.3

0%

5%

10%

15%

20%

25%

Due to rounding, total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

We are working with Ipieca, the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues, on the role the oil 

and gas industry can most effectively play to support the achievement of the globally endorsed framework of the UN SDGs. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022127SocialValuing Human 
Rights

Our intent regarding human rights is also reflected in our 

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, and our health, safety 

and environment policy and supplier expectations set the 

standards of behavior and human rights commitments for 

ConocoPhillips is committed to respecting human rights. 

our people, as well as contractors, suppliers and others who 

We recognize the dignity of all human beings, and our core 

perform work for ConocoPhillips. Read our updated Human 

values embrace these inalienable rights: for all people 

Rights Position on our website.

to live their lives free from social, political or economic 

discrimination or abuse. Our approach is consistent with the 

human rights philosophies expressed in the following global 

frameworks:

•  Universal Declaration of Human Rights

Business units assess and manage human rights risks. 

If our operations identify potential human rights concerns, 

engagement plans and specific actions to manage and 

mitigate that risk are developed through engagement 

with the community or other stakeholders. Business 

•  United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 

units communicate and engage communities and their 

Human Rights

• 

International Labour Organization Declaration on 

Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work

•  Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights

This includes the core labor standards related to 

nondiscrimination, freedom of association, right to collective 

bargaining, and avoiding the use of forced or child labor. We 

representatives on how to contact the company and how 

to address any concerns or grievances. In addition, all 

interested stakeholders may access the ConocoPhillips 

Ethics Helpline to report a potential violation of our Code of 

Business Ethics and Conduct, which is publicly available on 

our website.

Respecting Indigenous Peoples

perform high‑level human rights risk assessments on our 

We recognize and respect the choice of Indigenous 

global operations to identify countries for deeper evaluation of 

communities to live as distinct peoples, with their own 

potential human rights issues. Key areas considered include:

cultures and relationships to the land. Wherever our 

•  Security and human rights.

•  Land rights and relocation.

•  Land use.

operations neighbor with Indigenous communities, we seek 

to partner and engage to seek mutually beneficial solutions 

and maximize social and economic benefits. Areas where 

we explore or operate near these communities include the 

• 

Indigenous Peoples issues and rights.

United States, Canada and Australia. Our engagement with 

•  Company and supplier labor standards.

•  Access to water.

•  Cultural heritage.

•  Vulnerable groups.

Indigenous communities in those locations is consistent 

with the principles of the International Labour Organization 

Convention 169 concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples, 

and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of 

Indigenous Peoples. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022128SocialOur relationships are governed by national laws of the 

countries in which we are working, our social performance 

guidance, our own positions on sustainable development and 

human rights, and our core SPIRIT Values of Safety, People, 

Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork. 

When engaging with Indigenous stakeholders, we seek first 

to understand their social values, cultures and traditions, as 

well as their expectations and preferences for dialogue and 

Human Rights Training and 
Awareness

ConocoPhillips continues to offer a human rights training 

course which incorporates Ipieca's guidance on human rights 

training and includes a module on security and human rights. 

The training has been rolled out globally via a computer‑

based module to our stakeholder engagement practitioners 

and other operations staff and management as appropriate 

dispute resolution. Our consultations consider traditional 

based on location.

land use information and community interests, goals 

and perspectives on environmental, social and economic 

topics. We engage with Indigenous communities at the 

regional, local and individual levels by meeting regularly 

with regional governments, community associations, 

local leaders and community residents. Our stakeholder 

engagement professionals work closely with our asset 

and operations teams to guide discussions and facilitate 

cooperation with Indigenous Peoples to address potential 

operational impacts on the community. Wherever we engage 

with Indigenous communities, we pursue opportunities to 

support economic development consistent with Indigenous 

cultures and community development plans. In some cases, 

the engagement and consultation may be guided by a formal 

agreement with the Indigenous community. 

Voluntary Principles on Security 
and Human Rights

We drive collective action to address security and human 

rights issues through engagement with government, NGO 

and other business stakeholders in the Voluntary Principles 

on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR). We have been 

a member of the VPSHR initiative since its inception in 

2000. Our social performance guidance directs our VPSHR 

implementation and our annual report to the VPSHR details 

our current practices as well as provides updates for 

previous years.

We continue to conduct regular VPSHR training of security 

providers in priority countries for security and human rights 

We seek to honor and understand the culture of Indigenous 

issues. Security personnel and community engagement 

communities near our operations so that we know how to 

practitioners, including contractors, complete corporate 

properly demonstrate respect in our relationships. Some 

human rights training on the VPSHR on an annual basis. 

of our larger business units provide cultural awareness 

All contract security organizations are required to provide 

training. In many cases, our stakeholder engagement 

VPSHR training to their employees and comply with the 

leaders and business leaders will educate themselves 

principles. Training is also provided for the ConocoPhillips 

through mentors in the Indigenous community or through 

workforce as part of the onboarding process when relevant 

the help of local experts. 

to working in field locations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022129SocialValuing Our People

Our strategy, performance, culture and reputation are fueled by our world‑class 
workforce. The diverse people of ConocoPhillips have always been the heart of our 
company and the success of our business. We recognize that attracting and developing 
talent is a competitive imperative within our changing industry. At year‑end 2022, we had 
approximately 9,500 employees in 13 countries. Read more about our workforce metrics.

B Y   T H E   N U M B E R S

~9,500

TOTAL 
HEADCOUNT

As of Dec. 31, 2022

* People of Color (POC)

27%

WOMEN

29%

WOMEN 
HIRES

30%

U.S. POC* 

41%

U.S. POC*
HIRES

8%

UNIVERSITY 
HIRES

5.6%

VOLUNTARY 
ATTRITION

13

COUNTRIES

OF OPERATION

66%

U.S. 

POPULATION

10.9

AVERAGE YEARS  

OF SERVICE

17.5

AVERAGE YEARS  

OF EXPERIENCE

19%

EMPLOYEES 

PROMOTED

18.4

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS

PER EMPLOYEE

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022130Valuing Our People 
We depend on our workforce to successfully execute our 

Our SPIRIT Values set the foundation for our HCM strategy, 

company’s strategy, so it is imperative that we create a 

and our HCM programs are built around three pillars that we 

workplace in which our people feel valued. Our Executive 

believe are necessary for HCM success. The three pillars are: 

Leadership Team (ELT) and Board of Directors play a key 

a compelling culture, a world‑class workforce and strong 

role in setting our Human Capital Management (HCM) 

external engagement. Key actions and progress against 

strategy and driving accountability for meaningful progress. 

pillars are described in more detail below:

A Compelling  
Culture

A World-Class 
Workforce

External  
Engagement

•  SPIRIT Values guide everything we do.

•  Consistent recruitment and selection 

•  Published our 2018-2021 EEO-1 

•  Annual Perspectives employee 

practices that minimize bias.

reports and our HCM report 

engagement survey used to establish 

•  Robust succession planning, 

meaningful cultural action plans tied to 

including diverse pipelines.

employee feedback.

•  Hands‑on global Talent Management 

•  A dedicated diversity, equity and inclusion 

Teams (TMTs) guiding employee 

(DEI) organization aligning strategic 

development.

externally, as well as expanded 

external disclosures.

•  Actively partnering with trade 

associations and minority nonprofit 

organizations.

actions with DEI pillars: people, programs 

and processes, culture, and our external 

brand and reputation.

•  Data analytics leveraged to track key 

workforce/engagement metrics through 

transparent dashboards.

• 

Internal and external best practices 

leveraged to support/offer different ways 

of working through hybrid work programs.

• 

Implemented several office improvement 

and integration projects to enhance 

employees’ workplace experience.

•  Safely welcomed employees back to 

•  Real‑time monetary and 

•  Recognized by Human Rights 

non‑monetary recognition programs.

•  Competitive, performance‑based 

Campaign’s 2022 Corporate Equality 

Index; score of 100 for multiple years.

compensation packages; global 

•  Significant long‑standing 

equitable pay practices.

•  Compensation programs linking 

individual and company performance.

• 

Inclusive global benefits informed 

by external market practices and 

employee needs and feedback.

•  Global wellness programs addressing 

physical and mental well‑being.

partnerships with universities to 

build external pipelines; increasing 

partnerships with Historically Black 

Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) 

and Hispanic‑serving institutions.

•  A strategic process for allocating 

university contributions budget 

to invest in strengthening and 

expanding our future talent pools, 

which includes giving to programs 

that advance DEI.

global offices that had an extended 

•  Expanded benefits to support 

shutdown due to COVID‑19.

families.

B Y   T H E   N U M B E R S

~9,500

TOTAL 

HEADCOUNT

As of Dec. 31, 2022

* People of Color (POC)

27%

WOMEN

29%

WOMEN 

HIRES

30%

U.S. POC* 

41%

U.S. POC*

HIRES

8%

UNIVERSITY 

HIRES

5.6%

VOLUNTARY 

ATTRITION

13

COUNTRIES
OF OPERATION

66%

U.S. 
POPULATION

10.9

AVERAGE YEARS  
OF SERVICE

17.5

AVERAGE YEARS  
OF EXPERIENCE

19%

EMPLOYEES 
PROMOTED

18.4

AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS
PER EMPLOYEE

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022131Valuing Our People 
GLOBAL REPRESENTATION

~9,500

GLOBAL 
HEADCOUNT

27.1%

WOMEN

10.9

AVERAGE YEARS 
OF SERVICE

17.5

AVERAGE YEARS 
OF EXPERIENCE

GLOBAL  VOLUNTARY  ATTRITION

GLOBAL REPRESENTATION

~9,500

5.6%

All Employees

GLOBAL 
HEADCOUNT

27.1%

WOMEN

GLOBAL  VOLUNTARY  ATTRITION

5.0%
5.6%

Women
All Employees

5.9%
5.0%

Men
Women

16.1%

OF WOMEN ARE 
LEADERS

10.9

17.7%

OF MEN ARE 
LEADERS

17.5

AVERAGE YEARS 
PERCENTAGE  OF  GLOBAL  PROMOTIONS 
OF SERVICE
BY  MEN  AND  WOMEN

AVERAGE YEARS 
OF EXPERIENCE

Women

Men

8.9%

2020

16.1%

OF WOMEN ARE 
2021
LEADERS

6.9%

13.7%

17.7%

18.9%

OF MEN ARE 
LEADERS

2022
PERCENTAGE  OF  GLOBAL  PROMOTIONS 
BY  MEN  AND  WOMEN

17.3%

24.0%

Women

Men

2022  GLOBAL  EMPLOYEE  TRAINING 
8.9%

6.9%

18.9%

2020

2021

23.1

2022

HOURS /
PETROTECHNICAL 
EMPLOYEE

13.7%

$1,071

24.0%

17.3%
AVERAGE AMOUNT 
SPENT PER EMPLOYEE
ON TRAINING

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.

2022  GLOBAL  EMPLOYEE  TRAINING 

5.9%

Men

23.1

HOURS /
PETROTECHNICAL 
EMPLOYEE

$1,071

AVERAGE AMOUNT 
SPENT PER EMPLOYEE
ON TRAINING

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022132Valuing Our PeopleU.S. REPRESENTATION

65.5%

U.S. 
EMPLOYEES 

28.8%

WOMEN

30.1%

POC

6.0%

VETERANS

5.1% PEOPLE WITH 

DISABILITIES

U.S.  PEOPLE  OF  COLOR  (POC)  BY  RACE/ETHNICITY

Black/African American

American Indian/Alaska Native

Asian

Hispanic

Native Hawaiian/Paciﬁc Islander

Two+ Races

2020

2021

2022

4.1% 

2.6% 

6.7% 

10.5% 

0.3%  0.7%

3.8% 

2.2% 

6.1% 

4.2% 

2.4% 

6.3% 

14.7% 

15.6% 

0.2% 1.0% 

0.3%  1.4%

U.S.  LEADERSHIP  BY  RACE/ETHNICITY

U.S.  VOLUNTARY  ATTRITION

15.7%

BLACK/
AFRICAN 
AMERICAN

16.1%

AMERICAN 
INDIAN/
ALASKA 
NATIVE

ASIAN

12.6%

HISPANIC

11.2%

12.5%

NATIVE 
HAWAIIAN/
PACIFIC 
ISLANDER

18.4%

TWO+ 
RACES

WHITE  

18.6%

PERCENTAGE  OF  PROMOTIONS
IN  U.S.  BY  RACE/ETHNICITY

POC

White

7.6%

8.2%

2020

2021

2022

16.8%

19.0%

23.1%
23.1%

6.4%

All employees

5.7%

POC

6.7%

White

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population. 
2022 U.S. leaders by race/ethnicity based on the represented population at ConocoPhillips.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022133Valuing Our PeopleA Compelling Culture

How we do our work sets us apart and drives our 

performance. We’re experts in what we do and continuously 

find ways to do our jobs better. Together, we deliver strong 

performance, but never at all costs. We embrace core 

cultural attributes that are shared by everyone, everywhere. 

Our SPIRIT Values — Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, 

Innovation, and Teamwork — set us apart, align our 

workforce and provide a foundation for our culture.

“We have an organization that 
has very high integrity; it’s very 
collaborative; we have mutual respect 
for one another and there’s open and 
transparent communication. This just 
makes it a great place to work.” 

—  David Hendicott, general manager, Europe & North Africa

OUR  SPIRIT  VALUES

S

SAFETY

No task is so 
important that we 
can’t take the time  
to do it safely.  
A safe company  
is a successful  
company.

P

PEOPLE

I

R

I

T

INTEGRITY

RESPONSIBILITY

INNOVATION

TEAMWORK

We respect one 
another. We 
recognize that our 
success depends 
upon the capabilities 
and inclusion of our 
employees. We value 
different voices  
and opinions.

We are ethical  
and trustworthy 
in our relationships 
with internal and  
external 
stakeholders.
We keep our 
promises.

We are accountable  
for our actions.  
We care about our  
neighbors. 
Sustainability is 
core to our company 
and creates shared 
value for our 
stakeholders.

We anticipate change 
and respond with  
creative solutions.  
We are responsive to  
the changing needs 
of the industry. We 
embrace learning.  
We are not afraid to 
try new things.

We have a “can do” 
attitude that inspires 
top performance  
from everyone. 
We encourage 
collaboration. We 
celebrate success. 
We win together.

Celebrating 10 Years as an Independent 
Exploration & Production Company

The long and illustrious history of ConocoPhillips 

valuable contributions of our workforce. Together, 

spans more than 100 years, and is filled with 

we have focused on operating safely, given back 

fascinating chapters, momentous discoveries, and 

to our communities, helped our colleagues rebuild 

groundbreaking innovations. In 2012, after splitting 

after natural disasters, challenged each other to try 

our then‑integrated oil and gas company into two 

new things, and celebrated individual and shared 

independent companies, we set a vision to be the E&P 

successes. These attributes define who we are and 

company of choice for all stakeholders. We’ve now 

set ConocoPhillips apart from our competition. 

emerged from this transformative decade a stronger, 

more resilient company.

We believe we have the best people, portfolio, and 

value proposition in the industry, which makes us 

Through it all, we’ve been guided by our SPIRIT Values 

built to perform over the long term, and we are ready 

and our “Who We Are” culture. Our success and role as 

to take on the future. Read more on spiritnow.

the leading E&P company is a testament to the many 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022134Valuing Our PeopleAdvancing our Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
Journey

Our programs are built on equitable practices that 

support all employees in unlocking their full potential. Our 

commitment to DEI is foundational to our SPIRIT Values 

and to achieving our business objectives. All employees 

play a part in creating and sustaining an inclusive work 

As our industry evolves, we’ll continue to face both new 

opportunities and challenges. So, we’ll need the best and 

brightest people who bring passion and excitement for 

solving important problems. We also need to cultivate an 

environment where everyone is encouraged and able to 

contribute — no matter their role, level or location. This is how 

innovation thrives, leading to better business outcomes. That 

is why we’ve put an emphasis on — and are committed to — 

elevating DEI and creating a great place to work. 

At ConocoPhillips, we believe our unique differences power 

the future of energy. Our DEI vision is to foster an inclusive 

culture that values the rich mixture of backgrounds, 

identities and workstyles that our employees possess. 

environment that benefits everyone. 

Our  DEI  Council  Representation
    OUR  DEI  COUNCIL  REPRESENTATION

43%

WOMEN

79%

U.S.-BASED
LEADERS

57%

U.S. POC

21%

GLOBAL  
LEADERS

A source of great pride among employees, ConocoPhillips offices play an integral role in the company’s 
culture and identity, their design and functionality establishing an atmosphere of productivity and 
collaboration. In 2022, Human Resources and the Real Estate & Facilities Services teams implemented 
several office improvement and integration projects to enhance employees’ workplace experience.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022135Valuing Our PeopleLeadership is the single biggest determinant of DEI success. 

Highlights from our 2022 DEI accomplishments include:

The ELT has ultimate accountability for advancing our DEI 

commitments through a governance structure that includes 

a Chief Diversity Officer (CDO), a dedicated DEI organization, 

and a global DEI Council consisting of senior leaders from 

across the company. All company leaders are accountable 

for advancing DEI through local efforts. Our DEI efforts and 

progress are regularly reviewed with the board. 

Learn more about our DEI journey from our previous Human 

Capital Management Reports.

In 2022, we welcomed our new CDO. Over the course of 

the year, the CDO established the DEI organization and 

embarked on a global listening tour to understand the 

impact of current efforts, areas for improvement, and the 

overall employee experience. Based on the insights and 

perspectives from employees, the company’s DEI strategy 

was refreshed, inclusive of four focus areas: people, 

programs and processes, culture, and our external brand 

and reputation.

DEI PILLARS

•  Reviewing the results of the 2022 Perspectives survey and 

continuing to integrate the insights into our DEI efforts.

•  Staffing the newly established DEI organization.

•  Launching our DEI Dashboards 2.0 internally, which 

feature expanded global and U.S. workforce metrics and 

industry benchmark data. 

•  Completing a bias audit of our hiring processes.

•  Hosting our inaugural Black Leadership Symposium to 

support future leadership diversity in the company.

•  Having 45 leaders and employees participate in 

Catalyst’s Men Advocating Real Change (MARC) 

Program and extending invites to ConocoPhillips‑hosted 

workshops in Houston and Midland to industry peers and 

other companies.

Our people are 
how we advance 
diversity through 
representation.

We enhance our 
employee experience 
by ensuring equity in 
how we attract, develop 
and retain employees. 

Valuing and inviting 
diverse perspectives 
creates an inclusive 
environment and 
fosters a culture of 
belonging.

Highlighting our journey 
fosters a sense of pride 
and encourages the 
industry to push the 
status quo. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022136Valuing Our PeopleIntroducing Our CDO

In April 2022, Natacha Buchanan joined 

“One of the things that attracted me the most to 

ConocoPhillips as our first Chief Diversity Officer. 

join ConocoPhillips was its visible commitment 

She brings 20 years of Finance and HR experience 

to progress. I was impressed by how the 

from her previous roles at ConocoPhillips and 

company was moving the needle through the 

Phillips 66, including four years leading DEI efforts. 

collective work of employees, leaders, employee 

In this newly created position, Buchanan serves 

resource groups and councils. We have a great 

on the Leadership Forum, a group comprised of 

opportunity to build on this solid DEI foundation 

the company’s top senior leaders, leads the global 

with an organization now dedicated full-time 

DEI Council and oversees a team responsible for 

to advancing DEI to benefit all employees,” 

executing the company’s DEI strategy. 

said Buchanan.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022137Valuing Our PeopleInaugural Black 
Leadership Symposium

cultivating strong relationships through networking 

and developing a leadership mindset. Speakers also 

addressed topics through the lens of Black corporate 

experiences, such as discussing the level of trust and 

Our Black Employee Network of Houston hosted its 

vulnerability needed to thrive as a minority, and how to 

inaugural Black Leadership Symposium at ConocoPhillips 

identify and manage exclusionary behaviors.

headquarters in March 2022. The symposium was designed 

to support and develop emerging Black leaders at 

ConocoPhillips.

The symposium will be held annually with a refreshed 

group of cohorts. This also marks an important 

milestone on our collective DEI journey as a deliberate 

Sessions led both by members of the ConocoPhillips ELT 

and targeted investment to ensure we close our 

and Board of Directors, as well as external speakers, were 

leadership parity gap by achieving a robust pipeline of 

focused on growing functional knowledge of the business, 

diverse leaders in the future.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022138Valuing Our PeopleMeasuring our Progress

with the ELT, reviews diversity metrics and identifies the 

appropriate plans and priorities to address our trends.

We are committed to being transparent as we build a more 

diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, and we monitor 

employee engagement survey results and diversity metrics 

on a global basis. The DEI organization, in conjunction 

“You can see me thriving, and that will 

provide a role model for so many others who 

are underrepresented or underestimated. 

I’m a good example that illustrates 

Starting in 2019, we began internal publication of our first 

DEI dashboards, which contained multi‑year trends of key 

DEI statistics for our global and U.S. employees. These 

dashboards are updated annually. In 2022, we published 

the second edition of our internal DEI Dashboards with an 

expanded view of our global and U.S. workforce metrics. 

The new dashboards show workforce data outside the U.S. 

and industry benchmark data to help compare our internal 

metrics against those of our peers. Externally, we publish our 

workforce metrics and HCM disclosures in our Consolidated 

ConocoPhillips’ commitment to creating a 

EEO‑1 Reports, Sustainability Report and Human Capital 

diverse and inclusive workforce with access 

Management Report.

to great opportunities to excel.” 

You can find our workforce metrics in the Performance 

—  Tuba Khawaja, Finance, Planning and Analysis Director,  

Metrics and key trends below:

Low Carbon Technologies

PROGRESS IN GLOBAL REPRESENTATION 
OF WOMEN 
FROM 2018 TO 2022

PROGRESS IN REPRESENTATION 
OF U.S. PEOPLE OF COLOR 
FROM 2018 TO 2022

t
n
e
c
r
e
P

30

25

20

15

10

5

0

Employees

Professionals

All
Leaders

Junior
Leaders1

Top
Leaders2

+2

PP

+1

Percentage
Points (PP)

+4

PP

+3

PP

+6

PP

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

30

25

20

t
n
e
c
r
e
P

15

10

5

0

Employees Professionals

All
Leaders

 Junior
Leaders1

Top
Leaders2

+6

PP

+5

PP

+5

PP

+5

PP

+7

PP

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

2018–2022

1 Junior leader is defined as front-line supervisors, typically recognized within the company for expertise and technical leadership within a discipline.

2 Top leader is defined as high-level leaders typically responsible for enterprise/business unit goals, strategies and cross-discipline organizations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022139Valuing Our PeopleYou can find our workforce metrics in the Performance 

Overall, our 2022 scores showed improvement year over 

Metrics and key trends below:

year. The DEI organization reviews insights gained from 

The ConocoPhillips Perspectives survey is our primary 

listening platform for gathering feedback on employee 

sentiment to measure incremental year‑over‑year progress 

on DEI. The five questions we use to track DEI in the survey 

focus on the topics of belonging, inclusion, diversity 

progress, equal opportunity and psychological safety.

the DEI‑specific scores, comments and feedback through 

various demographic filters and uses findings to validate 

and/or evolve our multi‑year DEI priorities and actions. 

We also recognize that while progress has been made, we 

lag our external benchmark in some areas and still have 

significant work to do. 

DEI Questions

2022

2023

2023 Scores vs.
External Benchmark

I feel free to speak my mind without fear 

of negative consequences. 76

78 Exceeds

We are making progress on diversity, equity 

and inclusion at ConocoPhillips. 70 74 Not Available*

I feel a sense of belonging 

at ConocoPhillips. 69 73 At Benchmark

ConocoPhillips has an equal opportunity to succeed. 66 70 Below

Regardless of background, everyone at 

Leaders at ConocoPhillips value 

different perspectives. 66 69 Below

*No external benchmark available as this is a customized question for our company.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022140Valuing Our PeopleExternal Recognition

While we have been recognized for our DEI efforts, 

we know that it takes ongoing commitment to make 

sustainable progress. So, we continue to provide training, 

build awareness and reinforce accountability at all levels of 

the organization. We focus on behaviors and processes that 

build an environment where everyone has the opportunity 

to succeed.

The Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index 

recognized us in 2022 for our commitment to lesbian, gay, 

bisexual and transgender equality in the workplace with 

a score of 100. Additionally, we were recognized as one of 

Forbes’ 2022 World’s Top Female‑Friendly Companies (#21) 

and Fortune’s 2023 World’s Most Admired Companies. 

U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Reports 

We are committed to publicly disclosing ConocoPhillips’ 

Consolidated EEO‑1 Report on a voluntary basis. The report 

characterizes ConocoPhillips’ U.S. workforce by race, 

ethnicity and gender across job categories established by 

the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). 

Our U.S. workforce breakdown is included below.

ConocoPhillips’ EEO‑1 reports for the last three years: 

•  2021 EEO-1 Report 

•  2020 EEO-1 Report 

•  2019 EE0-1 Report 

Additional details on EEO reports are available on the 

EEOC website.

1.4%  Two+ Races

2.4%  American Indian/
Alaska Native

0.3%  Native Hawaiian/
Paciﬁc Islander

0.1%  Undisclosed

4.2%  Black/African American

6.3% Asian

69.7%  White

15.6%  Hispanic

2022 U.S. 
Representation 
by Race/
Ethnicity

6.0%
5.1%

U.S. VETERANS

PEOPLE WITH 
DISABILITIES

ConocoPhillips prepares its EEO-1 reports based on strict guidelines issued by the EEOC. Data may not equal 100% due to rounding.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022141Valuing Our PeopleA World-Class 
Workforce

Attraction and Retention

Our continued success requires a strong global workforce that 

32% Business

can contribute the right skills, in the right places, to achieve 

our strategic objectives. We offer university internships across 

multiple disciplines to attract the best early‑career talent. We 

also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain 

a broad range of expertise and experience.

Our voluntary attrition rate in 2022 was 5.6%. We monitor 

our voluntary attrition rate on a weekly basis and seek 

to understand trends that may be driving attrition. This 

includes reviewing qualitative feedback from exit interviews 

and periodically analyzing the data through different 

demographics filters (e.g., gender and U.S. POC) for trends. 

2.2%  American Indian/
Alaska Native

0.5%  Native Hawaiian/
Paciﬁc Islander

2.4% Two+ Races

6.8% Asian

0.5% Undisclosed

59.2% White

7.4% Black/
African 
American

2022 
U.S. Hires

21.2% Hispanic

Data may not equal 100% due to rounding.

40% Field

Global Hires 
by Function

28% Engineering 
and Geoscience

29%

OF GLOBAL HIRES
WERE WOMEN 

41%

OF U.S. HIRES
IN 2022 WERE 
PEOPLE OF COLOR

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022142Valuing Our PeopleInclusive Hiring 

We believe that our workforce should reflect the 

communities in which we live and work. To ensure our 

workforce reflects the diversity of external talent pools, 

we leverage data analytics and other key business 

drivers to evaluate and optimize our experienced hire 

recruiting strategies. 

• 

In the U.S., an experienced hire dashboard was 

developed to observe the diversity composition of the 

candidate pool from application to offer.

•  We use an innovative writing platform to help us 

remove any biased language and unconscious barriers 

to attracting top candidates from job postings. 

•  To continue broadening our pipeline of talent, we 

leverage various platforms to promote open positions. 

We continually strive to ensure equitable practices in every 

For example, we work to connect with veterans 

aspect of our recruitment process, from drafting inclusive 

and individuals with disabilities who want to find 

job descriptions to using intentionally diverse interview 

employment with an inclusive employer and ensure 

panels, to be able to attract a broad pipeline of candidates.

job postings are promoted through a variety of diverse 

•  We use an established internal business process for 

organizations. 

auditing each step of our sourcing, recruitment and 

• 

In the U.S., hiring veterans is a key element of our 

selection processes to mitigate the potential for bias in 

talent strategy. Veterans currently represent 6% of our 

our decisions. 

employee workforce.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022143Valuing Our PeopleCompany leaders host various discussions with interns throughout the summer to provide opportunities to learn more about the 
company, oil and gas industry and key focus areas such as sustainability and the energy transition.

U.S. Internship Program

Bringing new people with fresh ideas into our company is 

vital to our future. We take enormous pride in our Summer 

Internship Program, which strives to offer a compelling, 

hands‑on experience. We provide interns with challenging 

assignments, knowledgeable mentors and engaging 

activities to help them grow their skills and network. 

The relationship between the company and the universities 

we support is important. We invest in strengthening our 

future workforce by making financial contributions to 

19 universities, including giving to programs that aid in 

expanding the pipeline of talent into our industry through 

DEI efforts. In 2022, we allocated 42% of our contributions 

in service of DEI advancement. 

To attract top talent for full‑time positions and summer 

internships, we recruit from numerous universities in the 

2022  DIVERSITY  OF  U.S.  INTERNS 
AND  UNIVERSITY  HIRES

INTERNS:

%43

WOMEN

40%

POC

UNIVERSITY HIRES: 

%38

WOMEN

%40

POC

U.S. By attending conferences and recruiting at Hispanic‑

To help track and monitor progress on the diversity 

serving institutions like the University of Houston and 

of our university hires and interns, we utilize a data 

HBCUs like Prairie View A&M University, we are able 

analytics dashboard to provide insights into the diversity 

to broaden the diversity of our talent pool. We also 

of university talent pools, as well as visibility into the 

partner with diverse organizations such as the National 

diversity representation throughout our recruiting process, 

Society of Black Engineers, the National Association 

from application to offer. This data also helps us monitor 

of Black Geoscientists, the National Association 

acceptance and intern conversion rates and enables us 

of Black Accountants, and INROADS, a nonprofit 

to make informed, data‑driven decisions regarding our 

committed to leadership and career development for 

university contributions each year.

underrepresented talent.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022144Valuing Our PeopleOUR  2022  U.S.  INTERNSHIP  PROGRAM  BY  THE  NUMBERS

3.2% American Indian/
Alaska Native

3.2%  Two+ Races

7.9% Hispanic

9.5% Asian

15.9%  Black/
African American

60.3% White

2022
U.S. University 
Hires

*Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total 
number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.

2022 Job and Internship 
Acceptance Rates*  
by U.S. University Students

68%
70%
77%

U.S. 
INTERNS 

U.S. UNIVERSITY 
HIRES 

CONVERSION 
RATE OF INTERNS 
TO HIRES 

*Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022145Valuing Our PeopleEmployee Engagement  
and Development 

Investing in our employees is good business, improves our 

company’s performance and strengthens our employee 

strengthening our culture. Leaders analyze the survey data 

and comments and identify focus areas for action, striving 

for incremental year‑over‑year progress on results. Our 

employee feedback strategy is comprised of an annual 

engagement survey and shorter pulse surveys as needed. 

engagement. We approach talent development and 

We launched our latest survey in January 2023. We asked 

succession planning with the same rigor that we apply to 

25 questions on topics relevant to the health and long‑term 

our business strategy. We seek to attract, develop and retain 

success of our organization, such as engagement, DEI, 

employees through a combination of on‑the‑job learning, 

SPIRIT Values, company strategy, career development, 

formal training, and regular feedback and mentoring.

leadership and well‑being. We had a participation rate of 

Employee Feedback 
Surveys

84% and received over 15,000 written comments from 

employees around the globe. It’s encouraging to see all 

our scores improved year over year, including employee 

satisfaction (eSat) which increased from 75 to 79, and is 

Taking steps to measure and assess employee satisfaction 

higher than both the oil and gas and global benchmarks 

and engagement is at the heart of long‑term business 

provided by our third‑party survey provider. Leaders will 

success and creating a great place to work for our global 

analyze organizational results and set key focus areas for 

workforce. Since 2019, the ConocoPhillips Perspectives 

relevant actions for their groups.

survey has become our primary listening platform 

for gathering feedback on employee sentiment and 

84%

GLOBAL 
PARTICIPATION 
RATE

~ 15,000

WRITTEN 
COMMENTS

79

EMPLOYEE
SATISFACTION 
SCORE

80%

WOULD RECOMMEND 
CONOCOPHILLIPS AS 
A GREAT PLACE TO WORK

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022146Valuing Our PeopleCareer Development

We empower our employees to grow their careers through 

personal and professional development opportunities. 

Employees can identify opportunities for growth through a 

series of career management tools that help an employee 

plan out their short‑  and long‑term career goals and enable 

meaningful career conversations with their supervisors, such 

as individual development plans and 360 assessments.

In the 2022 Perspectives survey, we asked for and received 

feedback from employees on career development at 

ConocoPhillips. That feedback has been a launching pad for 

a multi‑year project designed to redefine the critical career 

development pathways for employees in achieving their 

career goals at ConocoPhillips. In order to attract, retain and 

develop the workforce of the future, we are setting out to 

transparently address the most important career choices for 

employees to help them maximize their career potential.

Last year, we also hosted a three‑week development 

Employees participated in live and virtual workshops, panel 

series across our U.S. locations, featuring 39 in‑person and 

discussions and training sessions that touched on key topics 

virtual presentations, panel discussions and networking 

related to life, career and the company.

opportunities and attended by more than 4,000 employees. 

Leveling up: Development Series fosters a culture 
of learning, gives employees a chance to upskill 

Our 2022 Development Series learning event featured 

a specially curated selection of learning opportunities 

for employees. The three-week program was composed 

of informative workshops, panel discussions and 

training sessions led by internal and external experts, 

and encompassed a variety of topics designed to fuel 

workplace productivity, enhance business acumen and 

understanding of the company’s inner workings, and 

support our employees’ well-being. 

More than 4,000 employees across the United States 

were supported in their learning journey through the 

Development Series. Read more on spiritnow about 

employee insights gained and opportunities realized.

“Our Development 
Series is designed to 
drive our performance 
and help us create 
a workplace where 
our people can 
grow professionally 
and personally.”
— Heather Hrap, senior vice president, Human 

Resources and Real Estate & Facility Services

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022147Valuing Our PeopleTalent Management 
Teams

Skills‑based Talent Management Teams (TMTs), made 

up of senior representatives from business units and 

corporate functions, guide employee development and 

•  Dashboards of demographic metrics are utilized by TMTs 

to mitigate bias. 

•  TMTs are aligned to common DEI goals that are reviewed 

and updated to ensure continued progress on equitable 

talent strategies.

•  TMTs across all disciplines come together on a quarterly 

career progression by discipline (e.g., Geoscience, Finance 

basis to knowledge share on common talent challenges 

and Global Production) and location. TMTs help identify our 

and spotlight best practices and approaches to 

future business needs and assess the availability of critical 

developing their talent pipeline.

skill sets within the company. They also play a vital role in 

ensuring the integrity and equity in our talent practices 

and succession planning. Since 2021, a number of steps 

Succession Planning

have been taken to further embed DEI into our core talent 

Succession planning is a top priority for management 

processes and bring TMTs together across disciplines 

and the board. Leaders at all levels review Individual 

to share best practices for engaging and developing key 

Development Plans, provide feedback and facilitate career 

segments of our workforce:

•  TMT leadership is reviewed annually to ensure that the 

teams are diverse (e.g., gender, location, race/ethnicity) 

and authentically represent the broad discipline employee 

population.

•  TMTs engage in an annual cadence to review the depth 

and diversity of succession benches to ensure consistency 

and equity in our succession strategies. 

“How we work to manage global talent 
pools through TMTs is differential for 
our company. TMTs help employees 
bridge the gap between having a 
job and having a career. We prepare 
employees for their next role and 
work collectively to facilitate those 
opportunities. At an enterprise 
level, we evaluate the skills needed 
by discipline as our industry 
continues to evolve. Across all TMTs, 
together we share best practices to 
help maximize impact and enable 
consistency.” 

—  Dave Mabee, general manager, Reservoir Engineering  

and Reservoir Engineering TMT Lead 

conversations on an ongoing basis to ensure that employees 

can reach their full potential. Annually, business leaders and 

TMTs meet to review succession benches, calibrate talent 

and provide recommendations to executive leadership and 

the board to ready our succession candidates for future 

leadership roles and promote business continuity.

Formal Training

In 2022, our employees completed more than 175,200 hours 

of virtual and in‑person training on topics ranging from 

technical to professional development (an average of 

18.4 hours per employee). We provide numerous training 

and development offerings to equip our workforce, our 

hiring managers and our leaders with the skills, knowledge 

and self‑awareness to advance our diversity, equity and 

inclusion efforts. We also offer all global employees access 

to LinkedIn Learning. 

In 2022, our eight‑month‑long, early‑career PetroTech 

Academy training program concluded with 70 global 

participants convening in Houston for an asset development 

simulation and week‑long discipline school. Additionally, 

a Technical Learning Council was formed, bringing 

together a team of top leaders across technical disciplines 

and digital skills to help guide learning strategy with an 

emphasis on critical skills. Lastly, a new, enterprise‑wide 

competency management system was implemented with 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022148Valuing Our Peoplemore than 2,500 users on the platform. The system supports 

small virtual cohorts to create an opportunity for leaders to 

assessment and tracking of operational and regulatory‑

connect on key business drivers influencing our corporate 

required competencies and is being piloted for technical 

culture. Every fall, our senior leaders come together in 

skills competency development.

person in Houston for our annual Leadership Forum meeting 

Leadership Development

We recognize that supervisors play a key role in talent 

development, so we offer a robust supervisor development 

curriculum to help leaders effectively engage and develop 

their employees. Global courses focus on proactive 

communication, employee development and building trust. 

to align with our Executive Leadership Team on priorities 

related to company strategy, technology, DEI and topical 

employee engagement strategies.

In 2022, we took an opportunity to explore a number 

of external and internal leadership curriculums and 

conferences in service of enhancing the skills, capabilities 

and leadership readiness of our employees. This work will 

continue as we refine our core and targeted leadership 

Our Leader of Leaders program brings together the 

development needs as an output of the broader career 

company’s top senior leaders from around the globe in 

development strategy work.

Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) champions 
share their passion 
and vision for DEI 
during an interactive 
panel discussion at 
ConocoPhillips Center in 
Houston during the 2022 
Development Series.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022149Valuing Our PeoplePerformance 
Management

Recognition is important to our employees and core to 

our culture. Our supervisor‑  and employee‑driven internal 

recognition program, The Mark Award, enables employees 

We use a performance management program focused 

to recognize their peers for individual accomplishments 

on objectivity, credibility and transparency. The program 

through monetary and non‑monetary awards (Instant 

includes broad stakeholder feedback, real‑time 

Thanks). Within our monetary program, our peer‑to‑peer 

recognition and a formal “how” rating to hold our 

recognition program enables employees to acknowledge 

workforce and our leaders accountable for behaviors 

and extend real‑time recognition to colleagues for going 

reflective of our SPIRIT Values and Leadership 

above and beyond in their day‑to‑day work or completing 

Competencies. Our leaders are equipped with 

project milestones. In 2022, 73% of our global employees 

guidelines and reference materials to assist with their 

received awards, and nearly 16,500 monetary awards were 

assessment of key “how” performance indicators.

shared and 2,500 Instant Thanks messages were sent.

THE MARK AWARD PROGRAM
An employee-driven recognition program 

OF EMPLOYEES RECEIVED 
INSTANT THANKS

20%
~2,500

INSTANT THANKS 
MESSAGES SENT

OF EMPLOYEES 
RECEIVED AWARDS

~73%
~16,500

MONETARY AWARDS
SHARED

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022150Valuing Our PeopleCompensation, Benefits  
and Well-being

Our compensation and benefits philosophy and the 

overall structure of our programs are designed to reward 

all employees who contribute to our success. We offer 

competitive, performance‑based compensation packages, 

follow global equitable pay practices and provide family‑

friendly benefits that support our employees through all 

stages of their life. 

success on critical performance metrics and also recognizes 

individual performance. Our RSU program is designed to 

attract and retain employees, reward performance and align 

employee interest with stockholders by encouraging stock 

ownership. Our retirement and savings plans are intended 

to support employees’ financial futures and are competitive 

within local markets. 

Global Equitable  
Pay Practices 

Compensation

We have global equitable pay practices that strive to ensure 

the compensation of every employee reflects their talents, 

Our compensation programs are generally comprised of a 

skills, responsibilities and experience and is competitive 

base pay rate, the annual Variable Cash Incentive Program 

within our peer group. We routinely benchmark our global 

(VCIP) and, for eligible employees, the Restricted Stock Unit 

compensation and benefits programs with local markets 

(RSU) program. From the CEO to the frontline worker, every 

to ensure they are competitive, inclusive and aligned with 

employee participates in VCIP, our annual incentive program, 

company culture, and allow our employees to meet their 

which aligns employee compensation with ConocoPhillips’ 

individual needs and the needs of their families. 

GLOBAL  EQUI TABLE  PAY  PR ACTICES

We conduct annual disparity pay 
reviews to assess potential gaps 
related to university hire pay 
compression, etc.

We follow established hiring 
guidelines for U.S. university 
recruitment based on degree level 
and degree type — offers are 
made consistently.

With the assistance of external 
expertise, we conduct periodic pay 
equity analysis in our major 
markets and adjust compensation 
where appropriate.

We conduct annual adverse impact 
analysis before compensation 
decisions are ﬁnalized.

We conduct gender pay gap 
analysis and reporting in the U.K. 
and Australia, aligned with local 
government requirements. 

We provide regular updates to the 
Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors 
on people strategies and initiatives, 
including DEI and pay equity.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022151Valuing Our PeopleBenefits 

Health Plan option and increasing company contributions to 

employees’ Health Savings Accounts. We also invested in an 

Our global benefits are competitive, inclusive and align 

automatic rebate program to reduce the cost of frequently 

with our culture. We provide family‑friendly policies such 

used, brand‑name prescription drugs by about 40% for 

as flexible work schedules, a hybrid office work program, 

employees covered by ConocoPhillips’ medical plan. 

competitive time off, paid leave to care for seriously ill family 

members and parental leave in many locations. Combined 

with our maternity benefit (eight weeks), new birth mothers 

in the U.S. are eligible for up to 14 weeks of paid leave. In 

2022, we made additional investments in our U.S. health 

coverage by lowering premiums for the High Deductible 

U.S.  EMPLOYEE  ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM  (EAP)  BENEFITS

8

COUNSELING SESSIONS
Available for employees and eligible 
dependents per issue, per year.

24

HOURS PER DAY
Employees can call anytime
to get help.

365

DAYS OF THE YEAR
EAP is available through 
Concern Health.

In the U.S., we partner with employees who participate in 

ConocoPhillips’ medical plan to promote accountability for 

personal health through our Health Improvement Incentive 

Program. This voluntary program encourages healthy 

behaviors, provides insights into potential health risks and 

offers opportunities to improve overall health. Employees 

can earn incentives toward medical premiums by completing 

a series of steps, including the newly added mental well‑

being incentive. In 2022, 75% of participants completed 

a biometric screening, of which 81% earned the mental 

well-being incentive.

Well-being 

Our global wellness programs are designed to educate 

participants and promote a healthy lifestyle. Each year, we 

host a global well‑being competition featuring health and 

wellness activities called the SPIRIT of Wellness challenge. 

In 2022, nearly 1,250 employees and contractors participated 

as individuals or as part of a team, recording daily activities, 

earning points, and tracking their progress on Individual 

and Team Leaderboards. The event challenged participants 

to prioritize their well‑being by incorporating healthy and 

sustainable components of physical, nutritional and mental 

health into their daily routines.

All employees have access to our employee assistance 

program, and many of our locations offer custom programs 

to support mental well‑being. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022152Valuing Our PeopleExternal Engagement

We care about our neighbors in the communities in which we 

operate, and our employees make our communities stronger. 

We are proud to support their generous involvement in 

local charitable activities through employee volunteerism 

and giving programs that include United Way campaigns, 

matching gift contributions, and volunteer grants. 

In addition, we support and participate in leadership 

conferences, trade associations and minority nonprofit 

organizations. While we have been recognized for our ESG 

and DEI efforts, we know that it takes ongoing commitment 

to make sustainable progress.

Conocophillips  
Employee Advocates  
for Pakistani People in 
Their Hour of Need

Inspired to help the people of Pakistan during the 

devastating 2022 floods, Low Carbon Technologies 

Finance, Planning and Analysis Director Tuba Khawaja 

initiated an internal fundraising campaign which, when 

combined with ConocoPhillips’ Matching Gift program, 

raised more than $40,000 for Pakistan flood relief.  

Read more on spiritnow.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022153Valuing Our PeopleSafety, Health and Security

SPIRIT Values — Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork — 
inspire our actions and confirm that safety is core to how we operate. We consistently 
promote safe work practices and are focused on control of work.

Removal of heat-exchange bundle in the amine 
system during shutdown at Curtis Island.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022154Safety, Health and SecuritySafety

COMPONENTS  OF
HUMAN  PERFORMANCE

A Learning Organization

We will not be satisfied until we succeed in eliminating 

all injuries, occupational illnesses, unsafe practices and 

incidents of environmental harm from our activities.

Our vision is to increase operational reliability and resiliency, 

and we believe that begins with learning. By being curious 

about how work is done, recognizing error‑likely situations 

and applying safeguards to strengthen systems and 

processes, we can reduce the likelihood and severity of 

unexpected incidents. 

We continuously look for ways to operate more safely, 

efficiently and responsibly. We focus on reducing human 

error by emphasizing interaction among people, equipment 

and work processes. By applying a learning mindset, human 

performance concepts and being alert to what could go 

wrong, we are increasing our capacity to safely manage risk. 

We employ redundant defenses and safeguards in critical 

systems, so when an unplanned event occurs, we can 

mitigate impact to people and the environment. Engaged 

leaders are critical in this culture of learning. Listening to 

frontline workers, understanding context and productively 

responding with curiosity are paramount to identify areas 

for improvement in our systems. We conduct thorough 

investigations of all serious incidents to understand 

the root cause and share lessons learned globally to 

improve our facility designs, procedures, training and 

maintenance programs.

We have processes in place to encourage candid dialogue 

on the work being done and to share ideas. Learning Teams 

are facilitated sessions in which the team and facilitator 

discuss successful work or an unplanned event to better 

understand the context of how the work was done. Our 

Opportunity to Learn process enables information to 

be shared quickly following an incident or near miss so 

learnings can be recognized and applied to other applicable 

locations to prevent repeat incidents.

WORK
SYSTEMS

CULTURE

PEOPLE

PROCESSES

EQUIPMENT

LEADERSHIP

In June 2022, the Lower 48 business unit (BU) hosted 

a Contractor HSE Forum with senior leaders from 

ConocoPhillips and more than 20 contractor companies. 

The forum focused on topics to progress safety, efficiency 

and reliability in the Lower 48. One segment of the forum 

highlighted becoming a better learning organization, with 

particular emphasis on how leaders respond when an 

unexpected event occurs.

Watch ‘Safety Leadership in the Bakken’

Process Safety

Process safety is achieved by using special precautions, 

or barriers, to keep our facilities safe and our products 

safely contained, eliminating potential impact to people, 

property or the environment. An unplanned or uncontrolled 

release of any material from a process system is considered 

This approach is reinforced through additional activities 

a process safety event. We have consistent practices and 

such as verification of personal and process safety 

processes for the prevention, control and mitigation of 

safeguards, and meaningful leadership engagement with 

process safety events. Effective barriers can be active, 

field operations.

passive or procedural, and can involve equipment and/or 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022155Safety, Health and Securitypeople. We utilize multiple barriers to achieve redundancy 

depending on the severity of the potential hazard.

We seek to continually improve our process safety 

culture and performance across the entire company. A 

global network of process safety experts meets regularly 

to share knowledge and discuss best practices for 

continuous improvement. To strengthen our process safety 

performance:

•  Engineers design safer systems with new knowledge and 

technologies.

•  Trained operations staff perform routine maintenance to 

mitigate process hazards and ensure asset integrity. 

Hydrocarbon Spill 
Prevention

We evaluate the risk of spills occurring and potential impacts 

while taking numerous precautions to prevent spills and 

mitigate impact within our operations. Specialized designs, 

operating procedures, routine maintenance of our facilities, 

verifications and process safety best practices play a 

key role in protecting the environment where we operate. 

We develop and maintain site specific Spill Prevention, 

Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) plans for identified 

facilities. We have dedicated spill prevention teams in areas 

with high activity and sensitive ecosystems. If a spill does 

•  Process safety experts analyze events and share 

occur, established practices and resources are deployed 

knowledge globally.

Enhancing process safety awareness and competency 

across our company is one of our key objectives. Our Process 

Safety Fundamentals are simple, actionable, good operating 

practices developed to improve process safety awareness. 

Over time, people naturally become desensitized to the 

risks they face, making errors more likely. Recognizing this, 

to control and mitigate the impact. We are also focused 

on strengthening our critical incident risk management 

capability through our systematic, multi‑tiered approach 

to emergency preparedness and crisis management. 

Hydrocarbon spills impacting a sensitive area and spills 

greater than 100 barrels are immediately reported to our 

corporate office.

the Process Safety Fundamentals are intended to highlight 

In 2022, we experienced two hydrocarbon spills to the 

those critical operating tasks that we must not get wrong.

environment greater than 100 barrels. One spill occurred 

PROCESS SAFETY FUNDAMENTALS

Use two barriers for 
hydrocarbon vents 
and drains.

Follow an approved change 
management process prior to 
altering process systems 
(even if temporary).

Do not leave critical 
draining and transfer 
operations unattended.

Verify for complete 
tightness after 
installation or 
maintenance work.

Know the condition of 
your safety devices. 
Risk assess any 
impairments or deferrals.

Ensure equipment is 
pressure-free, drained 
and properly isolated 
before starting work.

Walk the line. Verify 
and validate any 
line-up change.

Ensure effective well 
isolation, with at least two 
barriers, when working 
downstream of a well.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022156Safety, Health and Securityon land in the U.S. Lower 48 and one occurred on land in 

Removal Organizations (OSROs) across the globe, which 

Canada, resulting in approximately 300 total barrels being 

affords us access to substantial inventories of, and the latest 

released with a 68% recovery rate. 

advances in, proven response equipment. 

The number of hydrocarbon spills to the environment greater 

In the Gulf of Mexico, we are members of two OSROs, 

than one barrel decreased in 2022. We had 99 spills that 

Marine Spill Response Corporation (MSRC) and Clean Gulf 

were greater than one barrel, with 86 of those between 

Associates (CGA). Our Alaska business unit has memberships 

one and 10 barrels. Fifty eight percent of the spilled volume 

in two large OSROs, including Alaska Clean Seas (ACS) 

was fully recovered. None of our spills in 2022 impacted 

and Ship Escort/Response Vessel System (SERVS) for our 

a shoreline. 

In 2022, our methodology for reporting hydrocarbon spills to 

the environment was reviewed and updated to better align 

with Ipieca reporting standards. This approach is consistent 

with industry best practices and has allowed a more 

accurate assessment of spill volumes that are impacting 

the environment by considering site‑specific conditions. 

Additionally, the decreased spill counts and volumes are 

reflective of enhanced spill prevention awareness and 

mitigation tactics in 2022. View our Performance Metrics on 

our website.

Read more about our Process Safety Culture on our website.

Spill Response and Mitigation 

We have both internal and external resources to assist 

exploration and production operations on the North Slope 

and our Polar Tanker operations in Prince William Sound, 

respectively. Our membership in MSRC, as well as a contract 

with the National Response Corporation (NRC), provides 

coverage for our Polar Tankers operations along the U.S. 

west coast. 

In addition to our U.S.‑based OSRO memberships, the 

company also belongs to Oil Spill Response Limited (OSRL) 

and The Norwegian Clean Seas Association for Operating 

Companies (NOFO). OSRL provides substantial global 

response resources staged at various locations around 

the world, whereas NOFO, also with significant resources, 

provides regional OSRO support for our Norway operations. 

We are also members in other, somewhat smaller, 

local OSROs associated with many of our global operations. 

with spill remediation and response. Our investment in spill 

Read more about our Emergency Preparedness on our 

response technologies includes membership in Oil Spill 

website.

Number of SpillsVolume of Spills (BBL) Number of SpillsVolume of Spills (BBL) 6001,5001,8008612,194HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE ENVIRONMENT >1 BARREL (BBL)20182019202020212022831789989941,100100900734HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE ENVIRONMENT >100 BARRELS (BBL)2018201920202021202212524299ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022157Safety, Health and SecurityPersonal Safety

Our Life Saving Rules were established based on industry 

lessons and best practices to prevent serious or fatal injuries 

from occurring. The rules have visual reminders and easy‑

to‑follow minimum requirements, called critical controls, to 

keep our workforce safe during high‑risk activities. They are 

part of our safe work cycle that includes “plan, do, assess 

and adjust.” Our Life Saving Rules and corresponding field 

verification program reinforce our strong culture of safety 

and contribute to our long‑term decline in workforce injuries.

Life Saving Rules are introduced during new employee and 

contractor onboarding sessions and orientation. Videos 

highlighting each rule and corresponding critical controls 

are played in field‑safety meetings. Applicable Life Saving 

Rule identification and critical controls are addressed as part 

of pre‑job planning, permits and risk‑assessment processes.

Our work is never so urgent 
or important that we cannot 
take the time to do it safely 
and in an environmentally 
responsible manner.

and to minimize any potential for business interruption 

related to coronavirus variants or other pandemics. 

In 2022, the number of COVID‑19 cases across the company 

was significantly less than the prior two years. However, we 

did experience instances of workplace transmission during 

the year. Including lost workday cases related to COVID‑19, 

our 2022 total recordable rate (TRR) was 0.28. Excluding 

COVID‑19 cases, our TRR was 0.14.

We compare our TRR to oil and gas peers and to other 

ConocoPhillips discontinued global COVID‑19 policies at the 

industries.

end of 2022, and our Health Services function continues 

to monitor the situation and support BUs and functions as 

needed to properly record and report workplace illnesses, 

Watch the ‘Line of Fire’ video.

TOTAL  RECORDABLE  RATES  (TRR)

TOTAL  RECORDABLE  RATE  (TRR)

0.60

0.40

0.20

0.00

3

0.40

0.30

0.20

0.10

0.00

2

1

0

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2010

2012

2014

2016

2018

2020 2022

Incidents per 200,000 hours worked.

TRR (excluding COVID-19)

TRR (including COVID-19)

Incidents per 200,000 hours worked.

Lost workday case rate 
(Excluding COVID-19)

Lost workday case rate 
(Including COVID-19)

Fatalities

Incidents excluding COVID-19 Lost Workday Cases.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022158Safety, Health and SecuritySECTOR  INJURY  RATES

3

2

1

0

Oil & Gas 

Utilities

Construction
Industry

U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Incident rates and number of nonfatal 
injuries by sector, released in 2021. 

Our 2022 workforce TRR of 0.14, excluding COVID‑19, is 

industry leading.

HSE Management  
System

Our corporate Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) 

Management System Standard helps ensure that business 

activities are consistently conducted in a safe, healthy, 

environmentally and socially responsible manner across the 

globe. The standard outlines requirements for implementing 

the company's HSE Policy, leadership expectations and 

SPIRIT Values. Individual sections of the standard combine 

to provide a continuous improvement process based on 

plan, do, assess and adjust. Our corporate standard aligns 

with and is based on industry standards such as ISO 

Management System to meet requirements outlined in the 

global standard and assess and manage local regulatory 

requirements and operational risks to the business, 

employees, contractors, stakeholders and the environment. 

All BUs and functions periodically review their HSE 

management systems against the corporate standard and 

are responsible for integrating HSE and sustainability 

issues into day‑to‑day operations, project development and 

decision making. They analyze current status, identify areas 

for potential improvement, and then implement key activities 

to reduce risk and further improve HSE performance. They 

are held accountable through an annual performance 

assessment. 

Objectives and key performance targets are set and tracked 

annually to drive strong, leading HSE performance. Progress 

is tracked and reported to our Executive Leadership Team 

and the Board of Directors. 

Corporate HSE audits manage and maintain a process 

to provide an independent, objective and consistent 

assessment for global company‑wide operations 

conformance with ConocoPhillips HSE policies and 

standards, including ConocoPhillips’ global Health, Safety 

and Environment policy. BUs have additional auditing 

processes to provide an assessment of compliance with 

applicable HSE and legal requirements. Corrective actions 

and status from audits and other risk‑improvement efforts 

are annually reported through a process designed to ensure 

timely resolution and communication through all levels of 

company management. 

45001, ISO 14001 and ISO 9001. In accordance with the 

Read more about our Sustainable Development risk 

corporate standard, each BU implements a BU‑specific HSE 

management process on our website.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022159Safety, Health and SecurityEmergency  
Preparedness

We have a comprehensive tiered response framework to 

efficiently mobilize the appropriate teams in an emergency. 

A Tier 1 response is fully managed at the business unit level. 

If the response exceeds the capabilities of an individual 

The complex nature of our business means we must be 

business unit, the Crisis Management Support Team and 

prepared to respond to a range of possible disruptions such 

Global Incident Management Assist Team (GIMAT) will 

as major accidents, political instability or extreme weather. 

be activated as part of our Tier 2 and Tier 3 response 

Preventing incidents through good project planning, design, 

frameworks. The Crisis Management Support Team provides 

implementation and leadership is our primary objective. 

functional, strategic and/or tactical support to the affected 

However, if a spill or other unplanned event occurs, we have 

business unit during a significant incident or crisis. The 

procedures and processes in place to respond effectively. 

GIMAT is comprised of subject matter experts from across 

We also conduct thorough investigations of all significant 

the company who have undergone extensive emergency 

incidents to understand the root cause, and we share 

response training. In all tiered response scenarios, the Crisis 

lessons learned to prevent future incidents. We report on 

Manager has direct access to the Executive Leadership 

our spill performance annually.

Team to provide situational updates.

Preparedness Policies

Training and Exercise

Our corporate Crisis and Emergency Management Plan 

Each year, we conduct multiple emergency response training 

outlines the framework used to manage our response to 

events and exercises for our global operations in compliance 

significant incidents of all types. A Crisis Communications 

with company standards and local regulatory requirements, 

Functional Support Plan outlines how we will communicate 

including the U.S. Oil Pollution Act. 

with internal and external stakeholders, including emergency 

responders, regulatory agencies and community members, 

should an incident occur. Each business unit maintains 

emergency response plans specific to each asset’s potential 

risks. Response plans are available to all employees, 

contractors and designated suppliers.

Incident response team members review 
spill trajectory maps during a drill to 
better direct mobilization of resources.

Scenario training and exercises provide an opportunity to 

evaluate incident management systems at various levels 

throughout the company. Lessons learned and best practices 

from key exercises are shared within our internal emergency 

response community and with external response partners 

and vendors to further enhance capabilities.

In 2022, one notable example with transferable learnings 

to the wider organization was a joint emergency exercise 

with Equinor in Norway. The drill enabled us to evaluate 

our abilities to work in collaboration with our peer company 

in a simulated event and large‑scale response, work in a 

unified command structure and coordinate the response to a 

hypothetical oil spill event impacting the environment. 

24/7 Monitoring

Our Crisis Management Notification Process is anchored by 

a hotline — staffed 24 hours per day, 7 days per week — that 

allows stakeholders to report emergencies. The number 

is publicly available and is included in product transport 

paperwork. If assistance is required, a ConocoPhillips 

representative will coordinate the activation and/or 

mobilization of corporate resources as necessary. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022160Safety, Health and SecurityOccupational 
Health and  
Industrial Hygiene

The goal of our Occupational Health and Industrial 

Each business unit develops and implements an Exposure 

Assessment Plan that identifies potential chemical and 

nonchemical exposures and implements controls to prevent 

worker or community exposures. Health assessments are 

conducted to ensure that control measures are protecting 

the health of potentially exposed workers. 

Hygiene program is to protect the health of workers and 

Read more about employee benefits and wellness on our 

the neighboring community through the identification, 

website.

evaluation and control of potential workplace exposures. 

Checking the level on an H2S analyzer 
at a facility in the Eagle Ford.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022161Safety, Health and SecuritySecurity and 
Cybersecurity

The security and protection of our people, assets, 

•  Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) 

•  Hazmat Transportation Security requirements  

•  Chemical Facility Anti‑Terrorism Standards 

• 

International Ship and Port Facility Security Code 

information and reputation are cornerstones of our business. 

•  Maritime Transportation Security Act 

While risk can never be eliminated, we continuously strive 

to mitigate it by prudently anticipating, preventing and 

responding to internal and external security threats. 

Security

As an operator of critical infrastructure and facilities in 

challenging locations worldwide, we work closely with 

governmental agencies, nongovernmental organizations, our 

peers and local communities on initiatives to identify, deter, 

prevent and mitigate a range of potential threats to company 

personnel, facilities and operations. We manage our facilities 

•  Maritime Transport and Facilities Security Regulations 

(Australia) 

•  Bureau of Land Management 

•  Other applicable governmental security requirements 

We maintain a “Tier III” status in the Customs‑Trade 

Partnership Against Terrorism program by demonstrating 

effective security that exceeds the minimum program 

criteria. This effort is conducted through our partnership with 

U.S. Customs and Border Protection who assess the overall 

effectiveness of our security processes. 

consistent with national and international security standards 

We remain an active, participating member of the U.S. State 

and regulations including: 

•  U.S. Customs‑Trade Partnership Against Terrorism 

standards

•  Department of Transportation 

Department Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC), 

the Domestic Security Alliance Council (DSAC), Voluntary 

Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) and other 

national and international security organizations. 

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022162Safety, Health and SecurityCybersecurity

delegates certain elements of its oversight function to 

individual committees. The Audit and Finance Committee 

Our business has become increasingly dependent on digital 

(AFC) assists the board in fulfilling its oversight or enterprise 

technologies, some of which are managed by third‑party 

risk management (ERM) regarding the effectiveness of 

service providers whom we rely on to help us collect, host 

information systems and cybersecurity. In addition, the board 

or process information. Among other activities, we rely on 

delegates authority to the AFC to manage the risk oversight 

digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process 

efforts of the various committees. As part of this authority, 

and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and 

the AFC regularly discusses ConocoPhillips’ ERM policies 

drilling information, and communicate with employees and 

and facilitates appropriate 

third parties. As a result, we may face various cybersecurity 

coordination among 

threats including: 

•  Attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control 

of, sensitive information about our operations and our 

employees. 

•  Attempts to render our data or systems (or those of third 

parties with whom we do business) corrupted or unusable.

•  Threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure 

committees to ensure 

that our risk management 

programs are functioning 

properly. 

To help reduce the 

likelihood of cybersecurity 

incidents, employees and 

as well as those of third parties with whom we do 

contractors are required to complete information security 

business. 

•  Attempted cyberterrorism. 

training annually, and we frequently communicate with our 

workforce about best practices to avoid cyberthreats. We 

annually review our security awareness training to ensure 

The Information and Operational Technology Security team 

that it is up to date on current security challenges and the 

is responsible for cybersecurity strategy and planning. 

company’s security objectives.

The team reports to the Chief Digital and Information 

Officer who reports to the Executive Vice President, 

Strategy, Sustainability and Technology. Information 

security requirements for all employees, contractors and 

partners are detailed in the ConocoPhillips Information 

Security & Protection policy, which is approved by senior 

leaders. Our ongoing information security management 

strategy is to align the company’s program with the NIST 

Cybersecurity Framework.

While our management team is responsible for the day‑to‑

day management of risk, the ConocoPhillips Board of 

Directors has broad oversight responsibility for our risk 

management programs. In order to maintain effective 

board oversight across the entire enterprise, the board 

CompletedNot Completed2022 ANNUAL SECURITY TRAINING 94.7%completion rate by employees and contractorsConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022163Safety, Health and SecurityPerformance by Year

1

NET  EQUITY  TOTAL2, 3

METRIC

Climate

2018

2019

2020

2021

20224

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

Net Equity Greenhouse Gas Emissions (thousand tonnes CO2e)
Net Equity GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)5
Target Related Net Equity Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)6

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

16,700

18,300

18,347

40.8

40.2

32.9

32.4

28.9

28.5

305‑4

305‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

OPERATED  TOTAL7

Climate and Air Emissions

GHG INTENSITY

Total GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE) 
Target Related GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)6

GHGs (THOUSAND TONNES)

CO2 from Operations

CO2 from Imported Electricity (Scope 2)

Methane (CO2e) 

Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) 

Total GHGs

CO2e Per Dollars of Revenue (tonnes/$thousand)8

Potential CO2e from Proved Reserves (million tonnes)

SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS BY SOURCE CATEGORY 
(THOUSAND TONNES CO2e)9
Flaring 

Combustion 

Process Venting

Fugitive Venting

Other10

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

34.9

34.4

36.5

35.9

34.3

33.8

26.9

26.6

23.3

22.9

305‑4

305‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

18,000

17,700

13,800

15,900

13,228

305‑1

1,100

1,600

100

1,000

1,700

100

700

1,600

100

1,000

1,800

20

1,060

1,704

21

305‑2

305‑1

305‑1

20,800

20,500

16,200

18,720

16,014

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

0.57

2,173

0.63

2,190

0.86

1,875

0.41

0.20

305‑4

2,525

2,699

EM‑EP 420a.2

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

2,300

1,300

1,900

1,560

15,200

12,300

13,800

11,536

1,500

1,500

1,500

1,407

200

300

200

200

220

300

168

282

305‑1

305‑1

305‑1

305‑1

305‑1

305‑1

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

EM‑EP 110a.2

CCE‑4

EM‑EP 110a.3

CCE‑4

CCE‑4

EM‑EP 110a.1

Total Scope 1 Emissions

19,700

19,500

15,500

17,720

14,954

Percent of Scope 1 Emissions Covered by Regulation

41%

40%

40%

38%

43%

EM‑EP 110a.1

METHANE

Methane Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)11

2.7

3.0

3.4

2.6

2.5

CCE‑5

Methane Emitted as Percent of Natural Gas Production

0.21%

0.24%

0.28%

0.23%

0.29%

CCE‑5

EM‑EP 110a.1

Methane Emitted as Percent of Total Hydrocarbon 
Production

0.08%

0.08%

0.10%

0.07%

0.07%

CCE‑5

EM‑EP 110a.1

Percent of Scope 1 Emissions from Methane

8%

9%

10%

10%

11%

CCE‑5

FLARING

Routine Flaring Volume (million cubic feet)12

n/a

n/a

n/a

1,030

111

Total Flaring Volume (million cubic feet)13

21,200

24,600

14,500

20,500

17,858

305‑1

305‑1

CCE‑7

CCE‑7

EM‑EP 110a.2

Flaring Intensity (Total Flaring Volume as Percent of Gas 
Produced)

Flaring Intensity (Total Flaring Volume MMSCF/Total 
Production MMBOE)

OTHER AIR EMISSIONS (TONNES)

1.79%

2.60%

1.97%

1.81%

2.39%

35.5

43.8

30.8

29.5

25.9

Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs)

69,200

69,900

60,800

96,400

98,508

Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)

Sulfur Oxides (SOx)

Particulate Matter (PM)

36,100

36,100

28,200

42,000

48,528

4,900

1,300

4,700

1,400

2,700

1,100

2,900

1,700

2,701

1,508

305‑7

305‑7

305‑7

305‑7

ENV‑5

EM‑EP 120a.1

ENV‑5

EM‑EP 120a.1

ENV‑5

EM‑EP 120a.1

ENV‑5

EM‑EP 120a.1

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022164Performance by YearOPERATED  TOTAL7  continued

METRIC

2018

2019

2020

2021

20224

Climate and Air Emissions continued

ENERGY USE (TRILLION BTUs)

Combustion Energy

Imported Electricity

Total Energy

Energy Intensity (trillion BTUs/MMBOE)

Environment

WATER

Fresh Water Withdrawn (million cubic meters)

Fresh Water Consumed14 (million cubic meters)

Fresh Water Withdrawn in Regions with High Baseline Water 
Stress15

Fresh Water Consumed in Regions with High Baseline Water 
Stress16

Non‑Fresh Water Withdrawn17 (million cubic meters)

Total Produced Water Recycled or Reused18  
(million cubic meters)

Municipal Wastewater Reused (million cubic meters)

Produced Water Recycled or Reused

Produced Water Injected or Disposed

Produced Water Discharged Offshore

Hydrocarbons in Overboard Discharges (tonnes)

WATER INTENSITY

Unconventional Fresh Water Consumption19 (barrels/BOE EUR)

Conventional Fresh Water Consumption20 (barrels/BOE)

BIODIVERSITY21

Operated Area Overlapping With IUCN Protected Areas22

Number of IUCN Protected Areas Near Operated Assets22

Habitat Areas Protected or Restored by ConocoPhillips 
(thousand acres)23

Habitat Areas Protected or Restored by Supported 
Partnerships (thousand acres)24

Number of Operated Assets with IUCN Red List Species25

LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE 
ENVIRONMENT26

Number of Spills > 100 Barrels 

Spills > 100 Barrels (barrels)

Number of Spills > 1 Barrel

Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels)

Volume Recovered from Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels)

LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS IN THE ARCTIC27

Number of Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel

Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels)

Volume Recovered from Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels)

WASTES (TONNES)28, 29

Hazardous Wastes

Non‑Hazardous Wastes

Recycled Wastes

Total Waste Generated

Waste Disposed

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

211

6

217

199

8

206

302‑1  CCE‑6

0.32

0.30

302‑3  CCE‑6

9.7

7.5

9.2

7.3

303‑3

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1

303‑5

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1

17%

6.3% 303‑3

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1

20%

55.3

80.0

1.3

48%

42%

10%

147

0.08

0.03

2.4% 303‑5

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1

52.6

303‑3

ENV‑1

74.0

1.8

49%

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.2

ENV‑1

ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.2

41% 303‑4

ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2

10% 303‑4

ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2

129

0.06

0.03

ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2

ENV‑1

ENV‑1

217

4

222

0.40

14.4

12.1

8%

8%

51.3

82.3

n/a

66%

22%

12%

145

0.22

0.05

179

4

183

0.39

10.6

8.5

5%

2%

48.7

63.8

n/a

67%

16%

17%

124

0.23

0.05

0.25%

0.24%

0.03%

0.04% 304‑1

ENV‑4

7

316

7

275

8

10

304‑1

ENV‑4

550

409

304‑3

ENV‑4

5,900

12,000

13,400

20,400

304‑3

ENV‑4

15

13

12

12

304‑4

ENV‑4

2

1,100

89

1,800

1,200

1

2

2

1

100

83

600

400

1

2

2

4

734

178

2,194

1,410

3

5

5

2

306‑3

ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2

299

306‑3

ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2

99

306‑3

ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2

861

306‑3

ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2

496

ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2

1

5

5

EM‑EP 160a.2

EM‑EP 160a.2

EM‑EP 160a.2

228

5

233

0.39

18.3

15.7

7%

6%

49.2

78.9

n/a

67%

17%

15%

185

0.28

0.04

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

5

900

94

1,500

800

3

5

5

18,800

21,900

28,200

23,000

78,600

306‑3

ENV‑7

224,600

279,000

159,400

213,200

322,489

306‑3

ENV‑7

120,200

130,400

107,500

191,700

265,508

306‑4

ENV‑7

363,600

431,300

295,100

427,900

666,596

306‑3

ENV‑7

243,400

300,900

187,600

236,200

401,088

306‑3

ENV‑7

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022165Performance by YearOPERATED  TOTAL7  continued

METRIC

Safety

SAFETY (RATE PER 200,000 HOURS WORKED)30

Workforce Fatalities

Workforce Total Recordable Rate

Workforce Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19)

Workforce Lost Workday Rate

Workforce Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19)

Employee Total Recordable Rate

Employee Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19)

Employee Lost Workday Rate 

Employee Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19)

Contractor Total Recordable Rate

Contractor Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19)

Contractor Lost Workday Rate 

Contractor Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19)

PROCESS SAFETY (RATE PER 200,000 HOURS 
WORKED BY OPERATIONS)

2018

2019

2020

2021

20224

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

0

0.17

n/a

0.05

n/a

0.06

n/a

0.03

n/a

0.20

n/a

0.06

n/a

1

0.15

n/a

0.03

n/a

0.05

n/a

0.03

n/a

0.18

n/a

0.03

n/a

0

0.12

0.21

0.04

0.13

0.09

0.20

0.02

0.13

0.13

0.21

0.04

0.12

0

0.15

0.52

0.04

0.41

0.14

0.33

0.05

0.24

0.16

0.57

0.04

0.46

403‑9

403‑9

403‑9

SHS‑3 EM‑EP 320a.1

EM‑EP 320a.1

EM‑EP 320a.1

0

0.14

0.28

0.04

0.18

0.12 403‑9‑a‑iii

0.43 403‑9‑a‑iii

0.06

0.36

0.14 403‑9‑b‑iii

0.25 403‑9‑b‑iii

0.04

0.14

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

SHS‑3

Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate31

0.04

0.03

0.03

0.09

0.05

SHS‑6 EM‑EP 540a.1

Social

ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION

Payments to Vendors and Suppliers ($ billion)32

Shareholder Dividends ($ billion)

Capital Investments ($ billion)

Cash Contributions ($ million) 

GLOBAL WORKFORCE

Employees at Year‑End33

Part‑Time Employees

Employees – Women

All Leadership – Women

Top Leadership – Women

Junior Leadership – Women

Professional – Women

Petrotechnical – Women

Non‑U.S. Employees

All Non‑U.S. Leadership

Non‑U.S. Top Leadership

Non‑U.S. Junior Leadership

Avg. Years of Service

Avg. Years of Experience

Employees by Age Group

Under 30

30–50

51+

8.4

1.4

6.8

9.4

1.5

6.6

7.3

1.8

4.7

7.9

2.4

5.3

33.7

43.9

31.3

33.6

10.9

5.7

10.2

33.9

10,800

10,400

9,700

1.7%

26%

22%

19%

23%

28%

20%

49%

52%

34%

57%

11.3

16.8

9%

60%

31%

1.4%

26%

24%

20%

25%

28%

20%

45%

47%

31%

50%

11.4

17.5

8%

60%

31%

1.0%

27%

23%

19%

24%

29%

20%

41%

44%

25%

49%

11.9

17.9

8%

60%

33%

9,900

0.9%

9,500

0.7%

2‑7‑a

2‑7‑b

26%

25%

22%

25%

29%

20%

39%

41%

24%

44%

11.3

17.5

8%

62%

30%

27% 405‑1‑b‑i

2‑7‑a

2‑7‑a

2‑7‑a

2‑7‑a

2‑7‑a

26%

25%

26%

30%

21%

34%

35%

23%

37%

10.9

17.5

8% 405‑1‑b‑ii

62% 405‑1‑b‑ii

31% 405‑1‑b‑ii

SOC‑13

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022166Performance by YearOPERATED  TOTAL7  continued

METRIC

2018

2019

2020

2021

20224

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

Social continued

U.S. WORKFORCE DEMOGRAPHICS34

Employees – POC35

All Leadership – POC

Top Leadership – POC

Junior Leadership – POC

Professional – POC

Employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement

Veterans

Employees with disabilities

U.S. Employees by race/ethnicity and gender

White Women

White Men

Hispanic Women

Hispanic Men

Asian Women

Asian Men

Black/African American Women

Black/African American Men

American Indian or Alaska Native Women

American Indian or Alaska Native Men

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Women

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Men

Two+ races Women

Two+ races Men

HIRING (GLOBAL UNLESS IDENTIFIED AS U.S.)

University hires

Diversity hiring – Women

U.S. Hiring

Diversity hiring – U.S. POC

U.S. Hiring by race/ethnicity

White

Hispanic

Asian

Black/African American

American Indian or Alaska Native

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two+ races

Undisclosed

External hire acceptance rate

University hire acceptance (U.S.)

Interns acceptance (U.S.)

Conversions from Interns to Hires

Interns – U.S. Minorities

24%

18%

11%

20%

23%

5%

n/a

n/a

24%

19%

13%

21%

24%

4%

6%

n/a

25%

19%

13%

22%

24%

4%

6%

5%

21.4%

54.9%

20.9%

54.6%

21.2%

54.0%

2.6%

7.3%

1.9%

4.6%

1.9%

2.2%

1.0%

1.7%

0.1%

0.1%

0.1%

0.2%

11%

25%

2.5%

7.9%

2.0%

4.7%

1.8%

2.2%

1.0%

1.6%

0.1%

0.1%

0.2%

0.3%

12%

24%

2.6%

7.8%

2.0%

4.7%

1.8%

2.3%

0.9%

1.6%

0.1%

0.2%

0.3%

0.5%

25%

29%

28%

21%

15%

23%

26%

4%

6%

5%

20.0%

51.8%

3.0%

11.7%

1.9%

4.2%

1.6%

2.2%

0.9%

1.3%

0.1%

0.1%

0.4%

0.5%

10%

23%

30% 405‑1‑b‑iii

23% 405‑1‑b‑iii

18% 405‑1‑b‑iii

25% 405‑1‑b‑iii

28% 405‑1‑b‑iii

4%

2‑30‑a

6% 405‑1‑b‑iii

5% 405‑1‑b‑iii

19.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii

49.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii

3.6% 405‑1‑b‑iii

12.0% 405‑1‑b‑iii

2.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii

4.3% 405‑1‑b‑iii

1.7% 405‑1‑b‑iii

2.5% 405‑1‑b‑iii

1.0% 405‑1‑b‑iii

1.4% 405‑1‑b‑iii

0.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii

0.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii

0.5% 405‑1‑b‑iii

0.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

SOC‑5

8%

29%

401‑1

401‑1

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

26%

29%

28%

35%

41%

401‑1

SOC‑15

74.1%

14.8%

4.4%

3.3%

1.9%

0.4%

0.7%

0.4%

78%

87%

75%

33%

69.7%

14.8%

7.8%

3.9%

0.8%

0.4%

2.3%

0.2%

84%

68%

73%

32%

71.7%

10.4%

8.0%

6.0%

2.0%

0.4%

1.6%

0.0%

85%

74%

91%

36%

63.1%

21.9%

5.3%

5.0%

0.8%

0.3%

2.1%

1.6%

81%

76%

82%

38%

59.2%

21.2%

6.8%

7.4%

2.2%

0.5%

2.4%

0.5%

70%

68%

77%

40%

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

SOC‑15

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022167Performance by Year 
OPERATED  TOTAL7  continued

METRIC

2018

2019

2020

2021

20224

GRI

IPIECA

SASB

Social continued

ATTRITION RATE

Total Attrition Rate

Voluntary Attrition

Voluntary Attrition – Women

Voluntary Attrition – Men

Voluntary Attrition – U.S. POC

U.S. Voluntary Attrition by race/ethnicity

White

Hispanic

Asian

Black/African American

American Indian or Alaska Native

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two+ races

Voluntary attrition less than 5 years of tenure

TRAINING, DEVELOPMENT AND PROMOTIONS

Training of Petrotechnical employees  
(Hours of training/empl.)

8.3%

4.2%

4.3%

4.2%

5.1%

5.2%

5.9%

5.1%

3.4%

4.5%

8.8%

0.0%

4.8%

11.2%

4.1%

3.8%

4.1%

3.4%

4.9%

3.3%

3.8%

3.5%

4.1%

0.0%

0.0%

4.3%

5.3%

14.5%

13.1%

3.0%

2.8%

3.1%

2.9%

3.7%

2.2%

4.1%

4.2%

1.4%

0.0%

0.0%

2.5%

5.0%

5.3%

4.9%

4.8%

6.8%

5.2%

2.9%

4.0%

7.8%

6.7%

7.3%

8.4%

5.6%

5.0%

5.9%

5.7%

6.7%

4.7%

6.7%

6.9%

6.5%

0.0%

7.3%

7.6%

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

401‑1

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

SOC‑6

22.9

28.5

27.1

21.5

23.1

404‑2

SOC‑7

DEI Training courses completed by employees

n/a

n/a

Average spent on training per employee (in dollars)

$1,181

$1,277

404‑2

1,872

$948

32%

24%

1,281

$889

33%

26%

1,402

$1,071

34%

30%

33%

25%

31%

27%

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

SOC‑7

75.3%

72.8%

76.5%

74.2%

69.9%

10.7%

16.2%

12.0%

12.4%

5.8%

3.3%

2.6%

0.5%

0.7%

0.0%

23%

7%

7.6%

4.3%

2.0%

0.2%

0.7%

0.0%

9%

24%

9.6%

5.7%

4.1%

2.8%

0.4%

0.9%

0.0%

22%

6%

5.6%

5.2%

2.1%

0.6%

1.3%

0.2%

31%

21%

91%

36%

91%

36%

92%

31%

80%

27%

5.4%

4.1%

2.8%

0.1%

1.5%

0.0%

34%

28%

86%

29% 405‑1‑a‑i

Promoted – Women

Promoted – U.S. POC

U.S. Promoted

White

Hispanic

Asian

Black/African American

American Indian or Alaska Native

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two+ races

Undisclosed

Promoted to Top Leadership – Women

Promoted to Top Leadership – U.S. POC

Governance

BOARD36

Independent Members

Women

Exploration and Production

AVERAGE DAILY NET PRODUCTION37

Crude Oil (MBD)

NGL (MBD)

Bitumen (MBD)

Natural Gas (MMCFD)

Total (MBOED)

Total Operated Production (MMBOE)38

653

102

66

2,774

1,283

597

705

115

60

2,805

1,348

561

568

105

55

2,394

1,127

471

829

142

69

3,162

1,567

694

6,101

898

252

66

3,130

1,738

688

6,599

 EM‑EP 000.A 

 EM‑EP 000.A 

 EM‑EP 000.A 

 EM‑EP 000.A 

 EM‑EP 000.A 

Total Proved Reserves at Year-End (million BOE)

5,263

5,262

4,459

Proved Reserves in Low-Transparency Countries39

4.3%

4.4%

5.1%

3.6%

3.8%

EM-EP 510a.1

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022168Performance by YearNotes

1  Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

2  Based on the equity share approach as defined in “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (WRI).”

3  Baseline net equity emissions intensity data was estimated from the Long-Range Planning process and may be found within the Emissions Reduction Targets and Performance 

section of the Sustainability Report on www.conocophillips.com.

4  Updated in 2022, GHG metrics are reported to the nearest whole number in each unit, except intensity or other metrics expressed as ratios.

5  The denominator uses net production values reported in the ConocoPhillips Annual Report, which represent the company’s equity share of total production.

6  GHG intensity target excludes emissions from exploration and transportation services (i.e., Polar Tankers and Global Aviation), which are not directly related to oil or gas 

production. This may give rise to small differences between the intensity we report for our GHG target purposes and our total greenhouse gas intensity. The company set a 
medium-term target to reduce our gross operated and net equity operational GHG emissions intensity by 50% to 60% by 2030, from a 2016 baseline.

7  Data is based on assets where we have operational control. Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips 
with acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting. To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior 
years as needed.

8  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions divided by sales and other operating revenues. Source: ConocoPhillips Annual Report

9  Includes CO2 from operations, methane (CO2e), Nitrous Oxide (CO2e).

10  Includes marine and aviation support operations.

11  Methane intensity target excludes emissions from exploration and transportation services (i.e., Polar Tankers and Global Aviation), which are not directly related to oil and 

gas production.

12  In 2020, we endorsed the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative. Routine flaring is defined as flaring that occurs during the normal production of oil in the absence 

of sufficient facilities to utilize the gas onsite, dispatch it to a market, or reinject it.

13  Total flaring volume represents total hydrocarbon content flared.

14  Calculated as total fresh water withdrawn minus total fresh water discharged in 2022.

15  Based on World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas water stress mapping layer as of December 31, 2022 and calculated as the percentage of total fresh water withdrawn.

16  Based on World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas water stress mapping layer as of December 31, 2022 and calculated as the percentage of total fresh water consumed.

17  Includes water withdrawn from saline/brackish groundwater aquifers and seawater.

18  Includes produced water recycled for production (e.g., steam generation) or completions (e.g., hydraulic fracturing) and produced water reused for enhanced oil recovery.

19  Calculated using Enverus data for the average volume of fresh water (BBL) divided by the average estimated ultimate recovery (EUR, BOE) as of April 5, 2023. Intensity value 

may change as EUR data are updated.

20 Calculated using the average volume of fresh water (BBL) divided by the average annual production (BOE).

21  Began reporting biodiversity metrics in 2019.

22 Operated lease area overlapping with IUCN I-VI protected areas based on World Database on Protected Areas accessed on December 31, 2022.

23 Cumulative acreage includes impact avoidance, grassland and wetland restoration, habitat conservation, biodiversity offsets and voluntary conservation areas.

24 Cumulative acreage from collaboration with conservation partners to conserve, protect, restore, improve, or benefit habitats over the past two decades.

25 Operated assets with species observed or known to occur based on IUCN Red List of Threatened Species mapping tool accessed on December 31, 2022.

26 The term “environment” refers to the natural environment, including soil, surface water, groundwater, and ice-affected surfaces. 

27 No spills in this section were deemed as to the environment, per local regulatory requirements.

28 Regulatory definitions for hazardous and non-hazardous waste vary between countries and jurisdictions. Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.

29 The variance in waste volumes is due primarily to increased well production and an improved methodology to determine waste quantities and the allocation of hazardous and 

recycled waste in the Canadian Business Unit.

30 Rates are shown including and excluding COVID-19 work-related illnesses experienced in 2020, 2021, and 2022 as defined by OSHA.

31  Rate of process safety events of greater consequence as defined by API 752 and IOGP 456 Standards.

32 Payments to vendors and suppliers is an estimate based on Production and Operating Expenses and Capital Program.

33 Employee headcount based on active employees as of December 31, 2022.

34 U.S. workforce demographics account only for self-reported data.

35 POC: People of Color (includes ethnic/racial groups defined per the U.S. Census).

36 As of December 31, 2022.

37 Production data is average daily net production from continuing operations.

38 Data is normalized using barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) from production operations, including gas plant liquid production of ethane, propane, butane and condensate and 

production from third-party gas not accounted for in production operations. For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.

39 In the 20 lowest-ranked countries per Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index.

Units Of Measure

MBD 

Thousands of Barrels per Day.

MBOED  Thousands of Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day.

MMCFD 

 Millions of Cubic Feet per Day. Represents quantities available for sale  

and excludes gas equivalent of natural gas liquids.

MMBTU  Millions of British Thermal Units.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022169Performance by Year2022 Performance by Country

1

OPERATED  TOTAL2,3

METRIC

U.S.A.

CANADA

NORWAY/UK AUSTRALIA ALL OTHERS4

TOTAL

1,094

2,104

Climate and Air Emissions

GHGs (THOUSAND TONNES)

CO2 from Operations

CO2 from Imported Electricity

Methane (CO2e) 

Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) 

Total GHGs 

Total GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)

Flaring Volume (million cubic feet,  
routine and non‑routine)

OTHER AIR EMISSIONS (TONNES)

Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs)

Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)

Sulfur Oxides (SOx)

Particulate Matter (PM)

ENERGY USE (TRILLION BTUS)

Combustion Energy

Imported Electricity

Total Energy

Environment

WATER

Fresh Water Withdrawn (million cubic meters)

Non‑Fresh Water Withdrawn5  
(million cubic meters)

Produced Water Recycle/Reuse6  
(million cubic meters)

Hydrocarbons in Overboard Discharges 
(tonnes)

LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE 
ENVIRONMENT

Number of Spills > 100 Barrels

Spills > 100 Barrels (barrels)

Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels)

Number of Spills > 1 Barrel

Volume Recovered from Spills > 1 Barrel 
(barrels)

WASTE (TONNES)7

Hazardous Waste

Non‑Hazardous Waste

Recycled Waste

Total Waste Generated

Waste Disposed

6,129

711

1,593

8

8,441

19.0

15,972

94,257

42,846

1,548

1,246

81

6

87

5.4

26.7

49.6

0

1

195

96

749

390

3,217

336

46

7

3,605

56.3

239

535

2,086

930

115

58

2

60

2.1

0.1

24.4

0

1

104

3

112

106

23

197,546

252,483

450,053

197,570

69,791

121,554

5,311

196,656

191,345

14

27

4

1,138

14.2

600

3,533

1,933

120

78

17

<1

17

1.6

25.9

0

129

0

0

0

0

0

8,540

3,115

7,169

18,824

11,655

0

28

2

2,134

25.8

666

77

1,193

15

52

38

0

38

685

<1

10

1

697

43.3

381

106

470

88

16

4

<1

4

<0.1

0.1

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

145

519

668

149

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

241

129

26

396

370

13,228

1,060

1,704

21

16,014

23.3

17,858

98,508

48,528

2,701

1,508

199

8

206

9.2

52.6

74.0

129

2

299

99

861

496

78,600

322,489

265,508

666,596

401,088

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022170Performance by CountryOPERATED  TOTAL2,3  continued

METRIC

Global Workforce8

Employees at Year‑End

Employees – Women

All Leadership – Women

Top Leadership – Women

Junior Leadership – Women

Professional – Women

Petrotechnical – Women 

Avg. Years of Service

Avg. Years of Experience

Employees by Age Group

Under 30

30–50

51+

Production

U.S.A.

CANADA

NORWAY/UK AUSTRALIA ALL OTHERS4

TOTAL

6,240

29%

26%

27%

26%

31%

20%

10.1

16.2

11%

61%

29%

820

26%

26%

20%

27%

31%

20%

9.4

18.7

4%

73%

23%

1,940

21%

23%

19%

24%

27%

25%

14.4

20.8

9%

51%

41%

300

19%

13%

0%

14%

17%

19%

7.9

19.6

5%

68%

27%

230

49%

45%

0%

47%

47%

25%

10.8

18.6

2%

76%

22%

9,500

27%

26%

25%

26%

30%

21%

10.9

17.5

8%

62%

31%

Total Operated Production (MMBOE)9

445

64

80

83

16

688

Notes

1  Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

2  Data is based on assets where we have operational control. Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips with 

acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting. To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior years as needed.

3  Updated in 2022, GHG metrics are reported to the nearest whole number in each unit, except intensity or other metrics expressed as ratios.

4  All Others includes Indonesia and Malaysia.

5  Includes water withdrawn from saline/brackish groundwater aquifers and seawater.

6  Includes produced water recycled for production (e.g., steam generation) or completions (e.g., hydraulic fracturing) and produced water reused for enhanced oil recovery.

7  Regulatory definitions for hazardous and non-hazardous waste vary between countries and jurisdictions. Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.

8  Workforce for All Others includes China, Malaysia and other small operations. 

9  Data is normalized using barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) from production operations, including gas plant liquid production of ethane, propane, butane and condensate and production from 

third-party gas not accounted for in production operations. For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022171Performance by CountryAXPC ESG Metrics Template

1

TOPIC

METRIC

UNITS

2021

2022

ADDITIONAL COMMENTS

Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions

Scope 1 GHG Emissions

metric tons CO2e

5,880,410

 5,740,354 

Scope 1 GHG Intensity
GHG Emissions/Gross Annual 
Production as Reported Under 
Subpart W

Percent of GHG Emissions 
Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment

metric tons  
CO2e/MBOE

13.6

 14.9 

%

21%

23%

Scope 2 GHG Emissions

metric tons CO2e

555,892

708,335 

Scope 1 and 2 Combined GHG 
Intensity
Scope 1 GHG Emissions + Scope 
2 GHG Emissions/Gross Annual 
Production as Reported Under 
Subpart W

metric tons  
CO2e/MBOE

14.9

16.8

Scope 1 Methane Emissions 

metric tons CH4

Scope 1 Methane Intensity
Scope 1 Methane Emissions/Gross 
Annual Production – As Reported 
Under Subpart W 

metric tons  
CH4/MBOE

Percent of Methane Emissions 
Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment

%

Flaring

Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas

MCF

Percentage of Gas Flared Per 
MCF of Gas Produced
Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas/Gross Annual Gas Production

%

62,181

0.14

 59,117

 0.15 

11%

14%

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

Spills

Water Use 

Volume of Gas Flared Per Barrel 
of Oil Equivalent Produced 
Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas/Gross Annual Production

Spill Intensity
Produced Liquids Spilled/Total 
Produced Liquids

MCF/BOE

n/a

n/a

Bbl/Mbbl

n/a

n/a

Bbl/BOE

0.08

0.05

Bbl/Bbl

63%

60%

yes/no

yes

yes

Fresh Water Intensity
Fresh Water Consumed/Gross 
Annual Production

Water Recycle Rate
Recycled Water/Total Water 
Consumed

Does your company use WRI 
Aqueduct, GEMI, Water Risk 
Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, 
or other comparable tool or 
methodology to determine the 
water stressed areas in your 
portfolio?

Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon Spills 
related data as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country. ConocoPhillips is 
aligned with the IPIECA Sustainability 
Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this guidance 
pertains to hydrocarbon spills over 1 
bbl and that is what is reported in our 
performance metrics tables. We do not 
report on other liquid spill media.

BOE expressed as BOE EUR for 
unconventional assets.

1  The basis for the data in the table is defined by AXPC. The GHG data reported is for U.S. operated assets reporting under Subpart W and other metrics corresponding to U.S. operations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022172AXPC ESG Metrics TemplateConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022172AXPC ESG Metrics TemplateAXPC  ESG  METRICS  TEMPLATE  continued

TOPIC

Safety 

METRIC

UNITS

Employee TRIR
# of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Employee Workhours

Contractor TRIR
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Contractor Workhours

Combined TRIR
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Combined Workhours

2021

0.457

2022

0.532

0.416

0.197

0.424

0.247

Supporting
Data

Gross Annual Oil Production

Gross Annual Gas Production

Gross Annual Production

Gross Annual Production

Gross Annual Production – 
As Reported Under Subpart W

Bbl

MCF

BOE

MBOE

MBOE

303,290,000

349,330,000

661,420,000

567,090,000 

412,000,000

443,880,000

412,000

432,458

 443,880 

 384,779 

Total Produced Liquids

MBbl

n/a

n/a

Produced Liquids Spilled

Bbl

n/a

n/a

ADDITIONAL COMMENTS

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon 
Spills related data as reported in 
Performance Metrics by Country. 
ConocoPhillips is aligned with the 
IPIECA Sustainability Reporting 
Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this 
guidance pertains to hydrocarbon 
spills over 1 bbl and that is what 
is reported in our performance 
metrics tables. We do not report 
on other liquid spill media. 

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon 
Spills related data as reported in 
Performance Metrics by Country. 
ConocoPhillips is aligned with the 
IPIECA Sustainability Reporting 
Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this 
guidance pertains to hydrocarbon 
spills over 1 bbl and that is what 
is reported in our performance 
metrics tables. We do not report 
on other liquid spill media. 

Fresh Water Consumed

Recycled Water

Total Water Consumed

Bbl

Bbl

Bbl

Employee OSHA Recordable Cases

# of cases

Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases

# of cases

Combined OSHA Recordable Cases

# of cases

35,360,000

32,124,525 

342,740,000

312,059,370 

546,496,000

523,078,260 

30 (11 excluding 
COVID‑19)

36 (10 excluding 
COVID‑19)

112 (42 excluding 
COVID‑19)

76 (48 excluding 
COVID‑19)

(10 excluding COVID‑19)

(48 excluding COVID-19)

142 (53 
excluding 
COVID‑19)

112 (58 excluding 
COVID‑19)

(58 excluding COVID-19)

Annual Employee Workhours

# of hours

13,119,528

13,545,183 

Annual Contractor Workhours

# of hours

53,789,845

77,147,679 

Methodology

Annual Combined Workhours

# of hours

66,909,373

90,692,862 

Employee workhours based 
on headcount reports from 
HR. Contractor hours based on 
factors applied to spend (by 
activity type).

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022173AXPC ESG Metrics TemplateConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022173AXPC ESG Metrics TemplateAPI Template for GHG Reporting

UNITS

2021

2022

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

17.7

15.3

1.7

1.9

15.0

12.5

1.7

1.5

mmcf

19,615

17,182

IPCC AR GWP: AR4  
Basis: Operated

NO.

INDICATOR

Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) 

Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) – All GHGs

Upstream – All GHGs

Methane (CH4)

Upstream Flaring – All GHGs (subset of  
Direct GHG Emissions – Scope 1)

Volume of Flares

Midstream – All GHGs

Methane (CH4)

Downstream – All GHGs

LNG – All GHGs

Oil and Natural Gas Field Services – All GHGs

Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Energy (Scope 2)

Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Electricity + Heat + 
Steam + Cooling (Scope 2, Market-based)

Upstream – All GHGs

Midstream – All GHGs

Downstream – All GHGs

LNG – All GHGs

Oil and Natural Gas Field Services – All GHGs

GHG Mitigation

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

million metric tons CO2e

GHG Mitigation from CCUS, Credits, and Offsets

million metric tons CO2e

Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS) – All GHGs

million metric tons CO2e

Renewable Energy Credits – (RECs for Indirect Emissions) – 
All GHGs

million metric tons CO2e

3.1.3

Offsets – All GHGs

million metric tons CO2e

Intensity – GHG Emissions

Scope 1 + Scope 2 Upstream GHG Intensity

Scope 1 Upstream Methane Intensity

Scope 1 Upstream Flaring Intensity

kilograms CO2e/BOE

kilograms CO2e/BOE

kilograms CO2e/BOE

Scope 1 + Scope 2 Liquids Pipelines Transmission GHG 
Intensity

million metric tons CO2e/
throughput in barrel‑miles

Scope 1 Natural Gas Pipelines Transmission and Storage 
Methane Intensity

%

Scope 1 + Scope 2 Downstream GHG Intensity

kilograms CO2e/BOE

1. 

1.1

1.1.1

1.1.1.1

1.1.1.2

1.1.1.3

1.1.2

1.1.2.1

1.1.3

1.1.4

1.1.5

2. 

2.1

2.1.1

2.1.2

2.1.3

2.1.4

2.1.5

3. 

3.1

3.1.1

3.1.2

4. 

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

4.8

n/a

n/a

n/a

2.1

0.3

1.03

1.01

n/a

n/a

0

0.02

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

26.70

2.84

3.07

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

2.1

0.3

1.06

1.06

n/a

n/a

0

0.002

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

22.45

2.75

2.52

n/a

n/a

n/a

Scope 1 + Scope 2 LNG GHG Intensity

million metric tons CO2e/mmcf

0.0000044

0.0000045

Additional Intensity Metrics, if applicable (e.g., further 
disaggregated by constituent GHG or by more granular 
business asset, and/or for additional business assets beyond 
these categories)

yes/no

no

no

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022174API Template for GHG ReportingAPI  TEMPLATE  FOR  GHG  REPORTING  continued

NO.

5. 

INDICATOR

UNITS

2021

2022

Indirect GHG Emissions from Consumers' Use of Products (Scope 3)

Attention: Scope 3 emissions from the use of sold products are released when the hydrocarbons produced and marketed by natural gas and oil companies are 
combusted by consumers. GHG emissions from the use of sold products are not within a company’s control, and it should be noted that not 100% of the hydrocarbon 
products produced/refined/sold by the company may be combusted at the end of the product life cycle. Scope 3 emissions lead to extensive multiple counting 
of GHG emissions across the economy. Therefore, it is inaccurate to add together Scope 3 emissions reported by individual companies in order to ascertain 
GHG emissions from consumers’ use of oil and natural gas products. For example, an oil and natural gas company’s Scope 3 emissions represent Scope 1 and/or 
Scope 2 emissions for fuel consumers (e.g., electric utility combusting natural gas, individuals using gasoline, manufacturers purchasing natural gas to power their 
operations). Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context 
of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system. Scope 3 emissions are also not indicative of a company’s strategy to manage potential climate risks and 
opportunities nor of a company’s commercial strategy or viability. 

5.1

6. 

6.1

6.2

6.3

7. 

7.1

7.2

Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  
(Category 11)

Additional Climate-Related Targets and Reporting

GHG Reduction Target(s) 

TCFD-informed reporting

Additional Climate Reporting Resources 

Third-party Verification

Assurance level

Assurance provider

million metric tons CO2e

197.6

207.9

yes/no 

yes/no 

yes

yes

yes

yes

Limited

Limited

ERM

ERM

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022175API Template for GHG Reporting 
  
 
Disclosure, Data Quality  
and Assurance

The accuracy of the information reflected in our 

report is very important to us. ConocoPhillips reports 

our sustainability performance using internationally 

recognized reporting standards and frameworks. The 

2022 Sustainability Report covers data from January 1 

to December 31, 2022. 

Our reporting is in accordance with the GRI Standards and 

references guidance and standards developed by Ipieca, 

TCFD and SASB. ERM CVS has provided independent 

limited assurance of the disclosures and the 2022 data 

for all the metrics in the performance tables. ERM CVS 

assurance activities included reviewing evidence for the 

disclosures in the report, interviewing content owners and 

subject matter experts as required in order to substantiate 

and corroborate the disclosures, and testing the data for 

the performance metrics at both corporate and operational 

levels, via in‑person and virtual reviews with selected 

operations. Read the most recent ERM CVS statement. 

We mapped relevant GRI, Ipieca, UN Global Compact 

Principles, TCFD and SASB disclosures for stakeholder 

convenience and we continue to assess alignment with 

other frameworks. We also consider frameworks that are 

still evolving such as the Taskforce on Nature-related 

Financial Disclosures. We provide information to CDP 

for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index and 

other organizations that assess the ESG performance of 

companies. We engage with MSCI, Sustainalytics and ISS 

E&S QualityScore, all of which rate us based on publicly 

available information. 

The ConocoPhillips Internal Audit group, which reports to 

the Audit and Finance Committee, also provided limited 

assurance of the data included in the report. 

Environmental Metrics

The company’s Environmental Assurance (EA) team 

managed and utilized a global centralized data reporting 

system to collect, review and manage environmental 

metrics. Our environmental metrics undergo robust reviews 

at various stages of the process:

•  Data collection. Annual data is submitted by business 

units (BUs) using a global reporting system. This 

data is generated locally according to our company 

Environmental Metrics Reporting Practice which outlines 

requirements, established standardized methods and 

reporting procedures. 

•  Quality assurance. All submitted metrics are reviewed 

for gaps, trends, variances and anomalies by the 

corporate EA team prior to final approval and external 

assurance. Limited assurance1 is performed by an 

external third party, ERM CVS, on all environmental 

metrics as well as reasonable assurance2 in countries 

with a regulatory requirement to verify reported 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy (where 

relevant), including Australia, Canada and Norway. 

•  Annual quality control assessment. There are three 

phases of data reviews. In the BU, the data was vetted by 

technical peers and leaders. When the final BU data was 

submitted to the central reporting system for corporate 

level review, it contained an explanation for all variances 

greater than 10% from the prior year. The corporate EA 

team reviewed data for completeness and accuracy.

1 According to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, the objective of a limited assurance engagement is to determine whether anything has come to the 

assurance provider’s attention to indicate that the assured subject matter has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant reporting criteria.

2 According to ISAE 3000, reasonable assurance requires the assurance provider to determine whether the assured subject matter is free from material misstatement, thereby expressing an 

opinion that the assured subject matter is presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant reporting criteria.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022176Disclosure, Data Quality and AssuranceAfter this process, the data was presented to company 

leaders via our internal approvals process, who had an 

opportunity to review and challenge the information. Final 

data was submitted for executive‑level approval prior 

to publishing.

To honor our commitment to continuously improve the 

quality of our environmental metrics data, a multi‑functional 

team works with BUs to review our reporting processes. 

To provide the most current and accurate data available, 

we update previously reported data for prior years as 

needed. See our metrics.

Human Capital Metrics

The company’s Human Resources (HR) team utilized a 

centralized data management system known as the HR data 

warehouse to collect and analyze human capital data and 

track performance metrics.

Our human capital metrics are reviewed and validated at 

each stage of our process:

•  Data collection. At the beginning of each month, the 

previous month’s data is compiled and reviewed for trends 

and outliers to ensure quality, completeness and accuracy. 

Working closely with BUs and subject matter experts, data 

inconsistencies and gaps are corrected and completed.

•  Quality assurance. Human capital metrics are then 

validated by two systems and two groups, the Employee 

Data and the HR Analytics teams. The corporate HR 

leadership team reviews and approves the data and 

metrics on a quarterly basis. 

•  Annual quality control assessment. At the beginning of 

each year, we review the collective year‑end data of the 

previous year for completeness and accuracy. After the 

seventh workday following year end, data is locked for all 

external reports and disclosures.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022177Disclosure, Data Quality and AssuranceAbbreviations

Abbreviations

The following terms and abbreviations may be commonly used in this report.

AFC 

Audit and Finance Committee

AFCD 

Americans for Carbon Dividends

API 

American Petroleum Institute

APLNG 

Australia Pacific Liquefied Natural Gas

EIS 

ELT 

EOR 

EPA 

Environmental Impact Statement

Executive Leadership Team

enhanced oil recovery

Environmental Protection Agency

APS 

IEA Announced Pledges Scenario

ERM 

enterprise risk management

AXPC 

American Exploration and Production Council

EU ETS 

European Union Emissions Trading System

BBL 

BCA 

BCF 

barrel

border carbon adjustment

EUR 

EVP 

estimated ultimate recovery

executive vice president

billions of cubic feet

GFANZ 

Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net‑Zero

BCFD 

billions of cubic feet per day 

GHG 

greenhouse gas

Bureau of Land Management

GRI 

Global Reporting Initiative

BLM 

BOE 

BRT 

BU 

CBAM 

CCS 

CLC 

CO2e 

barrel of oil equivalent

Business Roundtable

business unit

 European Union Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism

CCIWG 

Climate Change Issues Working Group

carbon capture and storage

carbon dioxide equivalent

COSIA 

Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance

CPLC 

Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition

DEI 

DJSI 

E&P 

EEOC 

diversity, equity and inclusion

Dow Jones Sustainability Index

exploration and production

 U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission

GWSC 

Global Water Sustainability Center

HCM 

human capital management

HRCC 

 Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee

HSE 

IEA 

IETA 

Health, Safety and Environment

International Energy Agency

International Emissions Trading Association

IPBES 

 Intergovernmental Science‑Policy Platform on 
Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services

IUCN 

International Union for Conservation of Nature

IWG 

issues working group

JV 

LCT 

LNG 

joint venture

Low Carbon Technologies

liquefied natural gas

Climate Leadership Council

IOGP 

International Oil & Gas Producers Association

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022178Abbreviations

LRP 

Long‑Range Plan

SAGD 

steam‑assisted gravity drainage

MACC 

marginal abatement cost curve

SASB 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board

MM 

millions 

SBTN 

Science Based Targets Network

MMBBL  millions of barrels

SD 

sustainable development

MMBOD  millions of barrels per day 

SDGs 

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

MMBOE  millions of barrels of oil equivalent

SDLT 

Sustainable Development Leadership Team

MMBOED  millions of barrels of oil equivalent per day

MMCF 

millions of cubic feet

SEC 

SOR 

Securities and Exchange Commission

steam‑oil ratio

MMCFD  millions of cubic feet per day

SPCC 

spill prevention, control and countermeasure

MMBTU  millions of British thermal units

SPEC 

NAIT 

Northern Alberta Institute of Technology

NGO 

NPC 

nongovernmental organization

National Petroleum Council

NPR-A 

National Petroleum Reserve – Alaska 

NZAC 

Net‑Zero Advisory Council

NZE 

IEA Net Zero Emissions Scenario

NZEC 

Net‑Zero Executive Council

NZLT 

Net‑Zero Leadership Team

OECD 

 Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and 
Development

 Sustainability and Public Policy Executive 
Council

STEPS 

IEA Stated Policies Scenario

SVP 

senior vice president

TCFD 

 Task Force on Climate‑related Financial 
Disclosures

TMT 

Talent Management Team

TNFD 

TRR 

  Taskforce on Nature‑related Financial 
Disclosures

 total recordable rate, also referred to as  
total recordable incident rate (TRIR)

VCIP 

Variable Cash Incentive Program

OGMP 2.0  Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0

VIA 

values and interest assessment

OSRO 

Oil Spill Removal Organization

POC 

People of Color

PPSC 

Public Policy and Sustainability Committee

PSP 

Permian Strategic Partnership

VPSHR 

 Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights

WRI 

WTI 

World Resources Institute

West Texas Intermediate

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022179Recognition

Notable Recognitions  
and Achievements

We have been honored for our sustainable development performance and success.

Awards and 
Recognition

Human Rights Campaign’s 2022 
Corporate Equality Index score of 100, 
making us a “Best Place to Work for 
LGBTQ+ Equality”
United States

Forbes’ World’s Top Female-Friendly 
Companies in 2022
United States

Fortune’s World’s Most Admired 
Companies in 2022 and 2023
Global

Institutional Investor Research
Ranked #2 for Best ESG by combined buy‑side 
and sell‑side in the oil and gas E&P sector

Ratings 

Dow Jones Sustainability Index
One of only three companies in North 
America from the Oil & Gas Upstream and 
Integrated sector

FTSE4Good Index Series
Constituent of the  
2022 FTSE4Good Index Series

MSCI ESG in 2023
“AA” rating

ISS E&S Quality Score
Received a score of “1” on Social and “2” 
on Environmental

Just Capital
Second‑highest rated company from the 
Oil & Gas Industry

We also have a long history of sustainable development leadership: 

•  Founding member of the United States Business Council for Sustainable Development.

•  Founding member of the Climate Leadership Council.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022180CAUTIONARY STATEMENT This report contains forward-looking statements as defined under the federal 
securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to future events, plans and anticipated results of operations, 
business strategies, and other aspects of our operations or operating results. Words and phrases such as 
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” 
“seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” 
“target” and other similar words can be used to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence 
of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. Where, in any forward-looking 
statement, the company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results, such expectation or belief is 
expressed in good faith and believed to be reasonable at the time such forward-looking statement is made. 
However, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties 
and other factors beyond our control. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what 
is expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to 
differ materially from what is presented include changes in commodity prices, including a prolonged decline in 
these prices relative to historical or future expected levels; global and regional changes in the demand, supply, 
prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from any 
ongoing military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the global response to such 
conflict, security threats on facilities and infrastructure, or from a public health crisis or from the imposition 
or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by OPEC and other producing 
countries and the resulting company or third-party actions in response to such changes; insufficient liquidity 
or other factors, such as those listed herein, that could impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and 
pay dividends such that we suspend our share repurchase program and reduce, suspend, or totally eliminate 
dividend payments in the future, whether variable or fixed; changes in expected levels of oil and gas reserves 
or production; potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and 
future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks or unsuccessful exploratory 
activities; unexpected cost increases, inflationary pressures or technical difficulties in constructing, maintaining 
or modifying company facilities; legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing global climate change or other 
environmental concerns; public health crises, including pandemics (such as COVID-19) and epidemics and any 
impacts or related company or government policies or actions; investment in and development of competing or 
alternative energy sources; potential failures or delays in delivering on our current or future low-carbon strategy, 
including our inability to develop new technologies; disruptions or interruptions impacting the transportation 
for our oil and gas production; international monetary conditions and exchange rate fluctuations; changes 
in international trade relationships or governmental policies, including the imposition of price caps, or the 
imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs on any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the 
operation of our business, including any sanctions imposed as a result of any ongoing military conflict, including 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; our ability to collect payments when due, including our ability to collect 
payments from the government of Venezuela or PDVSA; our ability to complete any announced or any future 
dispositions or acquisitions on time, if at all; the possibility that regulatory approvals for any announced or any 
future dispositions or acquisitions will not be received on a timely basis, if at all, or that such approvals may 
require modification to the terms of the transactions or our remaining business; business disruptions following 
any announced or future dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention; 
the ability to deploy net proceeds from our announced or any future dispositions in the manner and timeframe 
we anticipate, if at all; potential liability for remedial actions under existing or future environmental regulations; 
potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, including litigation related directly or indirectly 
to our transaction with Concho Resources Inc.; the impact of competition and consolidation in the oil and gas 
industry; limited access to capital or insurance or significantly higher cost of capital or insurance related to 
illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets or investor sentiment; general domestic 
and international economic and political conditions or developments, including as a result of any ongoing military 
conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; changes in fiscal regime or tax, environmental and 
other laws applicable to our business; and disruptions resulting from accidents, extraordinary weather events, 
civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cybersecurity threats or information technology failures, constraints 
or disruptions; and other economic, business, competitive and/or regulatory factors affecting our business 
generally as set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless legally required, 
ConocoPhillips expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result 
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors – The SEC permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to 
disclose only proved, probable and possible reserves. We may use the term “resource” in this report that the 
SEC’s guidelines prohibit us from including in filings with the SEC. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the 
oil and gas disclosures in our Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the 
SEC and from the ConocoPhillips website.

Explore  
ConocoPhillips

Fact Sheets
Published annually to provide 
detailed operational updates for 
each of the company’s six segments. 
conocophillips.com/factsheets

Annual Report
The ConocoPhillips Annual Report 
and Form 10-K provides details on the 
company’s financial and operating 
performance, a letter from our chairman 
and chief executive officer, and 
additional shareholder information. The 
report is available on our website at 
www.conocophillips.com/annualreport.

Plan for the Net-Zero Energy  
Transition Progress Report
Outlines our approach and progress 
to address risks specific to the energy 
transition. conocophillips.com/reports

Managing Climate-Related  
Risks Report
Published annually to provide details on 
the company’s governance framework, 
risk management approach, strategy, key 
metrics and targets for climate‑related 
issues. conocophillips.com/reports

Human Capital  
Management Report
Published annually to provide details of the 
actions the company is taking to inspire a 
compelling culture, attract and retain great 
people and meet our commitments to all 
stakeholders. conocophillips.com/hcmreport

Upcoming and Past  
Investor Presentations
Provides notice of future presentations 
and archived presentations dating back 
one year, including webcast replays, 
transcripts, slides and other information. 
conocophillips.com/investors

Published July 18, 2023

In 2022, ConocoPhillips entered our second decade as of non fresh water, municipal waste water and reused or an independent exploration and production company recycled produced water.

Parks and Wildlife Department Lone Star Land Steward reinforced the importance of reliable and affordable energy.

Throughout, our sustainable development performance longstanding commitment to land preservation. remains a foundational element of our long term value proposition.

The energy transition will be complex and evolve over and 2 emissions and understand the low carbon energy decades.

Natural gas and oil are projected to remain landscape, including emerging opportunities in carbon essential parts of the energy supply mix across a broad capture and storage and hydrogen.

We’re using the same range of transition scenarios.

An orderly transition is the disciplined investment and capital allocation process we use best way to manage climate related risk, without energy shortages, undue price increases or economic shock.

Triple Mandate to reliably and responsibly deliver oil and gas production to meet energy transition demand while delivering competitive returns, all while achieving our net zero operational GHG emissions ambition.

We strengthened our commitment to our Paris aligned climate risk framework with an updated target for reducing GHG operational emissions intensity and new methane reduction efforts.

Our sustainable development performance remains a foundational element of our long term value proposition. throughout our portfolio to evaluate these low carbon solutions.

Our 2022 sustainability reporting highlights water and biodiversity management efforts, with recognition of nature related risks and impacts.

LNG projects and to jointly supply long term LNG to Germany.

In the U.S., we are working with Sempra Infrastructure to develop large scale LNG along the Gulf Coast.

ConocoPhillips believes regular engagement with key water accounted for only 7% of our total water use across stakeholders is integral to understanding interests, our global operations, with the remaining 93% consisting accelerating performance and supporting effective policy.

Collaborations that demonstrate our commitment include: leads to better business outcomes.

Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative.

E P Net Zero Principles Roundtable, facilitated by Ceres.

Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. emphasis on and are committed to elevating diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). In 2022, we took the important step of hiring a chief diversity officer and, over the course of the year, refreshed our DEI strategy.

Collaboration also plays a key role in addressing the social supporting a reliable and affordable energy future.

As a and community aspects related to our operations and best in class E P company, our actions strive to balance projects.

We seek early and frequent engagement with our the interests of our many stakeholders.

For example, on Alaska’s North Slope, our to meaningful dialogue as we work to continuously improve ongoing work to understand local perspectives and address our environmental and social performance.

This allows community concerns has been crucial for our Willow project us to understand stakeholder priorities and concerns, so and will continue to be a cornerstone of our operations.

Meeting the world’s evolving energy needs requires attracting and retaining a world class workforce and cultivating an inclusive environment where different backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives are throughout the energy transition.

At ConocoPhillips, we are focused on sustainably meeting energy demand, while creating lasting value for employees, communities and shareholders.

We intend to play a valued role in the energy transition by achieving the three objectives of our Triple Mandate meeting transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital, and achieving our net zero operational emissions ambition.

Sustainability is core to ConocoPhillips and is integral to our foundational principles.

Since then, we planning and decision making for decades.

Before our have updated those positions and developed positions on first sustainable development (SD) report was published water, biodiversity, human rights and diversity, equity and in 2005, we had implemented a process to identify and inclusion (DEI).

We also continue to refine our governance manage environmental and social issues and to assess structure to manage sustainability risks and opportunities performance.

That process has evolved over the years as throughout the organization.

By design, our systems the risk and opportunity trends in science, demographics, based approach includes continuous improvement and technology and policy have changed.

Workers at a Zia Hills drill site in the Permian Basin.

Environmental and social performance are key components of our Long Range Planning process.

Committee, the Executive Leadership Team, senior management and internal subject matter experts.

The overarching corporate governance element is addressed in the Investors section of our website.

SD positions and related strategic planning and risk management programs.

Each committee, other than the Executive Committee, convenes at least quarterly.

The Committee on Directors’ Affairs regularly evaluates the size and composition of the board.

They continually assess whether the composition appropriately relates to ConocoPhillips’ strategic needs, which change as the business environment evolves.

This committee also considers background and diversity (including gender, ethnicity, race, national origin and geographic background).

Additionally, they seek to ensure that the board reflects a range of talents, ages, skills, personal attributes and expertise.

Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain is an important feature of our governance structure.

Note: Each layer represents a governance level and the corresponding membership entity support.

Dennis V. Arriola Former Chief Executive Officer, Avangrid, Inc.

Jeffrey A. Joerres Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ManpowerGroup Inc.

Robert A. Niblock Lead Director Former Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Of cer, Lowe’s Companies, Inc.

SD and climate related trends and risks that could affect business activities and performance.

The Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) oversees enterprise risk management (ERM) and cybersecurity.

Health, safety and security (excluding cybersecurity).

Political regulatory risk management and political contributions.

SD is a standing agenda item at PPSC meetings to discuss the SD risk management process, including the implementation of our net zero ambition and Paris aligned emissions reduction targets, and the use of reporting and disclosure frameworks.

Development, facilitates the discussion of this agenda item for the PPSC. In 2022, items discussed included: how enterprise risk is being addressed, mitigated and managed across the company, including SD considerations that influence capital markets, public perception, HSE, operations and drilling, production facilities and political risks within the ERM system.

The Human Resources and Compensation Committee oversees executive compensation and the performance based components of the company’s incentive programs, including ESG metrics, targets and performance, as well as human capital management and diversity, equity and inclusion.

Annual incentive programs promote achievement of strategic milestones and objectives that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining excellence in environmental and social performance.

E P Net zero Principles from Ceres led roundtable. for developing corporate strategy, implementing.

Climate Risk Strategy update recent trends, strategic engagement options and targets.

SD strategic priorities and annual review. sustainability efforts and reporting company performance.

The EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology, also has ultimate responsibility for climate risk management and the implementation of our net zero ambition.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20227Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 20227 including SD and climate related governance, strategic planning, risk management and public reporting.

Members of SPEC were briefed five times in 2022 on priority topics such as climate change, biodiversity, water, human rights and stakeholder engagement.

Reviewing and approving public policy and sustainability policies, positions, strategies, goals and actions on priority matters.

Resources and Compensation Committee of the board when considering executive compensation programs.

In 2022, our compensation program reflected demonstrated progress toward a Paris aligned climate risk framework, including new methane and flaring targets, executing 98 operational emissions reduction projects and advancing business development opportunities for low carbon investments.

Prioritizing resource allocation to external engagement credible ESG ratings, including MSCI, ISS ESG, Bloomberg and initiatives.

Recommending which issues warrant additional executive leadership, full ELT review or additional board engagement.

Reviewing and endorsing agenda and meeting content for the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of the board.

The SPEC is also the governance link to the PPSC, whose oversight covers SD matters including climate and nature related risks.

ConocoPhillips remained best in class among our peers for personnel safety performance in 2022, as employees collaborated to integrate acquired assets into business HSE systems and processes and completed multiple turnarounds without serious incidents.

Another factor in our compensation program was progressing the 2022 elements of our DEI priorities and tactics, including hiring a Chief Diversity Officer.

Management Report, while expanding DEI metrics on our internal dashboards.

The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is comprised of global business unit presidents and functional department heads and is supported by the SD team.

Chaired by the Vice President, Sustainable Development, the SDLT provides consultation for SD focus areas, goals, priorities, action plans and results.

Strategic planning, goal setting, implementation, performance and reporting for climate related risk are reviewed by the SDLT.

Within the Strategy, Sustainability and Technology organization, the SD team supports the business in developing and tracking metrics for annual reporting and forecasting for the Long Range Plan.

Assurance group within HSE to ensure environmental risks are identified and monitored by our business units and metrics are tracked and publicly reported.

Read more about our HSE Management System on our website.

Technologies organization on emissions reduction projects, the pathway for achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions, pilots for newly emerging competitive opportunities, and implementation of the Climate Risk Strategy.

SD team members lead issues working groups (IWGs) for climate change, water, stakeholder engagement and biodiversity across the company.

Leveraging global cross functional expertise from business unit subject matter experts, these quarterly meetings provide a forum to discuss risks, risk mitigation challenges and best practices, and to align on consistent practices.

Supply Chain Sustainability integrating sustainability into day to day operations, project development and decision making.

They assess risks, and develop action plans to mitigate those risks, with IWG.

Working with the Strategy, Planning and Portfolio participation as a resource and support.

Management group, the SD team is also responsible for to management and results are shared with the ELT to informing the ELT and board of risks to, and opportunities ensure accountability.

HSE leadership is responsible for for, our business and integration of sustainability related environmental management at the business level.

Technology, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer. members of the IWGs.

SD, government affairs, low carbon, finance and other functions.

Objectives were convening leading subject matter experts from throughout the company to share knowledge across functions, advancing the SD strategy, and further developing the function.

Low Carbon Technologies, discussing risks, trends and the drivers most impactful to ConocoPhillips, as well as our organizational response.

Diversity and Inclusion activities including executive videos, interviews, internal web broadcasts and social media that reinforce company positions, goals, actions and reporting.

Stakeholder engagement and human rights training is available for all employees and key contractors.

We have also adapted and applied training materials developed by Ipieca, the global oil and gas industry association focused on environmental and social performance, and other best practice groups and made them available to all global employees.

Our governance structure provides board and management oversight of our risk processes and mitigation plans.

Our management system approach to identifying, assessing and managing sustainable development (SD) risks aligns with how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent global identification and assessment of risks.

This system links directly to the enterprise risk management (ERM) process, which includes an annual risk review by executive leadership and the board.

These elements help us manage and mitigate risk, as well as track our SD performance.

Our Risk Management Standard mandates a process for operated assets and projects to assess and manage risks unit (BU) and project.

Local concerns may influence the potential importance of these environmental and social matters, including cumulative effects.

Each risk is then assessed using a matrix that evaluates both its likelihood and consequence.

In evaluating the consequence severity, we consider potential impacts on employee and public safety, sociocultural and economic impacts to stakeholders, environmental impacts, and reputational and financial implications.

The company reviews risks annually and updates the SD Risk Register and associated action plans.

Regular audits are scheduled in each business unit.

Risks that are no longer ranked significant or high due to the effectiveness of mitigation actions, as well as risks that are identified as medium are tracked at the to ensure corporate oversight, assurance and consistent corporate and business unit level.

Read more about our management process for climate, nature, and social risks on our website.

Develop risk register which ranks corporate wide and local risks.

Communicate risks to executives and Board of Directors input to Enterprise Risk Management.

Collaborate on strategies and action plans to manage ranked risks.

The SD Risk Management Standard requires an assessment of potential sustainability risks associated with company activities.

Significant and high risks are documented in a corporate register with mitigation actions identified.

Risks and mitigating actions are assessed at minimum annually by the business units and corporate.

Register and action plans are used to guide goal setting and track performance.

Overarching risk management actions, such as greenhouse gas (GHG) target setting, prioritization of global emissions abatement projects and disclosure and reporting, are managed at the corporate level.

Sustainability risks are integrated into the corporate enterprise risk management (ERM) system.

Risks from the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational and political.

Owners of these enterprise risks, who are ELT members or senior managers, are briefed on the risks and portfolio diversification (both geological and geographical) and technology investments are aspects of the corporate strategy that also address sustainability risk.

For example, a low cost of supply mitigates climate transition risk in lower energy demand scenarios.

Having a geographically diverse portfolio helps mitigate the risk of community or stakeholder concerns delaying a significant portion of our production.

Investing in water treatment technology allows us to recycle produced water and decrease our reliance on local water sources.

Investing in local conservation initiatives allows us to mitigate some nature risks and impacts.

We work with company leadership through our governance structure, enterprise risk management system and energy transition models to ensure our strategy effectively manages SD risks.

Our integrated management system supports our policies and principles and is based on mandatory and auditable corporate standards, practices and guidelines aligned with how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent global identification and assessment of SD risks.

This includes integration into key business planning processes for the company, from business development activities and exploration to developing major capital projects and our mitigation activities.

Enterprise risks are then presented managing our day to day operations.

AFC receives regular updates on how enterprise risk is being addressed, mitigated and managed across the company.

We perform due diligence on acquisitions, divestitures, trades, exchanges and farm in farm out agreements.

This process is designed to ensure that past, present and potential HSE and SD risks and liabilities are clearly identified, understood and documented.

Our long range and strategic planning activities consider global subsidiaries, and we strive to influence all affiliated risks and mitigation.

Our Long Range Plan (LRP) forecasts companies and joint ventures to conduct due diligence key data for our corporate strategy covering our proposed before undertaking binding business transactions.

GHG emissions and water management to understand our future environmental footprint.

Environmental and social risk mitigations, such as emissions reduction projects, are reflected in the LRP and our annual budget.

Cooperation and Development (OECD) nations, some of the world’s most resource rich areas are in countries that pose risks associated with political instability, inadequate rule of law or corruption.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202212Integrating SustainabilityConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202212 of risks.

A preliminary due diligence assessment is conducted and helps ensure that business activities are conducted in a to identify significant risks, including social, environmental safe, healthy and environmentally and socially responsible and political concerns, and define how they will be managed.

As operated and non operated projects are developed and put forward for internal approval, consideration is given to environmental and social risks and their mitigation.

For qualifying projects, our management system also requires assessment of climate, water, biodiversity and social risk for investment approval.

In managing our day to day operations, the HSE illnesses, pollution and damage to assets.

We believe incidents are preventable and that HSE considerations must be embedded into every task and business decision.

We also provide guidance to address specific activities in our operations including waste management.

This standard ensures all our assets have detailed plans to manage waste streams, minimize where possible, and ensure waste is directed to facilities that have been evaluated and approved management system standard addresses operational risk by the company.

Identifies social and environmental risks, conducts risk ranking and develops mitigation action plans.

Applies to corporate, business units (BUs) and their operated assets, associated activities including exploration, development programs, production, decommissioning reclamation and projects, ConocoPhillips and its subsidiaries globally, including all affiliated assets and joint ventures.

Identifies risks and liabilities related to health, safety, environment, regulatory and social issues for transactions requiring due diligence including acquisitions, divestitures, trades, exchanges and farm in farm out agreements.

Identifies and manages operational risks to the business, employees, contractors, stakeholders and environment.

Assesses risks, including SD risks during the project engineering stage.

Applies to all operated capital projects costing more than.

Prepares management plans for waste and produced water, evaluates the suitability of industrial disposal facilities and contracts only with approved facilities.

Outlines the requirements and company expectations for reporting the company’s environmental performance metrics.

Provides guidance on when and how voluntary baseline sampling could be conducted through a risk based approach.

Available for use by operated assets and projects in areas not already covered by state regulated groundwater baseline assessments.

Provides a method to characterize seismicity risks by assessing historical seismicity, identifying geological faults of concern, assessing existing or proposed injection operating conditions and considering proximity to people and population centers.

Available for use by business units for the planning and operation of injection wells for operated assets and for screening third party injection operations.

Provides guidance on application of the World Bank Zero Routine by 2030 Initiative for ConocoPhillips operations.

Unless noted, standards and practices apply to ConocoPhillips and its subsidiaries globally, including all affiliated companies and joint ventures.

Our reputation and integrity depend on each employee, officer, director and those working on our behalf assuming personal responsibility for our business conduct.

We annually require employees to certify they have read the code, made all required disclosures and reported all potential concerns.

With exceptions for certain types of leave, 100% of employees completed this certification in 2022.

We encourage employees and contractors to ask questions corporate reputation, reduces criminal and civil liability, and and seek guidance about compliance and ethics matters, sets the tone for an ethical work environment.

The team and we give them tools to guide ethical decision making.

Employees also understand they have a responsibility and functions who help support and administer our Global to report actual or suspected misconduct.

Aspects of our compliance and ethics program relevant to financial reporting are annually reviewed by the company’s external auditor.

Global compliance and ethics processes are periodically audited by our internal audit function and external compliance experts.

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct several confidential reporting mechanisms.

Employees may speak to a trusted manager, supervisor, human resources representative or Global Compliance and Ethics representative.

The helpline is hosted by a third party to ensure anonymity and is available worldwide via the web or phone in multiple languages.

Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is the foundation retaliation of any kind against employees for raising an of our compliance and ethics program, explaining our ethical or legal concern. responsibilities and providing guidance for behaviors.

It covers a range of topics including business ethics, competition law, anti corruption, gifts and entertainment, conflicts of interest and political involvement.

Global Compliance and Ethics receives questions, concerns and requests for advice from employees and stakeholders across our businesses.

All new employees receive business ethics code training as code.

Remedial and disciplinary actions were taken part of their new hire training curriculum.

Current employees whenever appropriate to support our commitment to ethics.

Depending on the scale and type of concern, issues were time and are periodically required to repeat this training. elevated to provide appropriate management oversight.

Senior management and the Audit and Finance Committee such as corruption, take part in web based training and other of the board were also provided regular updates on our targeted training.

ConocoPhillips’ SPIRIT Values, addresses the compliance controls, insider trading and political activities. and ethics risks in our business, and works effectively.

Through supplier engagement, supplier recognition and to manage and mitigate the sustainable procurement, we continue to improve our business practices and operations to manage risk while increasing total value within the supply chain.

We are environmental and social impacts from activities and operations throughout the committed to upholding our business ethics by supporting supply chain.

Through this business opportunities and capacity building for local and forum, along with ongoing diverse suppliers through our supply chain.

As we integrate sustainable development into our key business activities, suppliers play a significant role.

From constructing our facilities to managing our work camps, engagement, we are seeking to discuss how our suppliers can help us reduce our emissions while working to understand the approach they are taking to address their own emissions.

Net zero operational GHG emissions ambition and our manage their impact on the environment and community.

Triple Mandate. is important to us and affects our overall sustainability performance.

Scope 3 Supplier Emissions Strategy. and supplier audits to:.

Identify sustainable development opportunities and risks in the supply chains of critical categories.

Standardize Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to ensure.

Track metrics, review performance and identify continuous improvement opportunities.

Share best practices for building supplier capacity throughout the supply chain.

An important element of our ongoing engagement with key suppliers is our annual Supplier Sustainability Forum.

In 2022, we hosted a hybrid virtual and in person forum to accommodate a diverse cross section of our key suppliers.

Strait Islander Peoples, businesses and organizations.

Read more about collaboration to benefit nature and communities.

Mitigating supplier risk is critical to support our operations through sustainable procurement.

Driven by supplier stability concerns, we regularly monitor the financial health of suppliers.

Additionally, supply chain leaders meet quarterly to proactively assess risk for over 150 business critical suppliers and review status changes from the previous quarter.

This process helps deliver on an important goal continuity of global operations through avoidance of supply or service interruptions.

The company’s annual Supplier Recognition Awards honor suppliers who positively impact our business, including a category focused on sustainability related activities.

Final awards ranged from delivery of safe and reliable shutdown logistics to support of a winterization flare reduction project.

Winners are: lingering effects of the COVID 19 pandemic.

Atlas Energy Solutions, Inc. events, we also conducted comprehensive contract risk.

Bay Ltd classification assessments to quantify inherent risks and establish mitigation strategies prior to contract award.

This process has been used across our Supply Chain organization.

Compass Well Services LLC sustainability performance.

Halliburton AS and processes to account for matters related to human rights and working conditions, as addressed in the Norway.

LV Energy Services LTD network to ensure consistency in how we approach our supplier community regarding the topic as well as having such network verify whether how our suppliers address.

NeoInsulation, LLC sustainability performance internally and with their.

The supply chain function contributes to the company’s sustainable development commitments by integrating sustainability into our processes and procedures.

For example, in 2022 we added a global supplier due diligence minimum vetting protocol for supplier onboarding, which includes supplier capability, ownership, financial health, integrity, labor and human rights assessments, where appropriate.

Further integrating engagement on labor and human rights into our procurement processes and procedures includes recommended questions and contract language for supplier prequalifications, bids and audits.

Business Ethics and Conduct and our Supplier Expectations.

Business Ethics and Conduct (COBE) and their own ethics and conduct policies.

Conduct: Expectations of Suppliers was updated in 2022 to align with updates to our COBE, specific to prevention of money laundering, complying with international trade laws, preserving data privacy and advancing respect for human rights.

Suppliers must comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and conduct business with respect and care for the environment, including utilizing energy and natural resources efficiently and managing waste, emissions and discharges responsibly.

We conduct our business consistently with the human rights philosophy expressed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and expect suppliers and contractors working on our behalf to be guided by these principles.

Contracts require that suppliers be guided in their performance for ConocoPhillips by the principles and standards set forth in the ConocoPhillips Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and their own ethics and conduct policies.

ConocoPhillips prohibits any form of money laundering and follows all domestic and international laws governing money laundering.

ConocoPhillips strives to prevent money laundering through procurement policies, vetting, due diligence and payment processes.

We place a high priority on purchasing goods and services or veteran owned, small business enterprises, or global, locally and are committed to giving local contractors and local and Indigenous suppliers around the world.

U.S., we do business with diverse companies and continue operating requirements, generally through a competitive to provide access to business opportunities through our bidding process.

This approach attracts qualified suppliers and promote local hiring as appropriate to meet suppliers, stimulates local economic development, and business needs.

Read more about how we are creating creates long lasting social and economic benefits in our shared value in communities on our website.

Through our Supplier Diversity program, we actively participate in certifying and developing diverse, small and local businesses in the United States.

Supplier Diversity program by assembling an advisory council comprised of seven senior company leaders who are actively engaged in building and enhancing our strategy in this space.

ConocoPhillips also supported the HMSDC, American Petroleum Institute and Blue Wave launch of a business training program for minority owned businesses to better position them to compete in our industry.

The program was a 6 month course which included health and safety, cybersecurity, quality, corporate policies, technical capabilities, finance and sustainability.

Business unit, asset or project plans include support for local employment.

Social investment initiatives support the strengthening of local capacity to respond to employment needs.

Business unit, asset or project plans include support for local procurement and provide opportunities for local contractors and suppliers, and investment in supplier capacity building as appropriate.

Certain business units support local business development initiatives or incubators.

Where appropriate, social investment initiatives support strengthening of local business development.

Our stakeholders represent a diversity of communities and organizations.

Active stakeholder engagement and dialogue are an integral provide gives us a greater understanding of concerns and part of our sustainability commitment.

This engagement is a expectations, as well as opportunities to create lasting value.

We engage with our stakeholders in a range of ways as develop fit for purpose solutions to assess and address we work to improve our performance.

The table below and stakeholder priorities at all stages of operations.

Alignment with climate risk, safety, innovation and sustainable development expectations.

Annual performance trade association representation.

To provide stakeholders with timely information, we use digital updates to provide performance examples and updates as they occur.

These updates and our performance metrics are integrated into the foundational information on our website and consolidated into our sustainability hub.

We also recognize that many stakeholders like to track year by year reporting.

Consolidated performance information and metrics can be found in the annual reports available in our company website’s Reports and Resources section.

Stakeholders can also create customized reports, based on topics of interest, using our report builder.

We are continuously evolving and refreshing our perspective on sustainability reporting by considering the most pressing issues affecting our external and internal stakeholders, the global community and our industry.

ESG focused nonprofit organizations, as well as community members, leaders, policy makers and regulators in the areas where we operate.

Through meetings, correspondence and a review of publicly available materials, we gather opinions and input from key external stakeholders to further identify issues and potential impacts.

Based upon this collaborative approach, we regularly review a list of potentially important issues across a range of topics from governance to safety to impacts on the environment and society.

We also review the priority issues as publicly reported by industry peers to ensure alignment with identified industry issues.

In 2022, we conducted a priority issues assessment to help identify and prioritize the reporting topics about our business as it relates to ESG.

Participants included subject matter experts from nearly 20 of our key functions within the company who provided further insight and prioritized topics based on level of interest or concern to key stakeholders and strategic importance to the company.

This process helped determine the significance of 20 sustainability topics.

ESG issues covered in this report reflect discussions with subject matter experts from across our company, findings from primary and secondary research, the feedback we received, and insights we gained through our ongoing engagement with stakeholders.

In this year’s report, we focused our disclosure on topics most important to stakeholders, including climate, nature, community engagement and human capital management.

We report our sustainability performance using internationally recognized reporting standards and frameworks.

Additionally, through our annual risk assessment process, and Template.

We provide regular information to CDP our operations.

Local concerns may influence the potential for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) importance of these environmental and social matters, and other organizations that assess the ESG performance including cumulative effects.

We engage with MSCI, Sustainalytics and ISS matrix that evaluates both its likelihood and consequence.

In evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential available information.

We have mapped relevant TCFD, SASB, impacts to stakeholders and the company.

Ipieca, GRI and UN Global Compact Principles disclosures discussions with key internal functions, including subject for stakeholder convenience, and we continue to assess matter experts from issues working groups (IWGs), provide alignment with other emerging frameworks. further input and prioritization of the topic list.

The minimum boundary for reporting on social and to December 31, 2022.

Notes to our metrics outline environmental priorities is the assets we operate.

Read about our Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance on our website.

Identifying the financial risk of stranded reserves and infrastructure.

Capability to assess and advance low carbon business opportunities that are consistent with shareholder interests.

Adhering to applicable laws and the highest ethical standards.

Promoting transparency to reduce corruption, improve government accountability and foster economic stability.

Having a comprehensive governance framework, including oversight from the Board of Directors, in place to manage SD risks and opportunities.

Considering legislation and regulation related to climate change and a transition to a lower carbon economy.

Reducing the amount of energy required to find and produce natural gas and oil.

Reducing GHGs emitted during natural gas and oil production and developing a directional roadmap to meet net zero ambition for operational emissions.

Reducing methane emitted during natural gas and oil production.

Mitigating impacts from activities and operations on threatened or at risk species or habitats.

Managing discharge, disposal and or recycling of produced water for offshore and onshore operations including potential impacts to receiving environments and seismicity.

Securing sustainable and economic water sources for exploration, drilling, completions or production.

Assessing risks related to environment, including GHGs, biodiversity and water.

Respectfully engaging with local stakeholders and Indigenous Peoples to understand their interests, concerns and culture, seeking solutions that create mutually beneficial relationships and integrating those into planning and decision making.

Investing in communities to support giving categories including education, natural resources, health and safety, arts, civic and social services, and disaster relief.

Implementing human rights policies and practices that promote respect for civil, cultural, economic, political and social rights, consistent with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

Creating economic stimulus in the communities where we operate through job creation and socioeconomic development initiatives.

Creating and maintaining a safe and healthy workplace that is free of injuries, fatalities and illness.

Attracting and retaining talent, offering training and development for workers to build capability and career opportunities while promoting diversity, equity and inclusion.

Assessing risks related to due diligence and respect for human rights.

Other aspects of governance are fully addressed in our Annual Report and Proxy Statement.

In a world aiming for net zero emissions, we have a framework that consists of the governance, strategic capability, risk management processes and disclosure to demonstrate resilience across a range of transition scenarios.

Our current Climate Risk Strategy and actions for our oil and gas operations are aligned with the aims of the Paris Agreement while being responsive to shareholder interests for long term value and competitive returns.

Published a progress report on our Plan for the Net Zero.

Energy Transition to describe key milestones achieved emissions reductions and low carbon opportunities. throughout 2022 as we advance our efforts to manage through the energy transition and address the associated risks and opportunities.

Developed a new net zero scenario modeling the collective global government and societal actions that would be required to align with limiting warming to.

Strengthening our previously announced operational.

GHG emissions intensity reduction target to 50 60% by 2030 on both a gross operated and net equity basis from a 2016 baseline.

Achieving near zero methane emissions intensity by.

Joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0.

Initiative, a globally recognized initiative for methane emissions measurement and reporting.

Compared to 2021, reduced our operational GHG emissions on both an intensity and absolute basis by 14%.

Reduced both our methane intensity and flaring intensity.

Supplier Emissions Strategy to address climate related risks in our supply chain.

Demonstrated active advocacy for an economy wide U.S. carbon price that would directly address consumer demand for energy and end use (Scope 3) emissions.

Supported policy advocacy beyond carbon pricing to include other end use emissions policy and.

Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, regulatory action. five years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s.

Advanced several energy transition and low carbon goal of 2030. technologies efforts, including LNG and potential CCS and hydrogen projects.

Our comprehensive climate related risk governance framework extends from the Board of Directors through executive and senior management to the working levels in each of our business units (BUs).

The board delegates certain elements of climate oversight on climate change and related strategic planning and risk functions to one or more of the five standing committees: management policies and procedures, including those for managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Each committee, other than the Executive Committee, is made up of independent directors and convenes at least quarterly.

Issues considered by the committees are, as appropriate, regularly reported to the full board.

New electric compression packages were recently added to the Delaware West Central Facility 3 in the Permian Basin.

Actions from the PPSC are reported to the full board at the risk management (ERM).

The AFC facilitates appropriate next board meeting on a quarterly basis.

The AFC receives annual updates on how, through the ERM system, we address, mitigate and manage enterprise risk, including climate related considerations that influence market, reputational, operational and political risks.

The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) is responsible for identifying, evaluating and monitoring climate related trends and risks that could affect business activities and performance.

Development and implementation of strategies for climate risk, the energy transition, supplier emissions, financial sector engagement and low carbon technologies.

Other board committees also address climate related issues.

The Human Resources and Compensation Committee reviews executive compensation and performance based components, including sustainability performance.

Annual incentive programs promote responsibility for sustainability progress throughout all levels of the organization as well as achievement of strategic milestones and objectives that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining excellence in environmental and social performance.

Read more about the skills and qualifications of our board members.

Reviewing and approving GHG pricing forecasts for inclusion in our Long Range Planning and project authorization reviews.

Reporting and disclosure efforts including SD report issue.

Incentive Plan milestones. prioritization, framework mapping, integrated reporting, low carbon technology communications and elevated assurance process updates.

Review of our feedback to the E P Net Zero Principles created by the Ceres Investor Network led Roundtable.

Review of ESG trends in the financial sector and climate related shareholder resolutions.

Review of SD achievements in 2022 and priorities for 2023.

Reviewing the GHG emissions Long Range Plan and peer analysis.

Approving plans for advancing low carbon technologies and transition opportunities.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202224Climate and the implementation of our net zero ambition.

SVP, Government Affairs is responsible for government engagement and advocacy on climate related public policy.

Team, leads global oversight of existing and emerging sustainable development and public policy risks including climate change.

Members of SPEC met five times during the year for detailed briefing and discussion on emerging climate related issues, strategic priorities and the Climate Risk Strategy.

SD report highlights, reporting landscape overview and assurance process updates.

Our external collaboration with the Ceres Investor.

Network led E P Net Zero Principles Roundtable and our financial sector engagement strategy.

Review of climate related shareholder resolutions and proposed revisions to ESG milestones within the Variable.

Net zero governance process and review of SD priorities for 2023.

Climate related risks are communicated and integrated into strategy through the SD risk management process and ERM system.

SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant enterprise risks.

Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain is an important feature of our governance structure.

Subject Matter Experts senior managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation activities.

Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit and Finance Committee of the board.

The climate related risk category is managed by the SD team the EVP, Strategy,.

Sustainability and Technology and SVP, Government Affairs are jointly accountable for this risk.

Note: Each layer represents a governance level and the corresponding membership entity support.

The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is net zero operational emissions ambition.

The individual SD and LCT governance processes are each fit for business governance structures established to drive oversight and accountability.

In 2022, we established a governance structure and decision department heads supported by the SD team.

Chaired by the framework to operationalize and achieve our net zero vice president, Sustainable Development, the SDLT consults operational emissions ambition through business planning, on and facilitates alignment on SD strategic priorities, goals, collaboration, project execution, technology advancement action plans and results throughout the company.

The SD team is responsible for advising the ELT and board on long term climate related risks and opportunities for our business and ensuring that these issues are integrated appropriately into strategic decisions.

Technology, who reports to the chief executive officer.

Development governance structure and decision framework.

Leadership Team (NZLT) will provide the direction and decision making necessary to properly resource and execute actions to achieve our net zero ambition.

Our executives’ engagement and ownership of these efforts will drive accountability and action across the company.

NZEC provides oversight and direction on enterprise wide strategies, policies and progress toward achieving our net zero operational emissions ambition and interim emissions reduction targets.

With coordinated membership and timing, NZEC and SPEC meet regularly to align net zero objectives with our Climate Risk Strategy and external commitments.

Setting strategic priorities relating to emissions and consistency.

The groups collaborate to ensure that reductions efforts, including goal setting, pace of the requisite climate risk tools, processes and procedures execution and progress.

The SD team also works with the Low Carbon Technologies (LCT) organization on cross functional efforts to achieve our.

Technologies to: emissions ambition in our BUs and provides functional support and subject matter expertise.

BU level target setting, ensuring alignment with corporate targets.

Establish goals aligned with BU emissions reduction programs, corporate targets and strategy.

Provide input to MACC process for clarity and observability to potential pathways to net zero by 2050.

Work with internal teams to address and articulate potential capital and resource requirements for meeting our operational net zero ambition.

Engage with internal stakeholders to ensure emissions reduction strategies are embedded into our core.

Drive accountability, alignment, focus and action for.

Champion BU strategy and endorse potential BU roadmaps.

Drive alignment and set consistent messaging across the organization.

Ensure we have the right tools and process to plan, execute and track our emissions reductions efforts within a flexible framework responsive to shifts in regulations and technology.

Each ConocoPhillips business unit is responsible for identifying and monitoring near and medium term climate related risks and opportunities and integrating sustainability issues, as appropriate, into day to day operations, project development and decision making.

Plan to mitigate risks and a GHG emissions intensity target they report progress to the ELT.

Group (CCIWG), an internal, global, cross functional group for knowledge sharing among business units and functions.

Internal activities to address climate related risks and opportunities, including energy efficiency and operational emissions reduction projects.

Developments in operational emissions reduction technology.

The outlook for GHG prices that might impact our operations.

The objective of the CCIWG is to share key climate related risk learnings across the company, identify issues and work to resolve them as they arise.

The CCIWG also provides input from subject matter experts on climate related processes, procedures and issues prior to review by the SDLT.

Climate related performance is considered in our annual short term Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP) that applies to all employees.

In 2022, this performance was considered within our Strategic and ESG Milestones where we demonstrated progress toward our Paris aligned climate risk framework by establishing new methane and flaring targets, executing more than 90 operational emissions reduction projects and advancing business development opportunities for low carbon investments.

Resources and Compensation Committee to ensure our emissions reduction and climate related goals continue to be reflected in our employee and executive compensation programs.

Legislative and regulatory actions and related activities.

GHG emissions intensity aligned with our 2030 target and positions of trade associations. trajectory range.

Read more about how sustainability performance is a component of executive compensation.

Change Action Plan are used to identify risks, guide goal setting and track performance.

Line of sight goals for business units and key functions are shown as specific action items within the action plan.

Develop risk register which ranks corporate wide and local risks.

Communicate risks to executives and Board of Directors input to Enterprise Risk Management.

Collaborate on strategies and action plans to manage ranked risks.

An important component of our Climate Risk Strategy is the such as government policies.

The continually evolving energy landscape requires a strategy that will remain robust across a range of potential future outcomes.

The plan shows how we intend to play a valued role in the energy transition by executing on our Triple Mandate: reliably and responsibly meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and achieving our net zero operational targets a long term ambition that sets the direction and aim of the strategy, medium term performance targets emissions ambition.

First, meeting transition pathway energy demand requires and near term targets for flaring and methane intensity a focus on delivering production that will best compete in reductions that guide implementation of our strategy.

GHG intensity, as well as diversity by market and asset type.

Technology choices: We continue to enhance our emissions reduction programs in our current operations, while also evaluating new opportunities and technologies that can closely integrate with our global operations, markets and competencies.

Portfolio choices: We have integrated climate related risk into our portfolio decision making through consideration of carbon pricing and focusing on low cost of supply, low.

External engagement: Our stakeholders’ points of view inform the evolution of our climate related frameworks, actions and public policy.

Progress in these four pillars is demonstrated throughout the following sections.

Across the pillars, our strategy takes into consideration transition demand, results from scenario planning, near , medium , and long term risks and ways to address impacts from those risks.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a net equity and gross operated basis.

MEET TRANSITIONPATHWAY DEMANDDELIVER COMPETITIVE RETURNSConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202230Climate production toward one focused on returns.

Finally, to drive importance of limiting global average temperature increases.

ConocoPhillips is applying its strategic capabilities and we are progressing toward achieving our net zero Scope 1 resources to meet this challenge in an economically viable, and 2 emissions ambition.

Build a resilient asset portfolio with a focus on low cost of supply and low GHG intensity to meet transition pathway energy demand.

Commit to capital discipline through use of a fully burdened cost of supply, including cost of carbon, as the primary basis for capital allocation.

Track the energy transition through a comprehensive scenario planning process to calibrate and understand alternative energy transition pathways and test the resilience of our corporate strategy to climate risk.

Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions: accountable and actionable way that balances the interests of our stakeholders.

Our goal is to support an orderly transition that matches supply to demand and focuses on returns on and of capital while safely and responsibly delivering affordable energy.

Our plan does not include a Scope 3 (end use) emissions target.

We recognize that end use emissions must be reduced to meet global climate objectives.

However, it is our view that supply side constraints through Scope 3 targets for North American and European upstream oil and gas producers would be counterproductive to climate goals.

In the absence of policy measures that address global demand and with the shape and pace of technology and policy yet to be determined, Scope 3 targets would shift production to other global operators, potentially eroding energy security and affordability.

Set targets for emissions over which we have ownership.

Advocate for a well designed, economy wide price on carbon and engage in development of other policy and legislation to address end use emissions.

Work with our suppliers for alignment on GHG emissions reductions. play in an orderly energy transition.

Since first publishing the plan, we have continued to focus on implementing our Climate Risk Strategy and advancing the plan’s objectives.

Our commitment to these efforts is demonstrated by our achievements made to date many of which have been completed ahead of schedule.

Evaluate potential investments in emerging energy transition and low carbon technologies.

Through our ongoing consideration of transition scenarios, the strategic planning process and stakeholder engagement, we expect the plan to continue evolving as the energy transition progresses over time.

The following table shows our progress on key milestones since the plan’s first strengthen the response to climate change is a worldwide publication.

The resulting energy strategy to remain resilient under any scenario.

Reflecting transition will be complex, with many possible pathways the recommended TCFD report structure, the following and uncertainties more likely an evolution than a components of the plan are linked and detailed elsewhere in near term step change.

Developed a new net zero scenario modeling the collective global government and societal actions that would be required to align with limiting warming to 1.5 degrees.

Assets with less than 10 kg CO2e BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of our portfolio by 2030.

Achieved near term 10% methane intensity reduction target four years early.

Set new target to achieve near zero methane intensity by 2030 (1.5 kg CO2e BOE or approximately 0.15% of natural gas produced).

Joined OGMP 2.0 and Veritas initiatives to improve methane measurement and reporting transparency.

On schedule to meet the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring goal by 2025.

In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% from 2021.

Strengthened GHG intensity reduction target to 50 60% by 2030 from a 2016 baseline for both gross operated and net equity emissions.

Achieved 41% gross operated and 36% net equity GHG intensity reductions by year end 2022 from 2016.

Spent approximately 150 million on Scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions and low carbon opportunities in 2022.

Participated in a Ceres led Roundtable to discuss solutions for reaching net zero emissions with cross sector participation from the financial sector and exploration and production (E P) oil and gas companies.

Tasked each global business unit with developing potential options to achieve our operational net zero ambition.

Expanded third party limited assurance to all sustainability disclosures in this Sustainability Report.

Began chairing a National Petroleum Council study on GHG emissions reduction across the U.S. natural gas value chain.

Began evaluating diversified investments in offset projects and funds, such as Climate Asset Management’s.

Nature Based Carbon fund which has supported the Restore Africa Programme.

Supporting offset projects in Mexico aimed at improved forest management for future offset issuance.

Expanded policy advocacy beyond carbon pricing to include end use emissions policy and regulatory action such as direct federal regulation of methane, supporting alternative transportation and power generation, and national policy recommendations on natural gas across the value chain.

Continued support of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC) and Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD) to advance carbon pricing in the U.S. as the most effective and predictable policy action to reduce GHG emissions across the economy.

Worked closely with members of the Business Roundtable (BRT) and the American Petroleum Institute (API) to engage with the Voluntary Carbon Markets Initiative.

Working with World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) as a private sector partner to share and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing.

Incorporated Scope 3 supplier emissions into targeted supplier evaluations.

Held annual ConocoPhillips Supplier Sustainability Forum to share key sustainability messages and best practices.

Began building a governance framework for supplier sustainability.

Collaborating with industry groups and third party partners to align on collection, reporting and supplier engagement for supplier emissions.

Purchased an additional 10% shareholding interest in Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) in 2022 and in 2023 announced plans to acquire up to an additional 2.49% shareholding interest.

In the first quarter of 2023, purchased an equity interest in new large scale LNG facility with Sempra Infrastructure and secured 5 MTPA of offtake.

Signed agreements to supply long term LNG to Germany in partnership with QatarEnergy.

Continued evaluation of potential opportunities to develop carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs along the.

Joined Canada’s Oil Sands Pathways Alliance working toward net zero by 2050 through CCS.

Established strategic technology partnership with a chemistry innovator to advance CCS process capability for deployment in company projects.

Evaluating the development of blue and green ammonia as a low carbon power generation fuel from the U.S. Gulf Coast with Japanese energy company JERA.

Invested in a venture with Canadian energy technology company Ekona Power to develop hydrogen production technology through methane pyrolysis.

As we navigate an uncharted energy transition in coming years and decades, the plan will evolve in the same way it has developed: through experienced professionals, well practiced processes, meaningful action, ongoing in energy transition opportunities, while also fulfilling our commitment to create long term value for our stakeholders.

We intend to report on continued implementation of our plan and provide periodic updates on our website.

We will continue to actively collaborate with peers, industry experts and financial sector stakeholders to better understand these drivers and learn from best practices.

We are also actively engaged throughout the entire organization including our Board of Directors, Executive Leadership Team and operations teams for successful strategy alignment and implementation.

Our Triple Mandate will drive continued focus and accountability for both returns and resilience, allowing us to play a valued, meaningful role in a managed and orderly energy transition.

The updates in this report reflect our commitment to reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions, addressing end use emissions (Scope 3) in our supply chain and through policy advocacy, and developing business opportunities in LNG, CCS and hydrogen.

Planning for the energy transition requires a variety of sectors to collaborate and work together to drive change.

Our emphasis on these activities is in uenced by ongoing engagement with our stakeholders.

We acknowledge the findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that GHG emissions from the use of fossil fuels contribute to increases in global temperatures.

We also recognize the importance that current science places on limiting global average temperature increases to below 2 degrees Celsius compared to pre industrial times, and to achieve that, current science shows that global GHG emissions need to reach net zero in the second half of this century.

We support the Paris Agreement as a welcomed global policy response to that challenge.

We have had a public global climate change position since 2003.

The position is reviewed periodically, agreed to by the Executive Leadership Team and then recommended to the board.

Energy Agency (IEA) 2022 World Energy Outlook that illustrate future demand and track the Paris Agreement goal of reducing global GHG emissions to limit the global temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius while pursuing efforts to limit warming to 1.5 degrees.

Announced Pledges: Total energy demand increases by just over 1%.

Net Zero Emissions: Total energy demand declines by more than 14%.

Pledges scenario but declines in the Net Zero Emissions scenario.

Demand for natural gas and oil has different outcomes across the IEA scenarios.

Source: OECD IEA 2022 World Energy Outlook, IEA Publishing.

Note: EJ converted to MMBOE at 173.727 per EJ. remains at 19 MMBOD and natural gas at 20 MMBOED and, despite a reallocation of capital to renewables, significant investment in upstream natural gas and oil is still required.

Improving energy efficiency of power generation, transportation and industrial processes.

The APS requires achieving all major national emissions reduction targets made by governments around the world, as well as meeting all country level targets in full for access to energy electricity.

This includes supporting policies that could reduce the need for coal fired capacity or even halt new coal investment through cost effective, low emissions electricity deployment.

Even with these changes and requirements, APS will still require flexibility to use existing infrastructure while new options are being developed to replicate natural gas services.

Such flexibility requirements in the power sector may be met with low carbon hydrogen and hydrogen based fuels.

Reducing emissions from fossil fuels or capturing and a smaller number of low cost, responsible producers. storing or utilizing those emissions.

Increasing clean energy electricity, innovation and infrastructure components have long asset lives and require investment. cross sector, system wide changes and retrofits to meet new specifications.

The assumptions used in the scenario are challenging.

Reducing energy demand by almost 14% from 2021 levels would require reverting energy demand back to 2010 levels, while supporting 3 billion more people with three times the economic activity.

Increasing the share of renewable electricity supply to the level assumed in 2050 would require annual capacity additions four times the record capacity achieved in 2020.

Test the robustness of our strategy across different business environments.

Inform how we position our business, as technologies and markets evolve, to capitalize on opportunities that meet risk and return criteria.

Using scenarios enables us to understand a range of risks around potential commodity market prices associated with various GHG emissions reduction scenarios.

To assist our capital allocation decisions, we can test our current portfolio of assets and investment opportunities against these future possibilities and identify where strengths and weaknesses may exist.

Of 400 milestones needed to achieve net zero emissions developing our strategy.

The detail of our scenarios gives described in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, 85% are insight into the analysis we use to inform our strategic demand side actions that would require government decision making and reinforces to stakeholders and intervention.

It will continue to be important for policymakers to address the imperatives of energy security and affordability alongside climate risk.

These widely varying factors are the reason scenario planning is important.

GHG emissions consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement and developing resilient strategies that reflect the complex and uncertain range of energy futures.

The four scenarios interact with consumer behavior to bring about a low carbon incorporate a wide range of possible outcomes for energy future.

Performance on climate related risk and opportunity and carbon emissions.

The scenarios we have developed describe possible pathways leading to a particular outcome.

Scenarios are hypothetical constructs and are not predictions or forecasts of what we think is going to happen they are used to illustrate which factors drive future developments.

Gain better understanding of external factors that impact our business to assist in the identification of major risks and opportunities and inform mitigating actions.

While these scenarios extend to 2050, well beyond our near term operational planning period, they give insights on trends that could have an implication for near and medium term decisions and enable choices on the creation or preservation of future options.

Each scenario models the full energy system including coal, oil, natural gas, solar, wind and nuclear, as well as their related GHG emissions and pricing policies.

Each of these plausible pathways is designed to stretch our thinking about potential rates of new technology adoption, policy development and consumer behavior.

The scenarios describe four pathways out of the myriad that are possible, given the uncertainty surrounding the development of future energy markets out to 2050.

They do not describe all possible future outcomes and are not used as a reliable indicator of the actual impact of climate change on ConocoPhillips’ portfolio or business.

The scenarios reflect differing economic activity, technology developments, public policy developments and consumer choices.

GDP becomes less energy intense as the global economy requires less incremental energy intensive manufacturing and industrial activity relative to service oriented activity.

This scenario is built on the assumption that trends established from 2010 to 2019 in energy production and consumption continue.

Government policies for carbon emissions remain globally uncoordinated.

Technologies evolve at a gradual pace and current modes of transportation and power generation remain the lowest cost, most efficient avenues for energy consumption and generation.

It is assumed that non OECD countries have not implemented carbon pricing by 2050 in this scenario.

In addition to using the four scenarios to analyze potential roughly 80% of global energy needs in 2050, and energy outcomes, we regularly monitor key signposts as we work related carbon emissions continue to increase.

In this way we aim to establish not just which scenario we are moving toward, but also to identify emerging disruptive scenarios.

This analysis is presented to executive management and the Board of Directors to assist in strategic decision making.

The global oil market grows by 20% over 2019’s 100 MMBOD level, driven by solid economic growth and a lack of competitive alternatives.

Transportation’s share of total oil demand expands from 60% today to 65% in 2050.

The key to scenario planning is the use of resource types is developed.

The natural gas market expands at a faster rate than oil over the long term.

By 2050, natural gas demand is 75% larger than 2021, reaching just under 700 billion cubic feet per day (BCFD) as growing economies utilize more natural gas.

In this scenario, hydrogen and Carbon Capture Utilization than doubles by 2050.

The focal point of global demand and Storage (CCUS) move to become viable, standalone shifts away from North America and Europe to Asia and the business lines.

This scenario assumes moderate advances in national level carbon pricing policies and alternative energy technologies, with incremental shifts in consumer preferences for low carbon products.

Fossil fuels remain at roughly 81% of the primary energy mix in 2050.

It is assumed that China implements its proposed national carbon pricing policy at 50% of the OECD carbon fee and that no other non OECD country implements a carbon pricing policy prior to 2050.

Global energy related carbon emissions stabilize by 2050.

Average internal combustion engine efficiency improves by one third.

Electric vehicle penetration is slow in the early years but accelerates in the 2030s and 2040s, reaching 30% of the passenger auto fleet in 2050 (compared to 1% in 2021).

Regional policies also influence the outcome for electrification in transportation.

Global oil production benefits from technology advances which improve productivity and enable global demand to be satisfied.

U.S. crude oil production grows through 2030 then falls as incremental productivity improvements slow and high quality acreage is exhausted.

Russia and OPEC grow to take a larger share of global supply which increases geopolitical risk to supply.

By 2050, the global gas market expands by 40% from 2021 levels.

The primary driver for natural gas demand growth is power generation.

Natural gas consumed in power generation increases from 155 BCFD in 2021 to 240 in 2050.

Improvements in energy storage enable wind and solar to be available throughout the day, increasing their contribution to power generation.

As in the Pre Pandemic Trend scenario, global demand shifts east to Asia and the Middle East.

Global supplies remain heavily weighted to North America.

North America’s production growth. net zero targets increases availability of capital funding which paves the way for these technologies to take hold.

CCUS grows to 2.1 gigatonnes captured in 2050, while the total hydrogen market expands to 250 million metric tons in 2050.

This is a scenario with more aggressive changes in technologies, consumer preferences and government policies relative to Moderate Transition.

Technology is vital to limiting growth in energy demand as the global population and economy expand.

Social trends that are prevalent today in specific regions or municipalities spread because technological advances make these choices universally economic.

For example, individual auto ownership gives way to shared mobility.

Mass transit and ridesharing are accessible and cost effective for more people in more regions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202237Climate Consumers shift purchases toward products and services with lower carbon footprints, and society demands more by imposing economy wide carbon prices of 10 TeCO2e in 2030 rising to 50 by 2050.

The scenario assumes transparent environmental stewardship from businesses they significant technological advances which reduce battery, patronize.

Again, China implements an and impact energy production, delivery and consumption.

Other non OECD countries impose a very low 5 per of energy provided by non fossil fuels.

The global oil market peaks in size by 2028 and remains near that level until tapering more quickly after 2035.

The combination of internal combustion engine efficiencies and faster adoption of electric vehicles, which reach a 40% share of the passenger vehicle fleet by 2050, reduces oil demand in the transportation sector.

Oil demand from the industrial sector grows for plastics and chemicals.

Natural gas remains a prominent fuel in electricity generation but starts to yield market share to wind and solar as energy storage technology allows renewables to contribute a larger share of power generation.

North America’s gas production increases 15% over today’s level, plateauing in about 2040 before declining.

Faster progression toward net zero targets and higher carbon prices increase capital available to new technologies, with hydrogen and CCUS remaining the frontrunners.

Global oil demand peaks in 2023 and declines to 40 MMBOD in 2050.

Energy storage improvements lead to EVs achieving parity with internal combustion engine vehicles by the mid 2020s, thus incentivizing consumers to purchase EVs.

Consequently, 70% of the passenger automobile fleet is electric in 2050, and transportation sector demand falls to 25% of total oil demand.

Oil supply dynamics evolve as most production occurs in OPEC countries and Russia, and geopolitics play an even larger role in oil prices and the supply of oil.

The natural gas market is much more resilient in this scenario in comparison to oil as natural gas is needed as a lower carbon fuel for reliable, dispatchable electricity generation.

Global gas demand shifts to emerging markets in Asia, the Middle East, Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and Africa.

America and Europe. advances in renewables powered hydrogen technology expand the hydrogen market to around 300 million metric tons.

In this scenario, countries and companies push for accelerated progression along net zero pathways and implement supportive policies along with capital funding to progress new technologies.

This scenario assumes technology breakthroughs, rapid front runner, with blue (using CCS) and green hydrogen global policy coordination to price GHG emissions at a supporting increased petrochemical and industrial level that materially reduces fossil fuel use and emissions activities.

Green and shifts in consumer preferences towards lower GHG hydrogen accelerates along with other new technologies, products and services.

In this pathway, OECD countries pushing out blue and grey (Steam Methane Reforming) and China implement a transparent economy wide carbon price2 mechanism by 2025 which rises from 50 TeCO2e in 2030 to 190 by 2050.

Other non OECD nations follow hydrogen production.

CCS plays a critical role in emissions reduction, expanding to 7.0 gigatonnes by 2050.

Identify and fund emissions reduction projects to reduce technological advances, government policies (e.g., carbon the impact of any future regulations, carbon prices or prices) and consumer behaviors leading to a range of oil and taxes, and to help maintain a low life cycle cost of supply.

We have upgraded the use of a marginal abatement account in our strategy by using a fully burdened cost of cost curve (MACC) in Long Range Planning to identify supply as our primary criteria for capital allocation.

These process upgrades have resulted per barrel and below held in our portfolio, resources at the in more efficient collection, recording, sharing and average cost of supply can be produced at 32 per barrel.3 funding of emissions reduction projects.

This compares favorably to the expected commodity prices detailed in our own scenarios as well as external scenarios such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions scenario.

The scenarios are designed to address transitional risks.

Task each business unit with developing potential options to achieve our operational net zero emissions ambition.

Introduce a proxy cost of carbon into qualifying project economics to help us be more resilient to climate related risk in the short to medium term and provide the flexibility to remain resilient in the long term.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) modeling.

Focus near term technology investments on reducing both our costs and our emissions where economically feasible.

Monitor for potential disruptive technologies that might impact the market for natural gas or oil, enabling us to take advantage of our capital flexibility and reduce our exposure to lower commodity prices at an early point in time.

Focus on the carbon and cost competitive supply of natural gas and oil while continuing to utilize our scenario planning system to monitor and assess additional business opportunities within the evolving energy transition.

Pursue hydrogen production and carbon sequestration as potentially attractive investments in meeting transition demand for low carbon energy.

Monitor global regulatory and legislative developments and engage in development of pragmatic policies aligned with the climate policy principles outlined in our Global.

Our corporate strategy reflects several findings from our scenario analysis process.

Use a fully burdened cost of supply, including cost of carbon aligned with our current probability weighted energy scenario, as an important metric in our project authorization process.

In 2023, we had a resource base of 20 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) with 40 per barrel (or lower) cost of supply and an average cost of supply of 32 per barrel.3 Our strategic objective is to provide resilience in lower price environments, with any oil price above our cost of supply generating an after tax fully burdened rate of return greater than 10%.

Prepare for diverse policy environments by maintaining a less than 40 per BOE sustaining price to generate the cash to fund capital expenditure to keep production flat over time and generate competitive returns to shareholders.

Maintain diversification in our portfolio to balance our production and capital expenditures as commodity prices become more volatile.

Provide competitive distributions from cash flows to investors.

Physical climate related impacts. at our oil sands operations which improves our steam to oil ratios by 20 30%, the deployment of wellbore technology such as flow control devices and multilateral wells which improve steam to oil ratios by 10 20%, and the piloting of steam additives which has the potential for a 20% improvement to our steam to oil ratio.

GHG emissions costs, or carbon costs, are another near term risk in some jurisdictions where we operate.

Climate related disclosure and reporting. and evaluate project economics that include the.

The time horizons we use for climate related issues are based on the time we expect it will take for the risks to manifest, our planning time horizons and the time required to realize the majority of the net present value of our projects.

Norwegian carbon fee and European Union CO2 emissions costs (EU ETS).

Our near term time horizon is one to five years, during emissions across the economy.

By enacting a legislative which we can complete short cycle drilling campaigns and requirement for a price on carbon, we believe the U.S. would small projects.

Our GHG forecasting and financial planning maintain the energy advantage it currently has while at processes are used to determine risks and opportunities the same time incentivizing other countries to also adopt that could have a material financial impact for that a price on carbon.

Leadership Coalition (CPLC), a voluntary initiative working government policy related and managed at the business to catalyze action towards the successful implementation of unit level through policy advocacy and technology to carbon pricing around the world.

Regulations to address climate related risk, including GHG emissions, are a near term risk for several of our businesses.

Act require any facility existing in 2016, with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide or equivalent per year, to reduce its net emissions intensity, with reduction increases over time.

The cost of compliance and investment in emissions intensity reduction of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), a collaboration of business and environmental interests working to develop a carbon dividend plan for the U.S.

The plan has four key pillars: a gradually increasing price on carbon, a carbon dividend, border carbon adjustments and regulatory simplification.

Another policy area we monitor is related to border carbon business unit, where we are purchasing carbon offsets while adjustments (BCAs).

Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) seeks to put a price on as CCS and subsurface technology to reduce emissions for carbon for carbon intensive traded goods.

We continue to monitor the applicability of CBAM target commitments may imply that greater restrictions will and other border carbon adjustment proposals to our oil be placed on GFANZ members in the future.

We will continue working with the CLC to mount, our access to capital on terms we find favorable and our trade associations to identify opportunities to may be limited, and our costs may increase.

Additionally, our support and shape policies in alignment with our carbon reputation could be damaged, and our business and results pricing principles.

Our long term time horizon is 11 years and beyond.

Generally, which we can complete most major projects and revise our long term risks are managed by our scenario analysis and portfolio if required.

Climate Risk Strategy, as they include long term government planning processes are used to determine the risks and policy, technology trends and consumer preferences that opportunities that could have a material financial impact affect supply and demand.

Medium term risks take longer to impact align with long term physical climate scenarios.

These risks are managed by business unit planning but, if significant, may also be managed by corporate strategies and company wide risk assessments.

We recognize that our GHG intensity will be compared against peers, so we track this as a competitive risk at the corporate level.

Offset requirements have been identified as both a medium performance, and GHG intensity is a key indicator.

For this term risk and as an opportunity for some business units reason, our GHG intensity target aligns with the long term where carbon offsets can be used for compliance with an time horizon to ensure we manage the risk appropriately.

Climate related physical changes are a medium term risk climate related risk.

Both chronic and acute physical climate risks are a include pre packing snow to accelerate the start of the ice long term risk for our business.

In some parts of the U.S., road season and engineering and maintaining gravel roads we have identified potential storm severity as a risk for and pads to be protective of underlying permafrost.

Another medium term risk is access to capital markets.

Increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in pressure from and on stockholders, financial institutions and other market participants to modify their relationships with oil and gas companies and to limit or discontinue investments, insurance and funding to such companies.

Consensus science suggests that future extreme weather events may become more intense and or more frequent, thus potentially adding incremental risk to our operations in coastal regions and areas susceptible to typhoons or hurricanes.

We have a crisis management system in place to manage that risk before, during and after a storm event.

Net Zero (GFANZ), thereby voluntarily pledging to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 on Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, as well as setting interim targets for 2030 or earlier.

Risk Register and includes milestones over several years.

However, there are also opportunities associated with our central corporate staff.

For example, both chronic and increased demand for lower carbon energy sources such physical climate related impacts are more likely to apply to as natural gas to displace coal in power generation and a single business unit, given the specific local nature of the in combination with carbon capture and storage in the risk and geographical location of our assets.

Actions relate production of hydrogen for industrial use.

More information to specific business units unless indicated as global.

Climate related risks and opportunities that have the potential to impact our company are addressed through business and operational planning, strategic planning and financial planning.

Our SD risk management processes identify those risks and assess the potential size, scope and prioritization of each.

We engage with suppliers on the environmental and social aspects of their operations throughout the procurement process.

GHG management and environmental supply chain risks.

We engage through membership in several trade associations, such as Ipieca, that address climate related issues through working groups and task forces that include downstream businesses as well as suppliers.

We continue to monitor climate related risks and opportunities related to our supply chain and value chain and believe that maintaining a global network of businesses and suppliers will mitigate physical climate related risks.

We also recognize the importance of Scope 3 emissions mitigation activities, project design and emissions reduction generated by our suppliers in the upstream value chain. projects, among others.

Compliance with policy changes that create a GHG tax, an assessment of their emissions into targeted supplier fee, emissions trading scheme or GHG reductions could evaluations.

We utilize a sustainability questionnaire in key significantly increase product costs for consumers and bids that includes questions on supplier GHG emissions and reduce demand for natural gas and oil derived products.

Review global emerging issues with Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council on a regular basis.

Work with Climate Leadership Council and API Climate Working Group to develop U.S. carbon tax framework advocate for a carbon price through the Climate Leadership Council Americans for Carbon Dividends as well as the Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition.

Directly engage governments on evolving climate policy and monitor policy developments.

Engage in industry working groups to provide input to federal consultation on border carbon adjustment policies.

Use carbon price in base case Long Range Planning and forecasting elevate GHG forecasting guidelines to a company practice.

Support effective incentives for emissions reductions, including tax and production credits and protocols for use of carbon credits and offsets.

Implement global corporate position and strategy on carbon offsets purchases.

Assess opportunities to reduce Scope 2 emissions with low carbon technologies and electricity grid connection opportunities.

Explore novel technology and investments through Low Carbon Technologies organization.

Explore implementing CCS technology in project design.

Consider partnering with future renewable energy project developers to power our operations where operationally and economically feasible and monitor new opportunities.

Support enactment of cost effective federal methane regulations on new and existing sources that would preserve a state’s ability to adapt implementation to local conditions.

Explore new technology solutions and facility improvements to meet methane and flaring reduction targets.

Continue regulatory advocacy efforts around methane and flaring.

Work with industry trade groups and task forces to respond to proposed GHG regulations.

Design and develop new facilities with lower emission footprints.

Focus on operational efficiency globally to reduce.

Execute U.S. flare reduction plans including revising commercial agreements to incorporate flare reduction incentives.

Consider developing additional flaring reduction targets.

Continue implementation of corporate Climate Risk Strategy including energy transition plan with updated targets.

Continue integration of BU Climate Risk Strategy and development.

Improve GHG data collection efforts and advance MACC emissions reduction projects, plans and low carbon ideas.

Continue to assess transformational technology pilots.

Advance methane mitigation measures through leak detection surveys, source testing and tank monitoring.

Continue to include physical climate risk in SD risk management process.

Develop global physical risk assessment guidelines for business units and continue with ongoing review cycle.

Increase application of mitigation measures (fresh water use minimization) in project design phase and adjust project execution timing based on water availability.

Investigate alternative sources for water (e.g. pipelines, desalination, etc.).

Monitor stream flow and use forecast exercises to identify potential water availability concerns in upcoming development.

Alter well completion schedule as required or needed.

Continue assessment of risk of permafrost thaw for construction of new infrastructure and implementation of mitigation measures.

Use remote sensing to detect landscape change patterns.

Investigate effective approaches for monitoring permafrost thaw and thaw degree days.

Continually review and update engineering and design specifications, including equipment and site maintenance.

Participate in desktop regional wildfire annual risk assessment and mitigation planning efforts.

Execute emergency response plan exercises, drills and training for wildfire threats.

Integrate development of planning with regional forest company’s harvest timeline to enable landscape scale resource management which could reduce forest fuel near the asset.

Implement and execute safety barriers and controls to enable facility and personnel protection in the case of fire and advance warning of potential wildfire threats.

Strategy.4 In 2022, we developed a plan for implementation for net zero, opportunities and challenges on the road to in 2023 to ensure that key elements of our supply chain are net zero, and the importance of integrating risk management evaluated for climate risk, including: into supply chain, business planning and decision making.

Identifying suppliers with high relative impact on Scope 3 upstream supplier emissions.

Promoting alignment of suppliers’ GHG targets with our net zero ambition.

Building a governance framework for supplier sustainability to include Scope 3 supplier emissions.

Updating our Supplier Expectations to highlight climate, operations.

The costs associated with interrupted operations biodiversity, responsible use of natural resources and human rights.

We will revise and implement this documentation through a structured plan to will depend on the duration and severity of any physical event and the damage and remedial work to be carried out.

Financial implications could include business interruption, systematically engage with suppliers on sustainability damage or loss of production uptime and delayed access issues throughout the year.

Collaborating with suppliers in conjunction with industry partners like API and Ipieca to align on disclosure frameworks and systems for collecting and reporting supplier emissions.

For example, a three day shutdown of all U.S. Gulf Coast production would result in approximately 660 MBOE of lost production.

It is unlikely all our Gulf Coast area production would be affected, as our operations are located across a wide span of the coast including inland and offshore assets.

Business resiliency planning is a process that helps us team and those of our major suppliers, we intend to include prepare to mitigate potential physical risks of a changing a standing climate agenda item to discuss GHG targets, climate in a cost effective manner. performance, opportunities and actions to be taken.

For example, in 2021, British Columbia, Canada experienced expectations for suppliers through our annual Supplier one of its worst fire seasons on record.

Similarly, in response to previous years’ increased wildfire from across the globe.

The agenda was designed to share activity in Alberta, our Surmont team undertook reactive information for sustainability best practices that are forest fuel reductions near critical infrastructure and transferable throughout our diverse supply chains.

Alignment with ConocoPhillips leaders from our Lower 48 forest company to strategically reduce forest fuel loading organization, the Low Carbon Technologies team, the in areas of future infrastructure development.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202244Climate also developed an in house automated active wildfire early updated the specification based on permafrost temperature warning system around both assets to identify risks and trends and geothermal modeling predictions from 2020 keep people and infrastructure safe.

In addition to mitigating fire risk, the Canada BU has addressed increased surface water flow from high frequency and short duration storm events in Surmont with increased on site training for managing the movement of water from well pads and central processing facilities.

We continues to date and will be revised as needed in the future.

Data will be used to evaluate permafrost temperatures near the surface, and data will be incorporated into engineering models and construction best practices.

We have also acted to mitigate our Scope 1 and 2 GHG study on bioengineering techniques, such as live willow emissions for many years.

In 2017, we introduced a GHG during intense rainfall events.

This proactive surface water emissions intensity target to incentivize GHG reductions management is critical in preventing on site erosion from in our production operations in connection with project damaging critical infrastructure.

In the Montney region, in design, exploration and portfolio decisions.

To date, this the fall we monitor streamflow at the Halfway River, which has resulted in a reduction of both our emissions intensity acts as a signal for potential upcoming low flow conditions and our absolute emissions.

Approximately half of our in winter so appropriate mitigation measures can be enacted.

Seasonal learnings like this inform streamflow prediction the reduced emissions of methane from reducing venting, exercises and future development.

We have also proactively updating plunger lifts or replacing pneumatic controllers.

Most of these projects have paid for themselves through potential increase in high frequency, short duration storm increased sales of natural gas.

Following the success events and are piloting the same bioengineering sediment of our overall GHG intensity target, in 2022 we set a control techniques as Surmont.

To continue reducing emissions, we have set up regional catchment level modeling to inform a drought risk teams in North America, Australia, Southeast Asia and assessment to determine future impacts to water supply.

By evaluating our day to day decisions regarding flaring, the next 30 years in the local area.

To mitigate this potential drilling, completions and equipment use we have gained a risk, both ConocoPhillips and the local water authority are sharper focus on energy consumption, along with increased investigating supplementary water supplies from alternate revenue, reduced energy costs, reduced emissions and an sources.

We will use results from this, and future updates to improved overall cost of supply.

Climate change is also considered during new project design.

Foundational Design Specification to increase the embedment depths for vertical support members and piles to align with predicted soil temperature trends.

A robust and flexible corporate strategy is key to addressing climate related risks and navigating the energy transition.

Some key climate related components of an exploration and production company’s strategy are portfolio management, including portfolio resilience and diversification, focus on low cost of supply and capital allocation, carbon pricing, and investment in new technology through research and development.

Business development decisions consider possible financial, operational and sustainability impacts to our portfolio.

In our Long Range Planning process, we run sensitivities on our GHG emissions intensity based on possible acquisitions, divestments and project decisions.

We focus on cost of supply to account for lower and more volatile product prices and possible introduction of carbon taxes.

In recent years, we have divested higher emissions intensity gas fields.

Our ability to address climate related risks and meet transition pathway demand will depend on our ability to deliver competitive returns on and of capital.

We work to continually improve the underlying cost of supply of our portfolio, with a commitment to return more than 30% of cash from operations to stockholders through the cycles.

Our sector leading approach focuses on the cost of supply of our portfolio, committing to balance sheet strength and moderating growth by holding to disciplined reinvestment rates.

We returned 15 billion of capital for 2022, which represented over 50% of our cash from operations, well in excess of our greater than 30% annual commitment.

Oil and natural gas are projected to remain essential parts of the energy supply mix in coming decades across a broad range of transition scenarios.

ConocoPhillips intends to maintain its key market role through competitive returns that are resilient to transition related risks.

We focus on remaining resilient and competitive in any scenario by providing low cost, low GHG intensity barrels by asset type with continuously improving sustainability performance.

The mix and location of the resources in our portfolio independent of price forecasts.

Any oil price above the cost provide flexibility and adaptability as we monitor scenarios of supply will generate an after tax fully burdened return and global trends.

Our short cycle project times and that is greater than 10%.

Providing low cost of supply also capital flexibility enable us to redirect capital to the most addresses a key component of a just transition reliable and competitive basins.

Our extensive low cost of supply affordable energy supply.

This applies to both hydrocarbon mix and geographic region.

If policy in a country or region significantly impacts cost of supply, we can shift capital to other opportunities.

The cost of supply of our resource base supports our assertion that resources with the lowest cost of supply are most likely to be developed in scenarios with lower demand, such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions Scenario.

These projects have a low cost of supply and low GHG emissions intensity on a life cycle basis and align with our view that LNG is expected to play an increasingly important role in helping meet energy transition pathway demand, with its lower GHG intensity compared to burning coal for power generation.

To assist our capital allocation decisions, we test our current portfolio of assets and investment opportunities against future possibilities and identify strengths and weaknesses that may exist.

As a result of our strategy and scenario work, we have focused capital on resources with low cost of supply, exiting deep water and high emissions intensity gas fields while increasing our investments in unconventional oil projects.

Our U.S. Gulf LNG partnerships also allow for optionality for future offtake from expansion trains and access to excess cargos from equity investments.

Cost of supply is the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) equivalent price that generates 10% after tax return on a point forward and fully burdened basis.

If no carbon tax exists for the asset, carbon pricing aligned with internal energy scenarios is applied.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202247Climate In recent years we have dramatically high graded our portfolio and applied stringent capital allocation criteria that direct investments to resources that will best match transition demand.

CO2e BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of our portfolio by 2030.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202248Climate Carbon Asset Risk evaluate and compare investment choices.

Scenario analysis and our Climate Risk Strategy help build with rules and regulations, including for reporting natural optionality into our strategic plans to reduce the risk of gas and oil reserves.

In order to meet the Securities and stranded assets.

Considering a range of possible future carbon constraint reserves are determined by applying a carbon tax only in scenarios.

Developing strategic alternatives to manage shareholder value in a future with uncertain carbon constraints.

Testing strategies and asset portfolios in various scenarios.

We have also increased our disclosure over the years to offer investors and stakeholders additional insights into the processes and procedures we use to manage climate related risks, including carbon asset risk.

We have taken action to reduce our cost of supply and are one of only a few oil and natural gas companies to transparently disclose the full cost of supply of our resource base.

Combined with our belief that we have the lowest sustaining capital required to maintain flat production among our peers, this demonstrates a competitive advantage in reducing carbon asset risk.

Emissions Scenario. regulations, drive culture shift, encourage energy efficiency and low carbon investment, and stress test investments.

In 2022, the company used a range of estimated future costs of GHG emissions for internal planning purposes, including an estimate of 60 per tonne CO2e as a sensitivity to evaluate certain future projects and opportunities.

We have further developed the methodology by which qualifying projects will include assumed or actual GHG pricing in their project approval economics and long term planning.

All U.S. publicly traded companies must adhere to a energy transition scenario for that jurisdiction, depending consistent set of regulations that enable investors to on which is higher.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202249Climate we use the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction.

With only existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect near term cash more accurately.

With a sensitivity of 60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate regulation accelerate.

Stanford University researchers with participation from industry, government, inter governmental organizations and foundations.

The initiative aims to increase public access to information about the accuracy of methane detection and quantification technologies.

This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory requirements are considered in our planning and decision making.

In addition to the use of carbon pricing in planning and companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil project economics, we use it in impairment testing, cost of sands production.

The goal of the alliance is to achieve supply calculations, and reserve calculations.

Impairment testing: BU Long Range Plan submissions are the basis for the assumptions used in our impairment testing model for both operated and non operated assets aligned with the higher of existing regulations or the carbon pricing assumptions used in the current energy scenario.

Cost of supply: On appraised resource volumes in our cost through our annual marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) of supply model and Long Range Plan, we assume the higher of the carbon prices from existing regulations or those implied by the current scenario where applicable.

The MACC process identifies and prioritizes our emissions reduction opportunities from operations based on the project’s breakeven cost.

Reserve calculations: In accordance with SEC guidelines, projects that might become viable in the future through the company does not use an estimated market cost of further research, development and deployment.

GHG emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions of this work, we have focused our near term technology without existing GHG regulations.

GHG regulations exist we base carbon prices on market feasible, such as improving the steam to oil ratio in the oil actuals.

In cases where existing carbon prices are not sands.

Part of a new research and development effort is a based on the market but are pre set by a regulatory body, multilateral well technology pilot, which enables the drilling we use the pre published prices (e.g.

Over the past five years we have spent more than the energy intensity of our operations or value chain.

We take climate related issues into account in our financial planning in several ways.

New or changing climate related policy can impact our costs, demand for fossil fuels, the cost and availability of capital and exposure to litigation.

The long term impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on several factors, including: free cash flow, capital flexibility and a strong balance sheet.

Supply and demand side renewable fuels or energy we take to mitigate impacts.

In the longer term our scenarios provide insight into the possibilities for future supply, demand and price of key commodities.

This helps us understand a range of risk around commodity prices, and the potential price risk associated with various GHG reduction scenarios.

History has shown an interdependency between commodity prices and operating and capital costs.

Technological and scientific developments leading to new products or services.

Potential physical climate effects, such as increased severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes past, lower commodity prices have driven down operating in temperature. and capital costs, whereas the opposite has been true when.

Extent to which increased compliance costs are reflected commodity prices have risen. in the prices of our products and services.

Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of 10.2B includes base capital of 8.1B and 2.1B of acquisition and other capital.

Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of 10.2B includes base capital of 8.1B and 2.1B of acquisition and other capital.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202251Climate The long term financial impact from GHG regulations is impossible to predict accurately, but we expect the geographical reach of regulations and their associated costs to increase over time.

We model such increases and test our portfolio in our long term transition scenarios.

Our strategy is also made more robust by discipline in capital business value through differentiated products, business and operating costs.

Below we describe our efforts to develop our long term planning, as well as more cost effective and liquefied natural gas portfolio and low carbon opportunities efficient operations.

In addition to considering cost of supply, portfolio resilience and cost of carbon, we also strive to compete more effectively by earning the confidence and trust of the communities in which we operate, as well as our equity and debt holders.

ConocoPhillips has a 60 year history of leadership in LNG and LNG technology.

While LNG is still considered part of our traditional oil and gas business, its prominence is increasing in global energy markets.

We view LNG as an important component of responsibly meeting energy transition demand in the coming decades.

A credit rating to maintain, facilitate and ensure access to in end use GHG emissions across the globe and it is a key capital through commodity price cycles.

Material information related to our financial position, including material climate related matters, is disclosed in our most recently filed periodic report on Form 10 K and subsequent filings on Form 10 Q.

Related Risks. an increasingly important role in the global energy mix, as it has lower GHG emissions than traditional hydrocarbon resources like coal used for electricity generation.

LNG portfolio to meet transition demand and energy security needs.

In 2022, we grew our LNG portfolio in several key areas.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202252Climate expanding our total equity share to 47.5%.

Pacific market and to Australia’s east coast gas market.

In July 2022, we invested in a new large scale LNG facility under development by Sempra Infrastructure, a subsidiary of Sempra Energy, in Jefferson County, Texas.

In November 2022, ConocoPhillips and QatarEnergy announced an agreement to responsibly and reliably supply secure, long term LNG to Germany.

In addition to these specific projects, we are one of the trains, LNG storage tanks and associated facilities.

This this agreement with Sempra provides us with a ground floor liquefaction process simplifies modularization and reduces opportunity to participate in a premier LNG development, liquefaction equipment counts, resulting in a smaller facility reinforcing our commitment to help solve the world’s energy footprint and lower GHG emissions.

Further, equity ownership in the Port Arthur LNG project provides options for ConocoPhillips to participate in future expansions and lower carbon activities, including CCS, in line with our own strategic initiatives as we continue to monitor the energy transition pathway.

The project reached final investment decision in early 2023, and we finalized our equity investment in the project.

The company has advanced its low carbon positions through a variety of research and development activities.

Support academic research opportunities for future competitive investment.

Engage in joint industry projects approaching this effort with the same discipline we follow in our traditional business investment and capital allocation process.

This includes keeping costs low, leveraging competencies, identifying viable economic opportunities and anticipating and managing risk while focusing on projects with competitive returns potential.

We are working with organizations in R D and academia and industry collaborations focused on CCS, renewables, energy efficiency, electrification and hydrogen generation, deployment and transportation to advance low carbon opportunities around the globe.

Carbon capture and storage involves capturing CO2 from concentrated sources such as power plants or industrial sources preprocessing, compressing, transporting and injecting the CO2 into geologic formations underground and monitoring the storage site.

This process helps reduce the amount of CO2 released into the atmosphere.

ConocoPhillips is leveraging our unique land position, technical expertise, project development skills and safety commitment to evaluate future cost effective and permanent carbon storage services.

Commercial, Environmental and Sustainable Development and Stakeholder Relations teams, and are actively engaged in subsurface characterization, business development, appraisal planning and land acquisition.

CCS hubs should enable access to a diverse source of storage (CCS) and hydrogen could play in decarbonizing the industrial customers, reducing both the reliance on a single global economy.

We intend to apply our disciplined approach to development of these new opportunities through clear source of CO2 supply and the risk of asset stranding.

We are evaluating an opportunity to participate in the creation of a investment criteria and a focused strategy.

CCS hub for industrial sites along the U.S. Gulf Coast.

This prioritized opportunities in these technologies as they offer hub could offer cost advantages and risk mitigations and can potential for competitive returns and align closely with our be modified to meet increasing demand.

The Gulf Coast’s technical competencies and global reach.

Louisiana, could make it an ideal location for a hub structure. in the following sections.

As part of this work, we identified a 25,000 acre portion manufacturing as well as the best means to deliver it to of our more than 600,000 acre position in southeast market.

The area may supply of low cost natural gas and proximity to subsurface be well suited to serve industrial sites located along the sites suitable for CCS.

Additionally, ConocoPhillips is in factors are low cost supplies of renewable electricity, water negotiations with landowners along the Texas and Louisiana and large scale electrolysis.

Gulf Coast for additional rights to sequester CO2. The team is also negotiating with large industrial customers near the proposed land positions to provide baseload CO2 streams to each of the hubs.

Technologies for manufacturing both blue and green hydrogen are rapidly evolving, and, as with CCS, we are pursuing various ways to access these technologies and qualify them for use.

Oil Terminal as a site for industrial carbon capture.

An technology from Ekona Power Inc., a Vancouver based engineering study was completed in early 2023, and we hydrogen technology venture.

Ekona’s new methane remain open to any future opportunities regarding expansion pyrolysis technology platform is expected to produce of carbon capture and storage clusters in the area.

Finally, we are a member of the Pathways Alliance, a group of Canada’s largest oil sands producers working together to address climate change by achieving net zero operational emissions by 2050.

One of the key pathways to achieving net zero operational emissions is through the proposed existing methane streams into hydrogen and solid carbon to reduce CO2 emissions when applied.

This investment represents an opportunity to leverage our existing infrastructure and create optionality at the front end of new technologies that will be important to the future of energy.

In September 2022, Japanese energy company JERA and storage network to transport captured CO2 from oil sands facilities and sequester it deep underground at a storage hub.

Hydrogen announced a collaboration with ConocoPhillips to evaluate the development of green and blue ammonia from the U.S.

U.S. for use in the U.S., Europe, Japan and greater Asia.

We utilize an integrated management system approach to effective mitigation measures.

The scenario monitoring identify, assess, characterize and manage climate related system helps us understand the pace and direction of the risks.

This system links directly to the enterprise risk energy transition.

For example, if regulations and technology management (ERM) process, which includes an annual risk were moving more quickly than in our scenarios, this would review by the Executive Leadership Team and the Board indicate that we might be moving to a 1.5 degree scenario of Directors.

The diagram below illustrates how we assess climate related physical and transition risks for operations, developments and new major projects.

In our resiliency workshops, we use externally produced scenarios that describe the range of possible future physical risk.

To understand long term risk and mitigation options, we assets and major projects against the physical, social and utilize four scenarios as described in the Scenario Planning political settings of our operations.

This scenario approach helps in each business unit (BU) and project identify and describe us evaluate distinct outcomes related to the potential climate related risks.

This information is then used to shape our analysis and consideration of various outcomes for policy, technology and market risk.

Each risk is then assessed using a matrix that evaluates both its likelihood and consequence.

Risks rated significant or high are included in the corporate SD Risk Register.

In evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential impacts on employee and public safety, sociocultural and economic impacts to stakeholders, environmental impact, and reputational and financial implications.

A cross functional team enters events into a of risks and work to identify emerging risks such as new centralized database that is reviewed regularly for regulatory requirements and emerging greenhouse gas indications that risks are changing or developing.

We facilitate resiliency planning workshops within business engineering stage to better inform our investment decisions units to identify and assess the risks and opportunities and facility design.

Environment (HSE) and Social Issues Due Diligence Standard and the potential technology and solutions to mitigate risks also provides further guidance on accounting for sustainable and leverage opportunities.

These workshops are conducted development issues for new acquisitions, new business on a periodic basis aligned with our Capital Projects ventures, joint ventures and property transactions.

Management System stage gate approval process to ensure that our operations have access to up to date science provided by qualified consultants to inform their engineering and infrastructure decisions.

Our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying projects to include GHG pricing in their project approval economics.

A climate related risk assessment is conducted on any future project development that costs more than 50 million net and is expected to emit more than 25,000 metric tons CO2 equivalent (TeCO2e) net to ConocoPhillips during any year of its operational lifespan.

This assessment regulations and the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction.

Where there is no GHG price regulation, we use the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction.

With existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect near is mandatory for investment approval in our project term cash more accurately.

Project teams for qualifying projects are required to assess the potential risks and opportunities associated with GHG emissions, GHG regulation and a physically changing climate based on local jurisdictions and.

With a sensitivity of 60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate regulation accelerate. geographies as opposed to relying solely on our corporate.

This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory scenarios.

The climate risk assessment guidelines provide a requirements are considered in our planning and framework for project teams to: decision making.

Forecast operational GHG emissions for the life of the project.

Evaluate climate related risks and opportunities, including physical and transition risks that apply to the project.

Make decisions on GHG emissions control in project design, including energy efficiency solutions, power source selection, emissions management, carbon capture and storage utilization, and external compliance options such as the purchase or origination of GHG offsets.

Evaluate the potential cost of GHG emissions in project economics.

Integrating climate related risk into our corporate strategy future scenarios.

Through integrated planning and decision and Long Range Plan results in outcomes and activities making, we develop mitigation plans for climate related risk, such as: track performance against our goals and adjust our plans as we learn and conditions evolve.

Reducing the sustaining price of the company the equivalent WTI price at which cash provided by operating activities covers capital expenditures that sustain our production at current levels and the ordinary dividend.

Lowering the cost of supply to manage market risk and opportunities unique to each region’s operations.

Maintaining a diversified portfolio of projects and setting and prioritization of global emissions abatement opportunities to mitigate geographical and geological projects, are managed at the corporate level. risks.

The diagram below shows a simplified process flow of our climate related risk management process.

The objective of our Climate Risk Strategy is to manage climate related risk, optimize opportunities and equip the company to respond to changes in key uncertainties, including government policies around the world, emissions reduction technologies, alternative energy technologies and changes in consumer trends.

The strategy sets out our choices around portfolio composition, emissions reductions, targets and incentives, emissions related technology development, and our climate related policy and finance sector engagement.

Diversifying our portfolio to include assets with lower decline rates and low capital intensity to drive higher free cash flow yields.

Developing technologies that reduce both costs and emissions.

Pursuing competitive opportunities in LNG, CCS and hydrogen.

Climate related risks from the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to key categories in the enterprise risk management process (ERM).

ERM risk owners to inform their assessments of risk ranking, corporate actions and mitigations.

Each risk owner evaluates and prioritizes risks in their area based on likelihood and consequences, thereby determining the relative significance of climate related risks in relation to other enterprise risks.

The ERM process is a direct input into our strategic planning process.

By identifying major cross cutting risks and trends, we closely link action plan efforts to key performance issues and address and mitigate identified risks.

This plan includes details about our commitments, related responsibilities, resources and milestones.

Action Plan and its effectiveness and make decisions to continue mitigation measures, add new measures or simply monitor the risk for further developments.

The table below lists our key SD risk management streams, their scope and purpose.

Defines the company’s direction for exploration and development, including portfolio, capital allocation and cost structure.

Identifies options to reduce and mitigate climate related risks as policies, markets and technologies develop over time.

Drives actions, reviews and management of future policy and market risk.

Forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering our proposed portfolio development and performance, including production, costs, cash flows and emissions.

Prioritizes and funds GHG emissions reduction projects across our business units based on cost and emissions abated.

Records all SD related risks that are prioritized as significant and high in the SD Risk Register to ensure that the mitigation progress is reported and issues are managed effectively.

Records mitigation actions, milestones and progress in managing climate related risks from the SD Risk Register.

In 2020, we adopted a Paris aligned climate related risk framework with an ambition to reduce our operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to net zero by 2050.

To that end, we calculate key metrics and use targets to measure and monitor our performance and progress in managing climate related risks and opportunities in line with our strategy and risk management process.

We believe these metrics and targets are the most useful in managing climate related risks and opportunities and monitoring performance.

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity declined 14% to.

Flaring intensity decreased 12% to 25.9 MMCF MMBOE.

Our total GHG intensity metrics generally show an improvement over time.

The decrease in absolute emissions compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the divestment of our Indonesia asset.

We have also committed to near , medium and long term targets for reducing operational (Scope 1 and 2) emissions over which the company has ownership and control.

Achieving our stated ambition to reach net zero emissions for Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.

N2O represents only about 0.1% of our gross operated emissions and is not represented here.

Strengthening our previously announced operational GHG emissions intensity reduction target to 50 60% by 2030 on both a gross operated and net equity basis.

Achieving near zero methane emissions intensity by.

This goal was set in response to meeting our 10% methane emissions intensity target four years early.

Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.

Our Performance Metrics section provides the metrics included in this section in tabular change rapidly.

Intensity targets are more durable and allow format.

Beyond 2030, many uncertainties influence our ability to and TCFD.

Pace of development of currently undeveloped technologies.

Permitting and regulatory changes that may impair ability to execute current or future plans.

Pricing, verifiability and availability of offsets offset market developments.

Potential revisions to emissions estimates and reduction.

SCOPE 1 Direct GHG emissions from sources owned or controlled by ConocoPhillips.

SCOPE 2 GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed goals as measurement technologies advance. by ConocoPhillips.

Success and rate of return of nascent low carbon investments, technologies and markets.

SCOPE 3 All other indirect GHG emissions as a result of ConocoPhillips’ activities, from sources not owned or controlled by the uncertainties to be managed.

We also recognize that future company, including emissions from the end use policy and regulatory efforts may supersede company of oil and gas products by consumers.

As such, we recognize that our pathway and targets may not be the same as other companies due to differences in asset mix, geographies, risks and opportunities.

Read more about the principles surrounding our approach to target setting.

GHG emissions management is an expected core competency for our business units (BUs) managing oil and gas production.

Those BUs are required to review their GHG emissions profile and identify opportunities to make design and operating improvements that can reduce emissions.

Footnotes to our performance metrics outline the scope and methodologies of our data reporting.

The minimum boundary for reporting on environmental priorities is the assets we operate.

Current and updated targets and ambitions are outlined in near , medium and long term timeframes, followed by examples of emissions reduction projects in our business units.

These targets inform internal emissions reduction goals at within our annual budget planning process and assessed the business unit level and support innovation on efficiency, against pre determined selection criteria, including cost emissions reduction, GHG regulatory risk mitigation and per tonne of CO2e abated.

We call this annual exercise our marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) process, described in more detail within this section of the report.

NEW: Reduce GHG intensity 50 60% (from 40 50%) Near zero methane intensity target 1.5 kg CO2e BOE.

Our near term targets have a priority focus on flaring and methane emissions.

ACHIEVED IN 2021: Meet a 10% methane emissions intensity reduction target by 2025 from a 2019 baseline.

Achieve a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.

Our methane emissions reductions come from voluntary reduction activities and from portfolio changes.

Our absolute methane emissions decreased in 2022 due to the disposition of our Indonesian and non core Lower 48 assets, reduced flare volumes, improved detection of fugitive emissions and data quality improvements.

CO2e and constituted approximately 11% of our total GHG emissions.

Reducing methane emissions, even the small equipment leaks known as fugitive emissions, is a key part of our operations.

Leak detection and repair (LDAR) is a work practice used to identify and repair leaking components, including valves, compressors, pumps, tanks and connectors, in order to reduce GHG emissions and increase efficiency.

We fix leaks as soon as feasible, with many leaks repaired either the same day or within a few days of being detected.

We have been voluntarily conducting pilots of new technologies at numerous facilities to determine effectiveness and scalability of next generation detection technologies.

This has included a wide range of ground based and aerial technologies, each providing different strengths for different monitoring applications.

The main objective with these technology pilots is to expeditiously identify, investigate and repair leaks associated with malfunctions and abnormal operating conditions, resulting in faster emissions mitigation.

Flaring is a regulated process for the controlled release and burning of natural gas during oil and gas exploration, production and processing operations.

Flaring is required to safely dispose of flammable gas released during process upsets or other unplanned events and to safely relieve pressure before performing equipment maintenance.

Flaring is also used to control and reduce emissions of volatile organic compounds from oil and condensate storage tanks, and to manage emissions at well sites that lack sufficient pipeline infrastructure to capture gas for sale.

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, the target will drive continued near term focus on routine flaring reductions across our assets.

In 2022, the total volume of flared gas was 17.9 BCF, a decrease of 13% from 2021.

The decrease was a result of decreased flaring in Eagle Ford, Norway and Alaska as well as the disposition of our Indonesia asset.

In Eagle Ford, decreased flaring was attributable to flare decommissioning, better accounting of flare outage periods, and use of wellsite fuel meters.

ConocoPhillips is committed to the World Bank Zero Routine intensity also decreased 12%.

World Bank goal, and we continue to make strong progress.

In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% compared to 2021 through active well management to shut in wells during capacity constraint events.

Having made significant progress in addressing routine flaring, our future focus will shift to non routine and safety flaring.

These sources of flaring present economic challenges due to the dispersed nature of the assets.

We will continue to review viable options to reduce these sources.

Medium Term Emissions Reductions (By 2030) treatment of sour gas, flare capture and de bottlenecking.

Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative, a voluntary, public private emissions ambition.

OGMP 2.0 has emerged as a global standard for methane emissions measurement and reporting and is aimed at minimizing methane emissions from global oil and gas operations.

Our membership demonstrates our commitment to deliver on our methane reduction targets through active collaboration to accelerate industry best practices in our operations.

As part of OGMP 2.0, we plan to report methane emissions for all material sources from both operated and non operated assets according to our reporting boundaries.

In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate source level and site level measurements when estimating methane emissions from our operations.

Million Cubic Feet new medium term target to achieve a near zero methane emissions intensity by 2030.

Flaring for safety reasons, non routine flaring or flaring gas other than associated gas is not included as part of the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring Initiative.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202264Climate as 1.5kg CO2e BOE or approximately 0.15% of natural gas produced.

The company has already progressed toward meeting this target over the past several years.

We are one of more than 100 companies a combined impact of lowering GHG emissions intensity participating in The Environmental Partnership, by roughly 9 19% as we increase production from assets a coalition of natural gas and oil companies focused on accelerating environmental performance improvements from operations across the United States.

The partnership prioritizes managing methane emissions and aligns with our focus on emissions reductions and high environmental standards.

In April 2023, we strengthened our target to 50 60% reduction by 2030 from a 2016 baseline.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 gross operated and net equity emissions.

Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and emissions intensity calculations directly measure our performance and help us understand climate related risk.

Lower intensity assets are more resilient to policy, legal, technology and market risk.

The target includes emissions that are related to production and excludes emissions from our aviation and polar tankers fleets.

This may give rise to small differences between the intensity we report for our GHG target purposes and the intensity we report for our annual metrics.

Over the past five years, this difference has been less than 2%, or 1 kg CO2e BOE.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202265Climate In 2022, our total gross operated GHG emissions were approximately 16.0 million tonnes, a 14% reduction compared to 2021.

The disposition of our Indonesia asset and some smaller Permian dispositions contributed to a decrease in absolute emissions in 2022.

In addition, we implemented various emissions reduction measures across our assets during 2022, including reductions in flaring and installation of drill site fuel meters.

This corresponds to a lower target related net equity Reduction 20 intensity of 28.5 kg CO2e BOE compared to 2021.

About 55% of our net equity emissions are from non operated assets.

Because we approach net zero as a shared challenge, we look to influence our joint operating partners’ climate risk strategies and GHG targets and align our emissions reduction activity.

We engage with our major operating partners to align on approaches to managing climate related risk.

MACC process to collect potential GHG emissions reduction projects from our business units, prioritize them based on their cost and reduction volume, and implement the most cost effective projects.

The MACC plots the breakeven cost of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reduction, considering capital and operating cost, and the potential increased through the MACC process with Low Carbon Technologies team colleagues, BUs were able to embed emissions reduction efforts within their budgets and long range plans (LRPs).

Our goal is to allow innovation, flexibility and accountability at the local level while providing support, guidance and oversight from corporate peers.

This approach allows BUs to reprioritize and adjust within their budgets to account for regulatory and or technology changes while maintaining consistency in process.

This enhances our company’s competitive advantage in playing a vital role through the energy transition.

In 2022, ConocoPhillips spent about 150 million to support emissions that can be reduced.

Sustainable reduction: Reduces emissions permanently.

These projects address improvements relating to venting and flaring, electrification, process optimization, efficiency, and include strategic pilots and studies.

Scalability: Can be scaled up to provide additional we prioritized methane and flaring projects in support of our emissions reductions. near term methane and flaring initiatives.

Technology readiness: Systems and processes proven to.

Methane venting: Eliminate gas driven pneumatics and reduce emissions by the forecasted amount. modify facilities to reduce gas venting.

Repeatability: Can be replicated in other business units.

Flaring: Incorporate vapor recovery units at facilities.

Electrification: Reduce combustion needs on drilling and emissions with a low breakeven cost of up to 60 tonne completions electrify operations and pursue renewable.

CO2e, as well as projects that anticipate forthcoming regulatory changes.

By prioritizing and confirming projects energy sources conduct basin wide electrification study in the Permian.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202268Climate Optimization and efficiency: Streamline facilities, tanks the bar, the higher the breakeven cost of carbon.

When and equipment improve waste heat utilization, insulation considering the cost of carbon, projects below the and power distribution.

The width of the bar indicates the annual emissions existing emissions control equipment while improving savings that would occur should the project be undertaken operating efficiency.

Output from the MACC informs our annual budget, LRP and reduction projects across our global operations selected technology strategy. through this program.

Scope 1 and 2 reduction activities and MACC projects are breakeven cost of carbon.8 Projects above the line are not described in the following section.

The marginal abatement cost curve below shows current estimates of emissions reductions and breakeven cost of carbon of projects sanctioned for 2022 on a gross operated basis.

First, we conduct LDAR surveys as required by NSPS Subpart OOOOa and other state regulatory frameworks.

Second, we utilize various innovative technologies that go above and beyond those required by regulations.

These innovative technologies are deployed at selected assets with the intent of evaluating and understanding their limitations and advantages.

LDAR programs offered through industry organizations, trade associations and joint partnerships.

Examples of technologies currently in use are summarized below.

Drone mounted technology has proven effective in detecting and locating the source of leaks due to their low altitude capabilities.

We have also utilized airplanes and helicopters with mounted sensors to fly over facilities to detect leaks.

If leaks are suspected, operations personnel follow up to verify and repair.

Airplane sensors can detect smaller leaks, but our experience indicates that their effectiveness at pinpointing exact locations can be diminished in areas where other facilities are in close proximity.

ConocoPhillips has worked with Scientific Aviation and Bridger Photonics to fly fixed wing aircraft carrying detection technology over our Lower 48 assets.

We have also contracted with LeakScout to periodically fly helicopters equipped with OGI cameras around select sites.

This program has also proven effective in identifying leaks.

Informal Inspections ConocoPhillips personnel visit sites as part of their routine detecting leaks, they do require personnel following up with hand held OGI cameras to identify the exact location of the duties or in response to operational issues at the sites.

They leaks and the equipment involved, after which we conduct identify anomalous operating conditions that may contribute repairs and ensure mitigation was successful.

We conduct formal AVO inspections to identify potential leaks at sites where regulatorily required.

On most other sites where not regulatorily required, we perform these inspections periodically on a voluntary basis.

Satellite based detection technology is another large scale leak detection option.

However, it has limitations in areas where facilities are located within close to proximity to one another.

An additional drawback has been the inability to identify small to medium leaks.

Recently launched satellites are showing promise to provide better imaging and allowing more frequent monitoring of specific facilities.

Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) Camera Inspections We perform periodic inspections at sites using OGI cameras where required by NSPS OOOOa regulations.

In addition, at sites not subject to NSPS OOOOa regulations, we conduct periodic OGI inspections on a voluntary basis.

In addition to the above LDAR methods either required by or based on regulatory requirements, ConocoPhillips continues to pilot and utilize innovative methods of monitoring, including some airborne and ground based systems.

The pilot programs and deployments of innovative technologies discussed below are not used for regulatory purposes.

For example, we are joining a beta testing program for Environmental Defense Fund’s MethaneAir, a precursor to MethaneSat, their satellite to be launched next year using the same detection technology.

Continuous Monitoring Systems: Metal Oxide based SOOFIE Sensors ConocoPhillips has implemented systems to monitor for leaks on a continuous basis.

Aviation and Qube Technologies, and other vendors, to test continuous methane monitoring devices at select Lower 48 facilities to further enhance early detection and response capabilities.

Elevated methane concentrations detected by the sensors are of multiple facilities at a time.

Airborne systems are an analyzed by an automated system that considers details such established way of screening emissions from an entire facility, as equipment location, distance, wind speed and direction to a group of facilities or a wider geographic area.

Setting a methane emissions intensity target ensures continued focus on methane emissions reductions, including designing new facilities to avoid methane emissions as much as practical.

We have evaluated ways to improve well pad and central facility design to reduce GHG emissions, including emissions capture and suppression and installing vapor recovery units.

For example, in 2022 we completed dozens of projects in Permian and Bakken to retrofit vapor recovery units on existing brownfield sites to capture tank emissions and reduce flaring.

We participate in The Environmental Partnership, a coalition of about 100 oil and natural gas API member companies working to improve methane emissions management.

The program has utilized Bridger Photonics to fly aircraft at a program determined frequency over industry assets, including those of ConocoPhillips.

Eliminating gas driven pneumatic devices: Many of our greenfield designs at new facilities include devices to use supplied air instead of site gas to reduce natural gas emissions from pneumatics.

We currently have a multi year pneumatics replacement program that will retrofit up to 46,000 pneumatic devices at existing sites across.

Pneumatic device replacements are among the highest priority emissions reduction projects across the Lower 48, as they account for some of the more significant methane emissions sources and have a competitive cost of abatement.

Mexico with plans to continue to ramp up programs in other states.

Each conversion increases revenue by keeping gas in the sales line while allowing us to maintain regulatory compliance with new legislation or anticipated federal guidelines.

LDAR programs: In 2022, we conducted approximately electricity and electric equipment rather than traditional.

While this is a regulatory requirement in many areas, over 75% of the surveys were done on a voluntary basis.

These surveys continue to provide a better understanding of where leaks occur and how we can minimize fugitive emissions.

See more about detection and monitoring technology in the following section.

In addition to our reduction efforts, we have been conducting pilots of new technologies across our operations to determine effectiveness and scalability of next generation detection technologies.

For example, we have installed nearly 2,000 fixed methane monitoring devices at nearly 400 sites throughout our Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken assets.

While continuous monitoring technology has worked well to expeditiously identify and mitigate leaks, that technology is not used for regulatory measurement purposes at this time.

In Canada, we installed emissions monitors on a drilling rig to actively monitor diesel fuel consumption, natural gas consumption and engine loads, increasing accuracy of emissions measurement on the rig.

The rig was then outfitted with a battery and natural gas generators to reduce GHG emissions and operate the rig at reduced fuel costs.

Battery backup can also double as temporary engine replacement, necessitating one less engine to be online.

We continue to progress toward our target of zero routine flaring by 2025.

A desired outcome of OGMP 2.0 is that in the loop completions, central gas gathering systems and vapor future, measurement based information can be incorporated recovery units.

We direct condensate to sales pipelines and into methane emissions calculations.

Level 3 with line of sight to Level 4.9 Reporting through OGMP improve uptime through operational excellence (a major focus for all our operating facilities).

We do not routinely flare due to pipeline constraints in the Lower 48 or anywhere else in the portfolio.

Project examples include: prioritize our efforts to have the maximum impact on reducing our emissions footprint.

EU focused guidance could be translated and applicable to a U.S. context.

EU energy companies tend to have more concentrated facilities, while U.S. companies operate thousands of wells over large geographic areas, often with operators interspersed.

EU joint ventures are typically associated with a single large asset involving wells and associated infrastructure, typically including only a few large shareholders.

In contrast, U.S. development typically occurs at a single well level and can involve many partners, some with small interest.

In 2022, the Bakken operations team focused on MACC projects to reduce routine flaring.

Projects focused on treatment of sour gas, flare capture, de bottlenecking and auto curtailment when offtake is restricted.

The execution of these projects resulted in a year over year reduction of associated gas flaring by more than 60%.

In the Bakken, sour gas treatment projects had the largest impact on flare reduction.

Sour gas that does not meet pipeline sales specifications will typically be flared or curtailed.

Successful treatment has allowed gas to be marketed.

We have also implemented production deferral practices when offtake is constrained, and we are progressing field wide deployment of gas capture technologies.

As of year end 2022, these projects allowed treatment and sales of 5 million cubic feet of gas per day, reducing flared gas volumes.

Many of the initiatives developed in the Bakken are being technologies in Alaska, including continuous monitoring.

A 2022 example, in Alaska we began a project in 2021 to install fuel meeting of asset managers and operational leaders flow meters on existing Kuparuk drill site heaters to more established alignment on standards for routine and accurately calculate emissions from pre combustion fuel gas.

Level 3 includes reporting of emissions by detailed source type Level 4 layers company specific emissions factors Level 5, the gold standard, includes measurement at the site or facility level and reconciliation with Level 4 estimates.

Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) Innovation Plus consortia feedback signal to the flare blower’s speed controller.

This to encourage widespread deployment of the technology improves combustion of flare gases by allowing for continual throughout Canada’s oil sands.

In response to lower oil air adjustment, ultimately resulting in CO2 abatement.

Our Eagle Ford team is working to convert some gas assisted flares to air assist where economically feasible at large central facilities and individual well sites.

Decommissioning tanks and flares is another approach being taken to reduce overall field flaring.

In parts of the Delaware Basin, we have built and operate our own gathering system, which enables more flexibility and connections to multiple third party processors.

We have also developed and implemented facility design changes to reduce flaring from tanks.

We use Andium cameras to monitor flares at some sites.

These cameras provide visual observation of flares that can be monitored at centralized locations, providing quick notice of any anomalous flaring events.

BU developed a new co injection alternative, NCG Lite, to allow for the continued injection of NCG during curtailment without the need to install additional infrastructure.

We are also piloting multilateral well technology including innovative drilling and completion methods and thermal junction technology in existing vertical wellbores to increase production from a single surface location.

This approach reduces surface footprint and provides increased bitumen production without additional steam injection, thereby reducing GHG emissions intensity and operating costs.

These projects have benefited from financial support provided through Emissions Reduction Alberta (ERA).

In the North Sea, we are working on multiple measures to transformation to a low carbon economy. reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the Greater Ekofisk Area.

Instead of gas being flared, it will now be sold to the European market.

Project (REOP), reducing CO2 emissions from the pipeline compressor by 24,000 tonnes per year.

Reducing the GHG emissions intensity of our oil sands operations continues to be a priority for our Canada operations.

At rigs in Eagle Ford and Permian, we have implemented solutions using batteries and load matching to reduce diesel usage and the associated emissions.

These battery systems allow the rigs to run the diesel driven power generators 50% less while also reducing trucking in the area.

An early feasibility assessment is proposed to install a two phase flashing liquid expander within the liquefaction section of a single train at APLNG.

This will enable more efficient cooling and generation of excess electricity.

It will also improve the energy efficiency of the liquefaction process, producing more LNG for the same compression reduce steam requirements and improve thermal efficiency, reduce GHG emissions intensity and enhance incremental power.

At the Teesside Oil Terminal, we are working on various emissions intensity.

The technology can be applied to almost emissions saving projects such as stabilization train any steam assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) operation, convection bank cleaning, steam boilers burner management resulting in GHG intensity reductions of approximately 20 30%.

Further, we have installed flow control devices on SAGD change out, in addition to a number of different energy producer and injector wells with steam block capabilities to saving ideas.

Crude oil charge pump electrical drive change further reduce SOR and reduce shut in occurrences.

We are evaluating a focused range of renewable energy projects, concentrating on projects that can provide power directly to our facilities to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

We are evaluating opportunities to use power from the grid, waste gas generators or alternative energy.

We expect that dual fuel capabilities and electric power solutions for drilling and hydraulic fracturing will be viable technologies to lower operational emissions by replacing diesel usage with field gas or compressed natural gas (CNG) while improving productive time by reducing maintenance and generating more usable horsepower.

Delaware Basin, with a project currently under construction.

The project includes a miles long electrified conveyor belt with the potential to reduce emissions, truck count and traffic incidents.

The four year contract will ensure supply of the highest quality product in the market and yield logistics savings by 2026.

Our operations in Bohai Bay, China are powered by fuel gas from associated natural gas production from developed fields.

The asset will increasingly face a fuel gas shortage by the mid 2020s, increasing operating costs due to the need to purchase natural gas at local market rates.

Rather than relying solely on diesel fuel to power operational emissions reductions.

In 2022, in Eagle Ford, we successfully converted a hydraulic fracturing fleet to use field gas, reducing diesel consumption and lowering our emissions footprint.

Natural gas reciprocating engines power the e frac fleet, leading to emissions reductions of more than 30% compared to a conventional diesel fleet.

Building localized offshore wind turbines specific to the asset.

Developing shallow gas fields to increase supply to power operations.

Installing a transformer station and subsea cables tying into CNOOC’s regional offshore power grid that connects to onshore power facilities.

The Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) facility on Curtis Island, generation for our operations in the Permian Basin.

Storage System (BESS) to function as power backup in the long term load demand for the Permian Basin as well as case of electricity generator failure.

Currently APLNG is impacts to the grid and upgrades that may be required if the powered by gas turbine generators (GTGs) with one spare basin was to fully electrify.

GTG running in reserve in the event another fails.

A BESS engaged on infrastructure and electrification solutions with would replace the spare GTG and act as the reserve several other Permian operators representing about 40% of electricity generator.

We also seek emissions reduction opportunities with our pilot to connect an electrolyzer to a fuel gas inlet pipe to supply chain partners.

In the Permian, for example, our generate and supply hydrogen to mix with fuel gas.

Different completions group partnered with a sand supplier to electrolyzer technologies may be trialed throughout the change the proppant delivery and logistics business in the pilot program.

While operational emissions reductions will drive our progress toward our net zero emissions ambition, ultimately offsets are likely to be required to mitigate residual, hard to abate emissions.

Leveraging know how from our experience in the compliance offset market, we have designed a flexible strategy to develop and purchase voluntary offsets, beginning in 2022.

This strategy includes developing a diversified portfolio of offsets from third party projects and funds, as well as considering our own offset projects.

Our preference will be projects in countries and regions in which we operate or have land holdings.

While we do not anticipate the need to utilize offsets to achieve our medium term targets and did not retire any voluntary offsets in 2022, we are investing now to build a bank of offsets for potential use and retirement in the future.

Taking a landscape approach, the NBCF looks to invest in nature based solutions projects that restore and conserve nature in developing economies.

This provides long lasting and verified positive impacts for biodiversity and communities and offers investors the carbon credits it procures.

As of December 2022, implementation had already begun in three of the six countries.

In addition to our investment in NBCF, we are separately supporting offset projects in Mexico aimed at improved forest management for future offset issuance.

Nature based: relating to forestry and land use, wetlands, by identifying and prioritizing viable abatement options. agricultural improvements and grasslands or soil.

It also conceptualizes how we intend to fulfill our longer enrichment.

Technology based: relating to energy efficiency, fuel switching, abandoned well management, waste disposal and fugitive emissions reductions.

The evaluation criteria for these projects emphasize the need for durability of the reductions or removals and leakage minimization, as well as community, conservation and biodiversity co benefits to create and increase commercial value for the projects beyond our net zero operational emissions ambition. term targets through planning, fostering technological advancements and partnering with peers and external stakeholders to explore pilot projects that could abate challenging operational emissions.

The company’s net zero roadmap, like our scenario planning, is a tool that describes a possible pathway leading to a particular outcome.

It is intended to be an illustrative example of how we intend to reach our net zero operational emissions ambition.

We have initiated investments which will bank credits for and or technology changes, and future long term plans that future use in our offsets registry accounts, such as Verra’s are subject to adjustment).

Verified Carbon Standard and the American Carbon Registry.

BUs will also identify technology solutions for hard to abate emissions.

Prioritize pilot projects and tests of emerging technologies to address our most significant needs.

Enhance the tools and processes we use to prioritize, execute and track our emissions reduction efforts. and pilot new methods to reduce and accelerate emissions.

As part of the net zero roadmap, our Lower 48 business reductions.

When rolled up, these BU roadmaps will inform unit, for example, is implementing an ambitious emissions our technology development, operations and engineering reduction strategy.

For greenfield projects, we are targeting teams, along with our development staff, where to direct low emissions design concepts with a focus on pneumatics, efforts today, while allowing us to forecast and prioritize vapor controls for tanks, flaring and electric compression.

Empower each BU to progress initiatives specific to its needs.

For brownfield assets, retrofit projects targeting these same emissions sources are being executed for completion by the end of the decade.

In addition, the Lower 48 BU intends to expand electrical infrastructure as needed in areas to support increasing grid connectivity of operations.

Leverage the marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) more about the Lower 48 Emissions Reduction Strategy. process to assess viability and prioritize projects.

Promote collaboration between BUs on projects which are scalable or transferable.

The Net Zero Operational Emissions Roadmap is intended to be an illustrative example of how we intend to reach our net zero operational emissions ambition.

Offsets are likely to be required to mitigate our residual, hard to abate emissions.

Offsets and net zero options may be pursued simultaneously.

The actual timing of deploying the actions described here may vary from the illustration.

While we recognize that end use emissions must be reduced to meet global climate objectives, it is our view that supply side constraints through Scope 3 targets for targeted Paris aligned North American and European oil and gas producers would be counterproductive in the absence of policy measures that address global demand.

Curtailed supply would be replaced with production from less accountable operators and jurisdictions to meet transition demand.

Scope 3 targets do not address demand and do not limit global production and in our view are ineffective in reducing global emissions.

Advocating for policy to address end use emissions.10.

Addressing upstream supply chain emissions by engaging with major suppliers on our Climate Risk Strategy.11.

Selectively investing in liquefied natural gas opportunities.

Developing options to invest in low carbon business opportunities in hydrogen and CCS,.

The drive of some NGO and activist investors for Scope 3 subject to economic returns that make sense targets is premised on a prescribed capital shift away from for our investors.

The Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC), for example, refers to ceasing oil and gas exploration and running existing assets down.

This approach also does not take into account the projection from Paris aligned scenarios that oil and natural gas, produced from responsible operators, will be needed in the coming decades to meet transition demand.

Scope 3 targets seek to translate a global carbon budget that is science based to broad sectoral and company allocations that are not.

The imposition of Scope 3 targets for a prescribed capital shift to phase out production that best meets actual demand is not a realistic way to address energy transition, climate change or shareholder value.

This approach provides long term shareholder value and supports an orderly energy transition that avoids large scale energy price shocks.

Other key considerations have also reinforced our rationale at ConocoPhillips not to set a Scope 3 target.

Pure play exploration and production companies do not have the opportunities to influence end use emissions that integrated oil and gas companies hold through their ownership and control over the production and sale of end use energy products.

While a sector wide reduction in demand for oil and natural sell into global markets are converted into different energy gas products is foreseen as the transition progresses, our products or selected for use by consumers.

Duplicative counting of end use emissions along the oil and natural gas value chain makes accurate accounting and credible target setting problematic.

Scope 3 emissions from refining the oil we produce are a refiner’s Scope 1 emissions.

Scope 3 emissions for the producer of the oil, the refiner and the marketer.

Likewise, our Scope 3 emissions from the combustion of natural gas at a power station would be the electricity producer’s Scope 1 emissions and our own Scope 2 emissions for electricity purchased to run our operations.

We believe that the most practical way to avoid double counting of emissions and overlap of targets is for all companies to align with the Paris Agreement and set targets for their Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

We have been clear since our first Climate Change Position in 2003 that end use emissions must be addressed to meet global climate commitments.

Climate policies along with advances in technology and consumer choice will ultimately drive demand and end use emissions.

Climate Action Partnership in 2007 and continued in 2018 when we joined the Climate Leadership Council as a founding member.

To that end, we are leading discussions around additional policy options, aligned with our principles, that address end use emissions.

Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions methodologies based on net equity production numbers.

We report the four largest categories of Scope 3 emissions that apply to our operations.

Scope 3 emissions sources include CO2, methane (as CO2e) and nitrous oxide (as CO2e) for the four material categories of Scope 3 emissions that apply to our operations.

For oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, Scope 3 emissions fall primarily into the use of sold products category.

Though we do not control how our total production is ultimately processed into consumer products, we make the conservative assumption that the majority of production is ultimately burned as fuel by end users.

We use the API Compendium GHG emissions factors for crude oil and natural gas burned as fuel.

This method accounts for all possible GHG emissions that could be associated with end use of our production.

Our assumption and method are especially conservative when the double counting issues inherent in Scope 3 estimations for an exploration and production company are taken into account.

Energy Technology Laboratory study: Life cycle analysis of natural gas extraction and power generation.

However, we also recognize the policy trend in the U.S.

We continually strive to make our operations more energy efficient.

This can provide environmental and economic benefits through lower production costs or greater sales revenue.

Through the natural decline of production, as our fields diminish in size, they tend to require either the same, or in some cases, even greater amounts of energy to extract the product for processing or refining.

Approximately 97% of our consumption was combustion of fuel for our own energy use with the remainder from purchased electricity.

We measure and report on the volume of fresh water and non fresh water withdrawn from local water sources, the volume of municipal waste water reused, and the volume of produced water that is reused, recycled, disposed or discharged after treatment.

The data are used to estimate our water intensity and exposure to water stress.

We also collect water forecast data for our Long Range Plan which enables us to test our portfolio of projects against our water risks to make better informed strategic decisions.

Indonesia) and offshore assets (Norway) was 0.03 bbl BOE.

We use the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas to assess our portfolio exposure to water stress.

Permian Midland Basin and Alaska Kuparuk assets are challenges that require local solutions.

We manage water located in basins with high or extremely high baseline water risks and mitigate potential impacts to water resources, stress and accounted for 6.3% of our total fresh water taking into account the unique hydrologic, quality, use and withdrawal and 2.4% of our total fresh water consumption ecological settings of each basin or offshore marine area.

Water related risks associated with fresh water withdrawal, high water stress the Lost Cabin Gas Plant and the majority water stress, offshore produced water discharges and of our Anadarko and Permian conventional assets were onshore produced water disposal can affect our business. divested in 2021 and 2022.

Our environmental and social performance metrics and disclosures undergo various internal and external audit, assessment and assurance processes.

We have engaged in assurance practices for our sustainability disclosures for more than a decade, and we use third party verification for external, independent, limited assurance of our metrics.

We perform reasonable assurance for GHG emissions at select operated assets where it is required by country level obtain the required information from regulatory reports.

Additionally, we calculate emissions based on asset specific emissions intensities and our equity share.

Net equity is calculated using working interest ownership for non operated international and Alaska assets.

For Lower 48 non operated assets, net equity emissions are estimated based on the combined working interest of the wells in which ConocoPhillips has interest and the BOE production of those wells compared to the total BOE production of the operating company.

Each of our BUs is responsible for quantifying emissions and reporting the information to our corporate center for compilation and internal quality assurance.

Australia: The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting.

British Columbia, Canada: Greenhouse Gas Industrial regulatory reporting threshold is lower.

Norway: Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading Act of 17 measurements and calculations is assessed internally by our.

December 2004. corporate Environmental Assurance group.

We report GHG emissions on both a gross operated and net equity basis.

United Kingdom: UK Emissions Trading Scheme established through the Greenhouse Gas Emissions.

United States: 40 CFR 98 Subparts C, MM, PP, UU, which ConocoPhillips owns greater than or equal to 20%.

W, and Y. Stationary Combustion Sources Suppliers working interest or when our share of GHG emissions (based on working interest) is greater than or equal to 25,000 tonnes of CO2e per year.

We request GHG emissions data from our partners on an annual basis.

Audit group performs independent internal assurance of our non financial sustainability reporting following the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing.

The first review, completed in 2019, evaluated governance practices, control processes, risk management and metrics reporting practices.

Internal Audit also provided limited assurance over the 2022 environmental and social disclosures before issuance of this year’s Sustainability Report.

Based on these assessments, an implementation plan will be developed to define the actions, timeline and resources required to move to a global level of reasonable assurance, with consideration for proposed regulatory disclosure requirements and timelines.

We want to execute our plan at a pace that is manageable for the business and positions us well for potential future compliance obligations.

Historically, we have sought third party limited assurance related risk disclosures relative to those already in place of GHG emissions data annually and assurance of other for financial disclosures.

This exercise included conducting environmental performance measures every three years.

Beginning with the 2021 Sustainability Report, however, used to report Scope 1 and 2 emissions and comparing those we expanded the scope of external assurance beyond against proposed regulatory requirements.

GHG emissions data to include limited assurance of all conducting a gap assessment between proposed SEC governance, climate and human capital disclosures, as well rules and our current climate related disclosures in public as water and biodiversity metrics.

The limited assurance filings and reports such as our Proxy Statement, 10 K and assessment covered qualitative and quantitative measures.

After a successful pre assurance readiness review functionally within ConocoPhillips to evaluate how to best conducted in 2022 for 2021 data, we further expanded the manage the broadening governance of ESG disclosures and scope of our reporting assurance to include third party leverage skill sets gained through designing and maintaining limited assurance of all sustainability disclosures and financial assurance processes.

We plan to continue this scope annually going forward.

We continue to advance our internal processes and controls, and evaluate methods to continuously improve the quality, consistency and transparency of our GHG data in order to meet external expectations and evolving regulatory requirements.

See our most recent ERM CVS Assurance Statement and read more about our internal quality assurance and third party verification.

Since 2003, we have participated in the annual CDP survey.

The survey collects a wide range of information concerning companies’ efforts to manage climate related issues effectively and drive emissions reductions.

Over time we plan to elevate assurance of our Scope 1 performance.

The quality and quantity of audit evidence required by the third party provider for limited assurance, however, is less than what would be expected for reasonable assurance.

Testing procedures are less extensive with more limited recalculation and verification of data.

External engagement is important to understanding the issues and challenges relating to climate and the evolution of policy development.

Taking part in global legislation and regulation development.

Engaging with stakeholders, including investors, on climate related risks.

Working within industry groups to advance sector wide net zero solutions.

We actively work with different organizations and associations around the world to enhance our understanding of the issues and trends facing our industry and company.

The benefits we receive from trade and industry associations range from best practice sharing to technical standard setting and issue advocacy.

We do not always agree with all positions taken by the organizations that we work with.

For example, we may not always be fully aligned with the positions they take on climate change or regulatory reform.

In these cases, we make our views known and seek to influence their policy positions.

We have strong governance around our association activities and annually report on trade association memberships with dues more than 50,000.

We are members or sponsors of external groups that support our efforts to manage climate related risks.

In 2021, Ipieca clarified its purpose on providing best practice guidance on GHG emissions monitoring, reporting and management to improve industry performance.

ConocoPhillips is aligned with Ipieca in its efforts to bring together members of industry to knowledge share on GHG reduction efforts.

Change (IPCC) and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and provides Ipieca members with reliable and timely information about these and other international processes dealing with climate change.

Improve knowledge of interactions among human and natural Earth systems, with a focus on climate and energy, and of the forces that drive global change.

Prepare quantitative analyses of global change risk and its social and environmental consequences.

Provide independent assessments of potential responses to global risks, through emissions mitigation and anticipatory adaptation, contributing to improved understanding of these issues among other analysis groups, policymaking communities and the public.

Augment the pool of people needed for work in this area science and policy discussions, engaging with international by the education of graduate and undergraduate students governmental bodies and other stakeholders.

It is not an in relevant disciplines of economic and Earth science advocacy body and does not engage in lobbying on climate analysis and methods of policy assessment.

Net Zero Business Alliance: Initiative from the Bipartisan scientists and policy analysts supports this mission, with.

Policy Center to bring together business leaders and their efforts coordinated through the maintenance and frame an affirmative and pragmatic approach in the application of a set of analytical frameworks that integrate climate solutions debate and subsequently engage the various components of global system change and with governments (as a group and directly) to advance potential policy response.

IHS Markit, now part of S P Global, hosts forums where member companies can discuss global climate change and clean energy research and its implications for policy.

They provide a wide range of research products to ensure that an aggressive climate strategy that is grounded in engineering, commercial and economic realities.

Natural Gas Initiative: Program led by Stanford the world.

University researchers with participation from industry, government, inter governmental organizations and foundations.

External engagement and collaboration remain an area of focus for us because the energy transition will require joint efforts to achieve meaningful emissions reductions and evolve policy solutions.

World Bank Zero Routine Flaring by 2030: Initiative that aims to achieve consistency among efforts by governments, the oil and gas sector and development institutions to address routine flaring.

The Environmental Partnership: Coalition of about 100 oil and natural gas companies working to improve methane emissions management.

E P Net Zero Principles Roundtable: Facilitated by.

Ceres, a small group of financial sector stakeholders, E P oil and gas companies and NGOs, seeking to define what it means to be a Paris aligned E P company. quantification technologies.

Pathways Alliance: Program that includes Canada’s Oil.

Sands Pathways to Net Zero Initiative, which is an alliance of Canada’s top oil sands operators working toward achieving net zero operational GHG emissions by 2050.

ConocoPhillips was one of COSIA’s founding members.

Climate Leadership Council (CLC): International policy institute to promote a carbon dividends framework in the U.S.

Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC): Global voluntary partnership to share and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing policies.

National Petroleum Council: Advisory Committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy.

Emissions Across the Value Chain, a multi stakeholder effort aimed at delivering recommendations on ways to reduce the GHG footprint of natural gas.

Commission, the Environmental Defense Fund and 100 oil and gas companies.

OGMP 2.0 has emerged as a globally recognized initiative for methane emissions measurement and reporting and is aimed at minimizing methane emissions from global oil and gas operations.

We are committed to improving the transparency of our methane emissions reporting and delivering on our methane reduction objectives and targets by collaborating with industry peers to accelerate best practices in our operations.

In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate source level and site level measurements when estimating methane emissions from our operations.

The Veritas program is an effort among academics, environmental groups, certification organizations and oil and gas operators to develop new tools to assess and verify measurement informed methane emissions.

Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability advocacy organization, facilitated collaboration among a small group of financial sector stakeholders, E P companies and NGOs.

They worked to define what it means to be a Paris aligned E P company.

Recognizing the segment has limited opportunities to diversify its business model, the collaboration focused on solutions for reaching net zero emissions that also meet transition demand.

We signed on to OGMP 2.0 and Veritas simultaneously as the emissions reductions, including protocols for methane two frameworks have the potential to operate in tandem.

Our intensity, measurements to inform emissions inventories, joint participation is an effort to influence the pace of action reconciliation of emission factor inventories with actual on methane emissions across the whole industry, not just measurements, supply chain summation to aggregate at ConocoPhillips.

Our advocacy and lobbying are aligned with our focus on reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and supporting sensible policies that reduce Scope 3 emissions.

ConocoPhillips believes a well designed pricing regime on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the global economy, and we continue to advocate for policies aligned with our carbon pricing principles as well as effective and efficient regulatory actions.

Agreement, which include limiting the rise of global average temperatures well below 2 degrees Celsius, as reflected in our Paris aligned ambition to be a net zero operational emissions company by 2050.

Bank to share and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing policies.

Participation in the CPLC further demonstrates our commitment to carbon pricing and is complementary to our engagement with the CLC.

In addition to our work with the CLC and CPLC, we also recognize the policy trend in the U.S. toward a regulatory approach to emissions reductions, and we advocate for effective and efficient regulations and legislation to advance economic incentives and reduce GHG emissions.

Supporting development of alternative carbon pricing mechanisms including some sector specific programs, which if developed for multiple sectors and combined with a World Trade Organization compliant Border.

Lobbying to support balanced and cost effective overall risks associated with climate.

Since we published regulations aimed at directly reducing methane emissions our first global climate change position in 2003, we have from new and existing oil and gas sources.

Supporting the advancement of alternative transportation and power generation as a member of the Fuel Cell and.

Supporting the robust development of a voluntary offsets.

Emissions Trading Association (IETA) and advocating policy institute founded in collaboration with business and via IETA and other trades in support of the further environmental interests to promote a carbon dividends development of a voluntary carbon market.

CLC provides an opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our principles.

Carbon Dividends (AFCD), the education and advocacy branch of the CLC, which focuses on progressing the bipartisan Baker Shultz Carbon Dividends Plan.

Our company leadership consistently engages with members of Congress and the administration to express support for that plan.

Leading the U.S. National Petroleum Council study on.

Natural Gas GHG Emissions Across the Value Chain, including making policy recommendations at the national level.

Evaluating implementation rules of the Inflation Reduction.

Act of 2022 to enhance investment economics of several low carbon technology projects.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202285Climate The National Petroleum Council, a federal advisory committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy, is conducting a study on natural gas GHG emissions to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of different approaches, individually and in combination, which could reduce and or offset GHG emissions across the natural gas value chain up to the end user.

Ryan Lance is the private sector chair of the Study Committee, and ConocoPhillips is managing the study process, which is expected to be completed in early 2024.

The study may identify reduction opportunities from technology investments, market mechanisms, and policy and regulatory measures.

The study will also evaluate ways to reduce natural gas GHG emissions, including methane, CO2 from operations, and emissions attributed to flared natural gas, while valuing meaningful engagement with people and civic groups.

Under most energy scenarios there is a demand for natural gas as a primary energy source, and the purpose of this study is to provide recommendations for simultaneously addressing affordability, energy security, and decarbonization to reduce the natural gas GHG footprint.

We have also demonstrated strong engagement with major innovation and industry initiatives to reduce emissions from trade associations to advance climate policy positions that energy production, transportation and use by society.

We include support for a market based approach to reduce GHG are active in many API committees that can also involve or emissions.

To this end, we have shown successful leadership address climate related issues, and we work to contribute that has yielded positive results and progress within the our perspective in alignment with our positions and actions.

Our advocacy further addresses methane and flaring regulation, clean fuel or power standards, and sector specific regulations based on carbon intensity benchmarks.

Publicly communicating our governance processes and the depth of our advocacy efforts is a crucial component of our outreach in addressing stakeholder concerns.

We also work with our trade associations to drive alignment with our climate change position.

Climate Change Group addresses climate change issues affecting the U.S. exploration and production sector of the oil and natural gas industry.

Metrics Framework and Template, and its position on methane regulations.

Most trade organizations in which we participate have climate change positions that align with ours.

Within API’s Climate Committee, for example, we work work with them to better align their position with ours.

For with peers to address climate change issues affecting example, we have worked to influence API, BRT, the U.S. the U.S. oil and natural gas industry.

Chamber of Commerce and other organizations to support the development of API’s Climate Position, Climate Policy the direct federal regulation of methane.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202286Climate specific actions requested by a trade organization if their positions were not aligned with ours.

We have also decided not to renew some memberships because of misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is climate change.

Read more about our alignment with our associations regarding climate change.

Read more about public policy governance and major trade association memberships.

Climate change is a global issue which requires global solutions.

Economy wide governmental GHG management frameworks should be linked to binding international agreements comprising the major GHG contributors.

In the absence of a carbon price in the U.S., the economy wide direct regulation of methane would be effective.

Incorporates cost effective innovations in technology.

Recognize that climate change is a global issue which requires global solutions.

Result in the stabilization of global GHG atmospheric diverse and secure supply of affordable energy and avoid concentrations.

This must create a level competitive playing field among energy sources and between countries and encourage efficient use of energy.

Coordinate with energy policy to ensure a diverse and secure supply of affordable energy.

Utilize market based mechanisms rather than technology mandates.

Create a level, competitive playing field among energy government and private sector investment in energy research and development and match the pace at which new technology can be developed and deployed. sources and between countries.

Avoid overlapping or duplicating existing energy and climate change programs.

Provide long term certainty for investment decisions. stabilization of global GHG atmospheric concentrations and foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate.

Promote government and private sector investment in energy research and development.

Match the pace at which new technology can be certainty for investment decisions and avoid undue harm to developed and deployed. the economy.

Foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate. principles.

Demand side emissions reduction efforts are required for climate goals to be achieved because supply side constraints alone would be ineffective in reducing global emissions.

ConocoPhillips believes a well designed pricing regime on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to reduce GHG emissions across the global economy and, in particular, to address Scope 3 end use emissions.

A revenue neutral carbon tax that is transparent, predictable and cost effective to administer would be an effective policy option.

It should result in some relief via the elimination of other laws and regulations aimed at reducing or controlling carbon and other GHG emissions.

Carbon pricing policy should support the implementation of currently economic emissions reduction projects and provide support for innovation to encourage the development of currently uneconomic projects.

A price on carbon would also provide a stable and predictable market signal that would impact investment flows and end user choices in a manner that minimizes adverse local economic and social impacts of an energy transition.

We advocate for carbon pricing directly through engagement with government legislators and regulators in all jurisdictions in which we operate, and indirectly via collaboration with trade associations that are aligned with our strategy.

Council (CLC), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to promote a carbon dividends framework as the most cost effective, equitable and politically viable climate solution in the U.S.

Participation in the CLC provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our principles.

We also belong to and fund Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD), the education and advocacy branch of the CLC.

We support and are advocating for a carbon price contingent upon four pillars: a gradually increasing carbon price, carbon dividends for all Americans, border carbon adjustments and regulatory simplification.

Initiative (VCMI), a platform for encouraging net zero aligned participation in a voluntary carbon market.

API, we worked with the architects of the VCMI to develop an inclusive framework and create space for future dialogues as carbon markets develop.

We have been actively engaged in climate related discussions with policy makers and stakeholders since our first global climate change position was published in 2003.

Plans, set an emissions intensity target, integrated carbon restricted scenarios into our strategic planning process and published carbon tax principles.

Predictable: The application of a carbon tax and the tax rate may be adjustable when necessary, but such adjustments should be infrequent and should be limited to those designed to achieve the broader environmental goal should meet the following principles: of the tax legislation.

Economy wide: A carbon tax designed to fix and impose.

Cost effective administration: Existing channels of a price should apply as broadly across the economy as administratively practicable.

Non discriminatory: GHG emissions alone should form the basis of taxation.

A carbon tax should not pick winners and losers among industries or emissions sources or discriminate in providing subsidies to energy sources.

Uniform: A carbon tax should apply to all GHG emissions at the same rate on a units of carbon dioxide equivalent basis using the IPCC standard 100 year global warming potential.

Where actual emissions cannot be measured, best efforts based upon sound science should be used as an estimate.

Globally competitive: A country specific carbon tax rate should be set in accordance with existing taxation channels and emissions reporting systems and be adjusted to ensure global competitiveness.

Depending on the point of taxation chosen, carbon tax legislation should include a border adjustment mechanism or other attributes designed to mitigate competitive disadvantages to host country industry when competing in global.

Transparent: To most efficiently incentivize changes markets.

If a point is chosen further upstream, a system of credits or other mechanisms should be designed to eliminate (or prevent) taxation of emissions applicable to taxable products sequestered downstream of the.

Revenue recycling: A carbon tax should be revenue neutral and used in such a way as to minimize economic impact.

Compliance flexibility: A federal carbon tax should include multiple options for compliance, including offset credits from a broad range of jurisdictions, cash payments point of taxation and to those used as feedstocks for the or flexible compliance frequency. manufacture of products in which GHGs are stored.

Avoid double taxation: A federal carbon tax should preempt state, provincial and local carbon taxes and renewable production tax credits.

Provide regulatory relief: A federal carbon tax should replace all environmental laws and regulations that are intended to reduce or control carbon and other GHG emissions.

Action Plan to systematically address climate change risk.

Our approach to public policy engagement on climate change has evolved.

In June 2009, the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 (HR2454) (Waxman Markey) bill passed the House of Representatives.

Legislative Action was considered influential in the design of the legislation, we had serious concerns about some of the detailed elements in the bill.

Through more direct engagement, we were successful in helping to develop draft legislation that incorporated a more equitable approach to energy sectors while maintaining environmental effectiveness.

Engaging in discussions on climate change through the International Petroleum Industry Environmental.

Institute (API), industry partners and the government to advocate for smart policy solutions.

Detailed discussion of our major engagements on regulatory and legislative issues is provided later in this section.

In 2021, we made the decision to rejoin IETA to further our advocacy for market solutions to the climate challenge.

IETA is a global carbon policy organization, and they support approach.

Their membership includes leading international companies from across the carbon trading cycle.

Collaborating with a broad range of stakeholders on effective climate change policy and GHG emissions solutions is key to solving the climate change challenge.

We have engaged the regulators throughout the rulemaking process for each proposal and provided substantial technical comments to aid in the development of workable regulations through our trade associations.

In 2014, we publicly supported the Gas Capture Plan in North continuously improve environmental performance.

Dakota, now required, which took a pro active approach to flare gas reduction.

We entered into agreements with pipeline companies to ensure the availability of gathering infrastructure necessary to reduce emissions.

Leadership Council (CLC) members to better define details of the overarching implementation plan.

That included work on topics such as carbon price escalation rates, points of taxation, regulatory backstop provisions, high energy cost region challenges and a border carbon adjustment.

Directly and through our trades we have worked to advance of that engagement are reflected in the more detailed CLC the development and deployment of carbon capture and plan released in early 2020.

We also engaged with members storage to achieve a cleaner energy profile and improve U.S. of Congress directly and through Americans for Carbon economic security.

Storage, and Reduced Emissions Act to enhance the 45Q bills to elected representatives and their staff.

The company tax credit to further incentivize carbon capture and storage remains engaged with representatives from both sides of the technology deployment in the United States.

In particular, we support the adoption of a commercially reasonable ISO standard to demonstrate secure geological storage in the context of captured carbon dioxide that gets sequestered underground for enhanced oil recovery projects.

The standard should establish criteria for transparency and assurance that carbon dioxide removal is achieved.

We also support self verification of compliance with the ISO standard given that our tax officer would attest to satisfying the requirements of 45Q under penalties of perjury.

Together this group represents the companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil sands production.

Many trade organizations we participate in have climate change positions aligned to ours.

Where they do not, we have continued to offer our viewpoint and attempt to work with them to better align their position with ours.

In addition to actively participating in trade organization position updates, we have also voted against or abstained from supporting specific actions requested by a trade organization if their positions were not aligned with ours.

We have also decided not to renew some memberships because of misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is climate change.

Executive Leadership Team and Government Affairs staff have participated in well over 100 bipartisan meetings with members of Congress and the Administration.

Our consistent, strong engagement with our major trade associations, including the API, BRT and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, has influenced their climate policy positions to include support for a market based approach to GHG emissions.

World Bank to share and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing policies.

Paris Agreement: ConocoPhillips’ greenhouse gas (GHG) our trade associations.

We believe a price on carbon is emissions reduction targets and actions are consistent the most effective, equitable method to reduce GHG with the Paris Agreement’s aim to limit the rise of global emissions, including methane, across the economy.

Leadership Council (CLC) in 2019 as a Founding Member the Paris Agreement as aligned with our own.

Addressing Methane Emissions: The most effective tool for emissions is the most effective tool to reduce greenhouse emissions reductions across the economy would be a well gas emissions across the global economy.

Carbon pricing designed federal pricing regime on carbon emissions.

In the policy should support the implementation of currently absence of a carbon pricing policy, we support enactment economic emissions reduction projects and provide support of cost effective federal methane regulations on new and for innovation to encourage the development of currently existing sources that would preserve a state’s ability to uneconomic projects.

A revenue neutral carbon tax that is adapt implementation to local conditions.

In measuring transparent, predictable and cost effective to administer alignment, we considered policies which support direct would be an effective policy option.

It should result in some regulation of methane as aligned with our own.

In measuring alignment, we considered policies which support a market based mechanism to reduce GHG emissions across the economy as aligned with our own.

In a 2019 global biodiversity assessment report, the Intergovernmental Science Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES) reported that across much of the globe, nature has been significantly altered by human activity.

The report defined five categories of impact drivers that contribute to biodiversity loss, including land and sea use change, resource use, pollution, invasive species and climate change.

Biodiversity Conference of the Parties to the U.N. Convention that reflects the expectations.

The seminal framework establishes key global country level goals and targets related to nature.

We assess and disclose nature related risks, impacts, dependencies and opportunities within a framework of governance, strategy, risk management and disclosure.

Read more about our conservation initiatives at Quail Ranch.

Committee, through the Executive Leadership Team processes.

Land or sea use change through activities and operations resulting in habitat disturbance, reduced habitat intactness and impacts on species distribution.

Pollution associated with unplanned events including water, chemical, air or other emissions releases.

Resource use through fresh water withdrawal. sources will enable us to identify assets located in or near.

In 2022, we continued exploring different ways for assessing the state of nature at our operated assets using geospatial low integrity or high importance ecosystems and support prioritization of mitigation actions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202295NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 202295 As described in Assessing and Managing Risks, we evaluate or long term (10 25 years).

Historically, nature related impacts and associated short , mid or long term depending on location and the risks broadly fall into the following categories: development stage of the asset.

Water sourcing, produced water disposal and seismicity.

The time horizons we use for nature related assessment are based on the time taken for the risk consequences to assessment process and characterized as significant or high are included in the corporate SD Risk Register.

For each risk, we track the progress of mitigation actions, identify future planned mitigation actions, action owners and action or milestone target dates.

Actions relate to specific business unit risks unless indicated as global.

Nature related risks in our 2022 SD Risk Register are summarized below.

Maintaining over 360,000 acres of voluntary conservation agreements.

Completing development reviews for ecological sensitivity.

Conducting wildlife surveys including population monitoring.

Supporting proactive conservation through bird joint ventures.

Sharing of treated produced water with other operators.

Conducting studies to identify additional produced water disposal alternatives.

Initiating research to develop and pilot technologies and processes to treat produced water for potential beneficial reuse opportunities.

Ongoing engagement with local Indigenous communities.

Initiating local priority species pressure state response assessment for global operated assets.

Engaging with organizations developing nature related frameworks, metrics and targets.

Completing assessment of alignment and gaps for evolving nature disclosure recommendations.

We identify ecosystem services, or dependencies, for each operated asset as well as for local communities in fresh water withdrawal, water stress, offshore produced water discharges and onshore produced water disposal can lead to business risks through: the vicinity of our activities and operations.

Restricting access to water supply, exploration or ecosystem services for operations and communities operational areas resulting in project delays or business including: interruption.

Regulating services including flood and storm mitigation.

Cultural services such as recreation, spiritual value and education.

We also identify opportunities during the risk assessment process which are mitigation actions designed to avoid, minimize or restore impacts consistent with the mitigation hierarchy.

Opportunities are implemented to mitigate nature related risks at the business unit level or as a strategic corporate priority.

Limiting production techniques such as hydraulic fracturing or restricting produced water discharge disposal to address basin level cumulative effects.

Increasing costs associated with policy changes and regulations.

Actions by investors, the financial sector and regulators including increased reporting expectations related to environmental and social performance and shareholder resolutions.

We have tested the robustness of our nature related corporate water and biodiversity strategies using plausible future states.

Nature related risks have the potential to impact our identify strengths and weaknesses of valid strategy business in several ways.

The planning considered factors including facilitates identifying those risks and enables determining biodiversity loss, exposure to water stress and the evolution the potential consequence severity, likelihood and timing of regulations or expectations from regulators, investors and of occurrence of each.

Impacts to biodiversity, habitats, the financial industry.

Our Long Range Plan (LRP) forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering our proposed portfolio development and performance, production, costs and cash flows.

We also use the LRP to forecast GHG emissions and water use to understand our future environmental footprint.

The standard mandates developing action the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant plans for risks ranked significant or high and tracking enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational them in the corporate SD Risk Register.

Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members or senior of mitigation actions, as well as risks identified as medium, managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation continue to be tracked at the business unit and corporate activities.

Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit level.

The results of the assessment are integrated into key and Finance Committee (AFC) of the board.

The AFC receives business planning processes for the company, from business annual updates on how enterprise risk is being addressed, development activities and exploration to developing major mitigated and managed across the company.

Impacts on nature and ecosystem services considering all potentially relevant nature related physical and transition risks.

Consequence occurrence time horizon: near , mid or long term.

Potential financial consequence severity assuming cumulative impacts over a 10 year period.

Mitigation action owner, target completion and progress.

Canada: Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA),.

Northeast British Columbia Montney Operators Group.

U.S. Lower 48: National Alliance for Water Innovation,.

Developing industry leading practices, guidance and.

New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, Texas conducting benchmarking with industry organizations.

Collaborating with local and regional communities, peer companies and industry groups.

Corporate: Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Biodiversity.

In addition, we collaborated with IOGP on habitat retention strategies for decommissioned offshore jacket structures.

Alaska: North Slope Science Initiative, Bureau of Land.

Australia: Gas Industry Social Environmental Research.

We manage risks and mitigate impacts to areas in or near low integrity or high importance ecosystems through the use of the Mitigation Hierarchy.

We support habitat and species conservation through strategic and proactive conservation initiatives in collaboration with conservation partners.

The mitigation hierarchy is a decision making framework involving a sequence of four prioritized steps to mitigate adverse biodiversity impacts: avoid, minimize, restore and offset.

Some biodiversity impacts can be avoided through careful spatial or temporal placement of infrastructure or scheduling field activities outside peak migration or breeding seasons.

For more than 18 years we have funded grizzly bear research to help improve our activities and avoid human influence on bears.

We conduct aerial infrared surveys in coastal areas of the North Slope of Alaska where winter activities are planned to look for heat signatures indicative of polar bears in dens.

Ice road routes are carefully mapped out, avoiding rough terrain, cultural sites and other potentially sensitive species for North Dakota and are present throughout our asset area in McKenzie County.

Because of their importance in the North Dakota grasslands, we initiated a three year study in 2020.

The goal of the study is to gain a better understanding of sharp tailed grouse nesting, summer brood rearing and wintering habitat types, and local migration and movement patterns.

In 2022, an additional 15 female and male sharp tailed grouse were tagged with GPS transmitters, bringing the total to 60.

Preliminary results from the GPS tagging indicate grouse within the study area use a wide variety of habitats including areas in close proximity to badland and forested habitat as well as agricultural fields.

Statistical analyses are currently being worked based on the nest location and GPS data to include nesting habitat characteristics and nesting habitat resource selection model, female habitat use during the spring and summer, and male habitat use during the lekking and summer periods.

These analyses will provide the scientific input needed to determine the most effective way to avoid impacting sharp tailed grouse populations throughout their life cycle.

Learn more about our project specific approach to avoidance planning in North Dakota.

In the Permian, we identify and assess ecologically sensitive areas on company owned land in the development pre planning phase.

These sensitive areas include playa lakes, waterways (such as rivers, draws and arroyos), areas with significant plant diversity and known sensitive species habitat.

We integrate our understanding of these areas into the design of our surface development plans to areas.

In 2022, we built the equivalent of 495 acres of winter ice roads and ice pads which melted away in the summer.

Ground disturbing activity on the tundra, such as gravel placement and other construction, occurs in the winter, outside of the migratory bird breeding season.

In the Bakken area of North Dakota, we aim to design our footprint to balance protection of the existing ecosystem with current and future land uses near our operations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022100NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022100 identify options for avoiding impacts to sensitive habitats in 2012 to 0.30 in 2021, a reduction of approximately 11%. or biodiversity.

We support COSIA in the development of environmental performance indicators for in situ oil sands operators that will replace the footprint intensity reduction goal.

As part of our focus to proactively minimize footprint agreements with the U.S.

Fish Wildlife Service and or at Surmont we are participating in the COSIA EcoSeis other federal or state agencies typically require that new project.

EcoSeis focuses on the challenge of seismic data well locations and surface infrastructure avoid certain acquisition, which historically has required cutting a network species habitats or sensitive areas within those habitats.

We have enrolled approximately 700 acres in conservation and deploy geophysical survey equipment.

Texas and over 266,000 acres to protect the lesser prairie footprint.

The purpose of EcoSeis is to reduce the impacts chicken and the dunes sagebrush lizard in New Mexico.

In addition, we have enrolled more than 95,000 acres in lines.

Surmont acquiring high resolution seismic images reducing hornshell mussel.

We minimize biodiversity impacts through measures taken to reduce the duration, intensity and or extent of the footprint of our operations.

New drilling technology, data analytics techniques and integrated planning have helped reduce our infrastructure footprint and improve reservoir development efficiency through multi well pads, longer lateral wells, multi lateral wells, tankless pads and central facilities.

Norway the overall footprint by over 40% compared to using conventional seismic technology.

This phase of the EcoSeis project and additional assessment will be completed in 2024.

The Surmont Boreal Reclamation Project, a research initiative with the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre for Boreal Research, is focused on upland boreal forest reclamation techniques.

This project has demonstrated benefits to actively planting nursery stock seedlings on a previously disturbed reclamation area (in this case a soil stockpile).

In 2022, we completed field studies using glider technology development of forest canopy vegetation, and after six to assess and minimize the effects of seismic surveys growing seasons, there is evidence of progression toward a and produced water discharges at Ekofisk.

Gliders are vegetation community with typical forest attributes.

Surface gliders are about the size of a surfboard and we use gliders to conduct research and to collect data about the potential impact of activities on the marine environment and ocean life.

At the same time, the drilling radius has increased from 5,000 feet to about 22,000 feet.

Through Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA), into the design and siting of infrastructure.

ConocoPhillips Canada led the development of a goal to are elevated seven or more feet above the tundra to allow reduce the footprint intensity by 10% by 2022, measured caribou to cross underneath.

Achievements have been realized are also typically constructed 500 feet apart to further in surface infrastructure footprint optimization, improved facilitate unimpeded caribou movement.

For new projects, drilling technology and progressive reclamation.

While we place power cables on the pipeline racks to eliminate finalized 2022 data is pending, COSIA member companies the need to build overhead powerlines and to reduce bird have collectively reduced their footprint intensity from 0.34 collision hazards.

These studies are conducted by respected shorebird monitoring study started in 2009 and continued scientists with many years of experience on the North Slope.

We collaborate with the North Slope Science Initiative and which concluded in 2021.

Results indicated that population the Bureau of Land Management to share environmental trends are in response to regional effects and are unlikely reports.

Our 2022 environmental field studies focused on to be associated with the ongoing operation of the facility.

Assessments will continue to be performed where major air quality, fish and subsistence fisheries, caribou, hydrology, construction activities are undertaken. cultural resources and subsistence.

Shrinking pad size and increased drilling radius have also helped minimize the infrastructure footprint for our unconventional operations in the Lower 48.

The GIS based tool helps identify the presence of sensitive species within project development areas and tracks results of field surveys or cultural resource surveys.

When impacts and disturbance cannot be completely avoided or further minimized, we employ measures to restore the area to a stable, productive and self sustaining ecosystem through remediation or reclamation activities, considering beneficial uses of the impacted and surrounding areas.

Remediation or reclamation of disturbed areas is part of our ongoing risk management at operating facilities and includes temporary and permanent measures.

Asset retirement obligations are included in our Long Range Plan.

Alaska decision making during the planning and development process.

Our approach focuses on concentrating infrastructure in development corridors and utilizing horizontal drilling to reduce habitat fragmentation.

Our goal is to minimize impact to ecologically sensitive habitats, biodiversity or areas of hydrological significance.

A similar concept, based on utilizing centralized facilities, which reduces infrastructure footprint, land disturbance, impacts on wildlife, emissions and truck traffic is also being applied in our Bakken assets in North Dakota.

In Kuparuk, we began reclaiming gravel mine sites in the late 1970s.

We use gravel for roads and pads to provide a stable driving surface and to keep the underlying permafrost frozen.

Once the gravel resource is extracted, the mine sites undergo reclamation, returning the area to a functioning habitat.

In collaboration with the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and Alaska Department of Natural Resources we have selected gravel mine sites near streams to promote eventual flooding, creating deep over wintering fish habitat and providing fish with vital movement pathways.

In addition to local fish habitat, this reclamation approach provides habitat for nesting shorebirds and grizzly bears.

Reclamation is continuing at several North Slope gravel mine sites.

Removal and recycling of offshore platforms reduces our chemistry.

We added satellite monitoring to complement our footprint and restores marine habitat.

Since 2010 we have field based study and to minimize human impact from the removed the topsides and jackets of 15 platforms as part on the ground monitoring process.

The mangrove satellite of our offshore decommissioning activities.

For seven of monitoring includes analyzing annual high resolution and the removed platforms, we have also mapped safety zones multi spectral images back to 2006 to assess long term and removed debris, making approximately 1,400 acres of mangrove canopy trends over a wider area.

Results indicate seabed available for other users of the sea.

Debris removal the facility has not caused an impact to the surrounding around platforms removed at the Ekofisk Complex will be mangroves and the canopy circumference has increased.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022102NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022102 Caribou on Alaska’s North Slope.

In 2022, we completed the dismantling and remediation phase of Surmont’s pilot plant after 19 years as Surmont’s initial central processing facility.

The Algar Restoration Project was a COSIA initiative that operations.

We will start advancing the reclamation and aimed to restore disturbances from legacy conventional revegetation of the almost 20 acre area in collaboration with seismic lines in caribou habitat.

Our U.S. Lower 48 assets leverage strategic partnerships of the restoration work for each of the 10 sites selected by for proactive conservation with the goal of conserving the community was developed in collaboration between biodiversity and restoring habitat before they need to be representatives from the community and ConocoPhillips protected through government regulations.

The community contributed traditional knowledge and our proactive conservation achievements.

Our experts contributed expertise on innovative restoration and revegetation techniques.

When possible, we retained community vendors to implement aspects of the restoration work.

For company owned land in the Permian, we have a history of implementing stewardship programs in support of habitat restoration.

COSIA to accelerate reclamation of exploration well sites native grassland birds and wildlife, including the lesser in the Canadian boreal forest.

The Faster Forests program prairie chicken, Baird’s sparrow, ferruginous hawk, western has resulted in more than 6 million trees and shrubs being burrowing owl, swift fox, black tailed prairie dog, Texas planted on about 5,500 acres of land in the oil sands region.

The Lone Star Land Steward Awards program has biodiversity offsets to counterbalance disturbance.

Located in Upton County, Quail Ranch encompasses conservation achievement.

Combined with the existing over 90,000 acres in the Trans Pecos and Edwards Plateau conservation park, more than 59% of the island is actively ecoregions of Texas.

Read more about our conservation managed under a conservation management plan, compared initiatives at Quail Ranch.

Other Permian restoration efforts include: to just 2% used by LNG projects on the southern tip.

Completing 285 development reviews for ecological square miles in perpetuity.

Read more about the Curtis Island sensitivity, conflicts with ranch operations, and adherence.

Canada with ongoing population monitoring via remote sensing for select megafauna.

Enhancing habitat connectivity and promoting biodiversity using results from habitat assessments, including wildlife friendly fencing installation and water distribution projects to improve grazing distribution and access to water for wildlife.

Controlling noxious and invasive species, including brush control treatment of over 3,200 acres and treatment of.

In 2022, our Montney team worked with a local Indigenous community to select three sites for a habitat offset program to address a British Columbia pipeline permit requirement.

The program targeted a 4:1 offset for land disturbed in valued ecosystems as defined by the Indigenous community.

Site selection and the scope of restoration work were determined in collaboration with the local Indigenous community after field reconnaissance visits.

Three sites, covering a total area of about 16 acres, were selected for the offset program.

Reseeding over 360 acres of rights of way with locally.

Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre for Boreal Research adapted native plant species in collaboration with the West helped meet community expectations for site restoration.

Texas and Permian Basin Panhandle Native Seeds Projects.

Reclaiming and restoring decommissioned frack pits, well and battery pads, roads, surface lines and electrical infrastructure, including evaluation of effectiveness of treatments in restoring impacted areas.

The 289 acre conservation area provides a unique opportunity for the public to view the piping plover, an endangered bird species with a local population of only about 100.

Participation in programs recognizing landowners for conservation collaboration, we received the first early action efforts to provide high quality habitat for pronghorn, mule recognition from the Government of Alberta for a voluntary deer and white tailed deer. offset in 2015.

It encompasses more than 2,050 acres of wetland rich measures have been implemented, or to address a prairie, native grasslands and high value wildlife and plant regulatory requirement.

Our internal Biodiversity Offset species, including large numbers of waterfowl.

Guideline provides direction to asset teams where a biodiversity offset is a regulatory requirement or a strategic business preference.

We have implemented biodiversity offsets in several areas of our operations.

Proactive conservation describes voluntary efforts with the goal of conserving or restoring biodiversity and habitats, focusing on conservation of species primarily in the Lower 48 before they need to be protected through government regulations.

Voluntary conservation actions benefit species that are at risk to become threatened or endangered in the future as well as species already designated.

Our efforts are designed to create positive outcomes by reducing impact on biodiversity or nature and by contributing to its restoration.

Track and reduce barriers essential for migratory bird and terrestrial species survival.

Conserve and restore habitat crucial for species survival.

Aggregated from impact reports provided by proactive conservation partners over the past two decades.

Understanding and tracking wildlife migration is crucial for conserving habitats essential to species survival.

Without understanding migratory connectivity, conservation investments can often be ineffective because they are implemented at the wrong place or time, or for the wrong purpose.

Further, regulatory or policy decisions based on missing or inconclusive scientific data have the potential to negatively impact our industry.

Smithsonian Institution’s Migratory Connectivity Project.

Slope) in the first major return to pre pandemic travel and activities.

MCP deployed 171 tags on 10 bird species, the highest number of individual birds and species ever worked in a single year.

A new project builds momentum for grassland bird conservation through a range wide project involving 23 partners to study the connectivity of iconic prairie birds: Eastern and Western meadowlarks.

National Fish Wildlife Foundation’s Improving Habitat.

Program focuses on conserving habitat and restoring migration corridors needed to maintain healthy populations of pronghorn, elk and mule deer.

National Fish Wildlife Foundation (NFWF): In 2022, the.

Activities to improve and expand habitat size, connectivity to expand the Motus radio telemetry network to collect and quality.

Removing encroaching vegetation that negatively impacts grassland nesting or sage steppe habitat nesting birds.

Restoring wetland function and restoring important breeding, wintering or stopover sites. grassland bird migration data across the Great Plains and.

Working to protect key habitats for birds through support benefit estimator indicated these projects are anticipated of fee title or conservation easement acquisitions. to generate a cumulative carbon benefit of 69,000 metric.

ConocoPhillips continues to work with strategic conservation partners to help preserve and protect important habitat for species survival.

In 2022, significant progress was made to improve data sharing among conservation groups and conserving grassland and wetlands habitat.

NFWF: Pecos Watershed Conservation Initiative is dedicated to restoring and sustaining healthy rivers, streams and grasslands that provide important wildlife habitat in the Pecos River watershed and adjacent areas of New Mexico and Texas.

In 2022, 1.5 million was awarded to support nine watershed conservation projects.

In 2022, efforts continued to advance the 600 million that resulted in the restoration of over 11,000 grassland acre Central Grasslands Roadmap interactive web acres benefiting multiple avian species and improving map.

Since the to compile landscape level data pertinent to effective program’s inception in 2017, 8 million has been invested on the ground conservation efforts brings together more into 44 conservation projects.

JV8 Central Grasslands Initiative, represented by more than 63 federal, state, provincial, nonprofit and industry conservation partners, eight of the Migratory.

As the largest private owner of wetlands in Louisiana, we collaborate with Ducks Unlimited to conserve and restore wetlands habitats that threatened and endangered species depend on to live and thrive.

Through these efforts, more than 100 wetland acres were restored and over 2,900 acres benefited or were enhanced in 2022.

Preserving the land’s ability to protect and nourish the.

ConocoPhillips has supported five JV8 members, habitats of many wildlife species.

Lakes JV, Prairie Potholes JV and Rio Grande JV for many years.

Protecting seafood, maritime trade, and natural gas and oil industries.

Increasing the quality of commercial and recreational fishing.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022106NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022106 ConocoPhillips and Ducks Unlimited team members survey recent coastal restoration projects in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana.

Since 2012, these efforts have helped to restore, conserve or habitat quality and connectivity for pronghorn, black tailed enhance over 25,000 acres.

Read more about ConocoPhillips prairie dogs, western burrowing owls and other grassland conservation activities in Louisiana.

NGOs, universities and industry to conserve native resources.

Through conservation planning and collaboration rangelands for the species.

Additionally, we are co funding with partners including the Western Association of Fish a three year, landscape scale assessment project to develop and Wildlife Agencies, Borderlands Research Institute, a grassland birds conservation plan with recommendations and Caesar Kleberg Wildlife Research Institute, we have aiming to stabilize grassland bird populations and minimize restored grasslands across over 6,900 acres.

Water sourcing and produced water management are facilitated using centralized water gathering and distribution systems with strategically located recycling facilities.

Water sourcing and produced water management are global of these gathering systems.

Virtually none of our source challenges that require local solutions.

Local water risks water is transported via truck, and all of our recycled are characterized by the combination of social, regulatory, economic and environmental conditions such as water stress, which are unique to every basin or offshore marine area.

Risks are influenced by the type of operation whether we explore for or produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids or liquefied natural gas and whether we operate an unconventional reservoir or within a conventional field onshore or offshore.

Our exploration and production activities can contribute to the resource use impact driver for nature.

Water risks are managed at the BU level, enabling a tailored region specific approach.

Our water sources include fresh, non fresh, reused municipal waste water and reused recycled produced water used for drilling, enhanced oil recovery (EOR), hydraulic fracturing, steam generation for steam assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) oil sands production, natural gas and oil terminals, LNG production and domestic purposes.

SAGD steam, reused untreated for EOR, or disposed by well injection.

Produced water from offshore operations is treated prior to discharge from offshore platforms in accordance with local regulations.

We also manage waste water at our terminals for LNG production and domestic waste water for staff accommodations at remote assets.

Delaware and Midland Basins in the Permian and Bakken in the U.S. and Montney in Canada.

This recycling has both economic and environmental benefits as the use of recycled produced water reduces both the amount of water withdrawn from local sources and the amount of produced water injected for disposal.

Permian assets are located in areas with high baseline water stress, we actively pursue opportunities to use recycled produced water to frack new wells.

Delaware assets for services including water supply and delivery, pipeline design and operation, waste water disposal and produced water treatment.

We added two additional produced water recycling facilities for assets acquired in 2022 bringing the total number of facilities treating produced water from our own natural gas and oil wells to 12.

Aris Water Solutions and Chevron to develop and pilot technologies and processes to treat produced water for potential beneficial reuse opportunities.

ExxonMobil joined the collaborative industry effort in 2023.

Engineering, construction and execution of the testing protocols and pilot projects will be led by Aris, leveraging the combined technical expertise of members.

Completion of pilot testing and the performance evaluation of certain pilot technologies are anticipated by the end of 2023, paving the way for risk assessments for treated produced water, which are important enablers for eventual beneficial reuse applications.

Our engineered storage pits for treated produced water are double lined and have leak detection systems, and storage pits and disposal facilities are also equipped with remote monitoring devices.

Combined, 52% of the water used for hydraulic fracturing in of the Permian Basin in West Texas and Southeastern the Permian was recycled produced water.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022108NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022108 In addition to recycled produced water, we have been using reclaimed municipal waste water for our Midland assets since 2015.

This reclaimed waste water is sourced from municipalities and other third parties and treated in the hydraulic fracture process.

In Canada’s Montney development, we also manage water using a centralized water gathering and distribution system.

Produced water from operating wells is treated for recycling, stored in engineered ponds and then used to complete the next well.

As more wells are completed in future development phases, we will reduce the volume of fresh water withdrawn from the Halfway River and gradually increase the volume of treated produced water used for new wells.

Recycle at least produced water for fracking, reducing fresh water withdrawal and produced water disposal.

We target groundwater sources that are not in close proximity to local municipal, domestic or agricultural users in the Eagle Ford.

Most of produced water is transferred to disposal wells using pipeline infrastructure.

In 2022, about 12% of the water sourced for operations in the Bakken was non fresh water.

We have our own Global Induced Seismicity Guidelines to understand and mitigate potential seismicity related to fracking and produced water injection disposal wells.

We evaluate third party disposal wells by conducting seismic hazard risk assessments prior to selecting third party disposal wells for use.

We utilize a range of real time seismic monitoring networks, in 2022.

In Texas’s Eagle Ford, we target groundwater sources that are not in close proximity to local municipal, domestic or agricultural users.

In support of this goal, we progressed our in the ground at over 200 locations across the state of Texas.

TexNet data is publicly available and widely used by industry, regulators and academic researchers.

Texas at Austin’s multi disciplinary Center for Injection of non fresh water used for operations.

Source water for and Seismicity Research (CISR) to understand seismicity drilling and completions is transported using temporary, across Texas.

We also supported seismological research at lay flat pipelines from central storage ponds, rather than the Stanford University Center for Induced and Triggered trucks.

Seismicity (SCITS). based produced water central gathering and disposal system for new facilities in Sugarloaf, located in Live Oak County.

These initiatives have further reduced truck traffic on local roads.

In 2022, about 66% of the water sourced for operations in the Eagle Ford was non fresh water.

To date, regulators in both New Mexico and Texas have defined multiple Seismic Response Areas (SRA) within which water disposal volumes are curtailed.

We fully adhere to these actions and modify our disposal practices to remain in compliance.

Alaska’s Kuparuk and Alpine fields and the Permian Basin in the U.S.

The majority of our Permian Basin conventional wells were divested in late 2021 and early 2022.

Water management for our Alaska operations is unique, as most of our fresh water use is not directly for natural gas and oil production, but primarily to build seasonal ice roads and pads for development, exploration and overland resupply.

The water is sourced locally from surface water bodies in accordance with regulatory permits and returned to the environment every spring as meltwater.

For enhanced oil recovery (EOR) operations, our Alaska assets rely on non fresh water, specifically seawater, and reused produced water.

Liquified Natural Gas (APLNG) facility focus on the quality of water discharged to municipal water treatment systems or directed to the receiving environment.

This includes water used in the LNG process that is discharged to municipal systems and runoff from rain events that is discharged to surface water.

Routine monitoring programs are in place to assess water quality prior to discharge to municipal systems and at each stormwater discharge point, as well as the receiving environment discharge mixing zone.

In Canada, steam assisted bitumen recovery at our Surmont oil sands operation is primarily supported by recycled produced water, supplemented by an array of low quality non saline1 and saline makeup groundwater supply wells.

Since 2020, Surmont has been piloting a combination of steam additive technologies (e.g., non condensable gas co injection to create a blanket of insulation within the steam chamber) and more aggressive targeting of low steam oil ratio (SOR) wells within the field.

This modified operating strategy has resulted in stable bitumen production at lower rates of steam injection and a conjunctive increase in produced water returns to the central processing plants.

Alliance (COSIA), Surmont continued to beneficially contribute to the in situ oil sands performance goal of reducing fresh water use intensity by 50% by 2022, measured from a 2012 benchmark.

Water management priorities for our Norway offshore operations are treatment and quality of discharged produced water.

Norway operations treat produced water prior to discharge from offshore platforms in accordance with national regulations.

Fresh water for offshore operations is mostly used for domestic purposes, but also for well stimulation.

U.K., which receives natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids from Norway and U.K. offshore fields.

Our Norway business unit is using non fresh water (seawater) for reservoir pressure maintenance and drilling.

Our Ekofisk operations have a long history of improving the quality of water discharged into the sea and our oil in water ratio has declined significantly and continues to outperform regulatory requirements.

In the last decade, the focus has been on optimization to further reduce oil in water concentrations.

Efficient water treatment to reduce oil in water treatment technologies as well as located at depths that concentrations also reduces the level of other discharged isolate them from surface water bodies and interactions with components that may impact the marine environment. aquatic ecosystems.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022110NatureConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022110 Potential impacts from produced water being discharged applied research to qualify advanced technologies for into the sea have been monitored and assessed for more operations, and organizing outreach activities related to than 20 years, including in situ water column monitoring.

Based on current knowledge, the environmental risk of beneficial reuse options of produced water in Lower 48 of discharging produced water is very low.

In 2022, we operations and at the same time minimizes deep well submitted a report on in situ water column monitoring in injection volumes.

In addition, unique analytical methodology the Greater Ekofisk area to regulatory authorities prepared for advanced characterization of organics was developed by a consortium of independent research institutes.

The to assess the level of pretreatment required to minimize study verified the limited risk posed by treated produced membrane fouling at Qatargas waste water treatment plants.

The GWSC manages our Water Solutions Technology Toolbox, an internal technology sharing website capturing the latest water treatment experience from full scale operations, field trials and bench tests.

In 2022, the GWSC team was honored for its conservation awareness program by Kahramaa Tarsheed, the national program to regulate and create awareness for power and water consumption in the State of Qatar. water discharges.

We rely on finding innovative solutions through technology applications to reduce business risks and address local community concerns around water resources, treatment and management of produced water.

Offshore, we treat produced water to remove dispersed oil prior to discharge, we disinfect seawater used for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and we remove dissolved solids in water to avoid the buildup of scale.

Onshore, we treat produced water or process water to remove certain organics, dissolved solids and dissolved gases like hydrogen sulfide (H2S) to avoid the buildup of scale and to enable storage, recycling, discharge or disposal.

Innovative water technologies can optimize processes, reduce costs, improve efficiency and reduce potential impact on the environment.

We collect data and information related to species threatened or of cultural value, and habitats characterized as occurrence and sensitive habitats located within or sensitive by local regulators or conservation organizations as adjacent to our operated assets.

ASSETS: Anadarko2 APLNG Bakken Permian Uinta Basin 1 Estimated as the percentage of lease areas overlapping with designated protected areas such as national parks or wildlife sanctuaries, World Heritage or Ramsar sites.

Protected Areas We complete an annual enterprise wide assessment of protected areas located within or adjacent to operated assets.

The assessment includes areas designated at the national and regional level (national parks or wildlife sanctuaries) as well as at the international level (World Heritage or Ramsar sites).

Our infrastructure within or adjacent to protected areas includes pipelines, well pads, compressor stations, one LNG facility and one terminal.

Operated asset lease areas overlapping with IUCN I VI protected areas: 0.04%.1.

Number of IUCN I VI protected areas within 3 miles (5 km) of operated assets: 10.2.

Habitats Conserved, Protected or Restored We consider habitat to be protected where the environment remains in its original state with a healthy and functioning ecosystem, and habitat to be restored where actions have either restored the environment to its original state or enhanced it to a state where it has a healthy and functioning ecosystem.

IUCN Red List Species For our operated assets, we identify species of interest at the local level including at risk, endangered, rare, significant, threatened or of cultural value.

The majority of our assets actively mitigate risks related to at least one species of local importance that is also an IUCN Red List species.

Plan process which enables us to test our portfolio of of produced water5 that is reused, recycled, disposed or projects against our water risks to make better informed discharged after treatment.

Intensity value may change as EUR data is updated.

During 2022, the company completed the sale of the majority of Anadarko assets.

We are committed to respectfully engaging with local stakeholders those who impact or may be impacted by our business to understand their values and interests, reduce the effect of our operations and proposed projects, and support economic and community development opportunities.

We seek early and frequent engagement with our academic institutions, industry associations and the stakeholders to build trust, garner respect and develop financial sector.

We also participate in multi stakeholder mutually beneficial relationships.

In addition to communities near our operations, we engage with government bodies, nongovernmental organizations, work to continuously improve our sustainable development programs and initiatives.

Members of the ConocoPhillips Stakeholder Engagement team meet with community members in the Eagle Ford.

We address the social or community related aspects of our operations and projects at the business unit (BU) level.

BU. Read more about our sustainable development governance structure.

Risk and Impact Assessment Social risks at the community level could result from potential project, operational and cumulative impacts to community safety, human rights, infrastructure, services, land use, environmental quality, cultural heritage, managing expectations for local business opportunities and employment.

Risks could impact our business through project delays, business interruption, policy or regulatory costs, reputational damage, or increased cost of capital.

Community opposition based on potential or perceived.

ConocoPhillips employees volunteer at a United Way Day of Caring in Houston.

Community expectations of economic benefits, such as local hiring and local content.

Public policy that restricts access to, or development of, natural gas and oil resources.

By understanding the social, economic, political and environmental factors affecting stakeholders, we can identify and monitor emerging trends, manage potential impacts and reputational risks associated with our operations and add value to our communities.

We strive to positively impact the communities where we live and operate.

By having open dialogue, we are able to identify and address potential impacts associated with our operations.

This is done through our integrated sustainable of social risk assessment.

Each business unit is responsible development (SD) risk management process where existing for identifying stakeholders to understand their and planned exploration and production, and major projects perspectives and concerns.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022117Social settings of our operations.

Indigenous Peoples, labor rights, security, public health, political and economic issues.

Risks and impacts related to supplier and contractor activities.

Cumulative effects of company and or industry activities.

Guidance with recommended internal processes and external engagement to understand and address stakeholder priorities.

Based on this guidance, each BU manages its own social risks, priorities and regulatory requirements, enabling tailored, region specific business goals to address unique challenges and opportunities.

In 2022, five social risks related to potential project delay and business interruption were identified and ranked as significant by three business units.

They have developed mitigations to address these risks.

We continued with our Social and Stakeholder Engagement issues working group (IWG) quarterly meetings in 2022.

The IWG provides a platform for knowledge sharing on best practices, tracks emerging topics and monitors the progress of the different BUs regarding their engagement with communities and other key stakeholders.

Include stakeholders in the design and implementation of the engagement process.

Listen to understand stakeholders’ interests, concerns and culture.

Seek solutions that create mutually beneficial relationships and build long term value for both the company and our stakeholders.

Follow through on our commitments and stand accountable for the results, both internally and externally.

Community Engagement: Identifying our stakeholders and how they may impact or be impacted by company activities.

Human Rights: Assessing potential risks to stakeholder human rights, incorporating risks into planning and providing a grievance mechanism.

Indigenous Peoples: Consulting with Indigenous stakeholders to understand their culture, identify their priorities and work together to address them.

Security and Human Rights: Implementing the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.

Community and Social Investment: Aligning investments with community needs and company strategy.

By taking a personal approach with communities, we are able to build strong relationships and an environment of transparency, courtesy and trust.

This allows us to better manage potential risks and impacts to local stakeholders and our business while supporting mutually beneficial relationships and creating long term value.

Our contribution toward building resilient communities is at the heart of the discussion around a just and orderly transition.

We focus our efforts around listening to communities and promoting local development.

Nuiqsut village whaling captains and other residents expressed subsistence impact concerns regarding a proposed temporary gravel island to be built specifically for unloading sealift modules.

This prompted the project team to reevaluate and change the development plans.

Other steps taken to address subsistence concerns include: the reduction of speed limits and road width in key parts of the field, additional infrastructure to facilitate and improve subsistence access and the implementation of additional restrictions and mitigations during times of sensitive wildlife activity, such as caribou calving and migration.

Willow has broad support from Alaska North Slope communities, the regional tribe, the regional municipal government, the regional Alaska Native corporation, and the local Alaska Native corporation.

As we gain further understanding about stakeholder values, priorities and concerns, we seek to integrate their support here.

In Alaska, we have frequent engagements with communities located closest to our operations, including through community meetings and open houses.

Our Willow project operations don’t interfere with the subsistence lifestyle of our neighbors.

Air quality monitoring stations. extensive public engagement since the Environmental.

Extensive environmental baseline studies are conducted activities with many mitigation measures built into the in all potential areas of new operations.

For example, after publication of the Willow subject to rigorous permitting and public review processes.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022119Social In 2022, consistent with prior years, we worked with the and services delivery, and business development.

Station on the Alaska Air Quality Index webpage so residents can check the status of air quality at any time.

Air quality on the North Slope is consistently better than national ambient air quality standards.

We recognize that specific collaborative measures are needed to improve access to business and employment opportunities for First Nations Peoples in Australia.

First Nations Peoples in the design, development and delivery of opportunities that will improve socioeconomic outcomes.

Nations, M tis and Inuit) have legally protected rights within their traditional territories.

Indigenous communities to our Canadian operations, we have developed a values and interest assessment (VIA) process to guide our relationships with those communities to create positive, sustainable outcomes.

The VIA process starts with our External Relations team building relationships through authentic, collaborative dialogue with members of the community.

Next, we work with the community to create a shared vision and discuss ways we can work together.

To support our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), which was focuses on collaboratively prioritizing ideas and creating launched in 2022, we facilitated a two day workshop involving structures and processes for working together.

The VIA process can also result in practices to understand both barriers and opportunities for formal agreements with interested Indigenous communities participation in our business.

Such agreements are confidential and included overwhelming support for a First Nations Chamber formalize the respectful relationship between our company of Commerce and Industry, establishment of an internal and the community by focusing on creating shared value.

Agreements typically include a process to understand and of an overarching strategy between ConocoPhillips Australia address concerns and opportunities about our activities, and First Nations Peoples that will progressively encompass as well as commitments by both parties to work toward key policy development including culturally appropriate mutually beneficial outcomes and maintain open, consistent employment and workforce development, supply chain goods communication about our activities.

Share our stories Have meaningful conversation Discover our potential.

Prioritize ideas Define first steps to action Learn and grow together.

With the proximity of our assets operations to Indigenous on restoration efforts in our operating areas.

Columbia, and with our Calgary office being within Treaty 7 development areas to develop scopes for habitat restoration territory, honoring the people whose footsteps have marked offsets for three locations since 2019.

We incorporated these lands is consistent with our SPIRIT Values.

Appropriate species and densities to meet revegetation goals.

Helping improve the quality of life in the communities where we live and work is an important goal for ConocoPhillips and our employees.

The draft work scopes make a real difference in communities.

Alaska expected to be involved in execution of the restoration work.

Program where communities nominate locations to prioritize remediation and reclamation work, so they have direct influence on the order in which sites are remediated.

Native employees working in ConocoPhillips operations through our partnerships with Alaska Native Corporations and their subsidiaries.

Fort McMurray 468 First Nation gathered to mark six.

Impact Mitigation Grant Program, a unique program that years since the signing of our Cooperation and Mutual has significant social benefits.

Benefits Agreement and to celebrate the meaningful operations, youth programs and essential community relationship we have jointly built.

ConocoPhillips celebrated National Indigenous Peoples.

Day for Truth and Reconciliation to help foster awareness, appreciation, and dialogue around Indigenous traditions and culture, and the place of dance therein.

Community Development Foundation, a nonprofit focused on building capacity in the community to access grants by providing services for project planning, grant writing and administration and project execution.

As a company that values and respects Indigenous during the past few years.

Peoples to further increase our understanding of and emergency response capabilities, health clinics, drinking support for Indigenous communities and stakeholders. water, wastewater, roads, power and solid waste disposal.

In the community of Gladstone, ConocoPhillips Australia continues working with the not for profit sector and recognizes there is an opportunity to further build their business skills and resilience.

Truckers Against Trafficking (TAT), a U.S. based non profit that helps combat human trafficking by bringing awareness to the issue and educating and mobilizing members of the transportation, truck stop and energy industries.

This will help guide government agencies, to work together to combat human them in priority action areas by giving them tangible steps trafficking.

The report card assessment covers key for energy, trucking and truck stop companies, and a areas such as governance, compliance, general business presentation by a survivor leader and a law enforcement management, finance, risk, safety and volunteerism.

There are more than 200 local not for profit organizations engaged with the Not for Profit House, all of which will have the opportunity to benefit from the report card assessment tool.

Indigenous owned businesses near our oil sands operation to develop local capacity.

The Surmont project is close to three First Nations communities and four M tis organizations with whom ConocoPhillips regularly engages for business opportunities, a priority expressed by community leadership.

The parties meet regularly though formalized business working groups to discuss: companies, Indigenous communities, and other stakeholders to learn and collaboratively initiate solutions to prevent human trafficking in northeastern Alberta communities.

Ayun, which is located in the Serian district, have better access to clean water.

Due to the remote location of the village, residents depended on an old gravity feed water for their water supply.

Local contracting capacity, capabilities and opportunities. inconsistent water supply and some villages had to carry.

Opportunities to support community values and vision.

To help improve access to clean water and provide basic sanitation for regular household needs, we worked with Global Peace to.

At our Montney development, we launched an effort to reconstruct the dam, lay a new piping system and install promote the inclusion of Indigenous vendors at all stages large water tanks and pipelines in the village. of the supply chain to support a healthy contracting relationship with Indigenous communities near our operations.

Laut, which is located in the Kinabatangan district, have better access to clean drinking water and affordable energy.

Indigenous vendors and have bolstered our commitment to their homes.

We partnered with Global Peace and its onsite meaningful collaboration with Indigenous communities.

In 2022, a cross functional team from ConocoPhillips energy through solar electrification via the donation and developed and implemented an entrepreneurial pilot delivery of Sun King solar systems.

Training and monitoring program, the ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder.

The program were also carried out to ensure the communities knew how fosters innovation for small business growth in the to use and maintain the equipment.

Stavanger University Hospital’s NEEDED project, which provides lifesaving heart research.

The aim of the NEEDED study is to discover heart disease earlier, so that severe heart illnesses and death can be avoided.

ConocoPhillips and others allowed NEEDED to open a heart research center in Sandnes.

Soliciting community input is critical to how we do business at ConocoPhillips.

Since 2013, we have done this in a variety of ways including routine stakeholder forums with community leadership across the Lower 48.

Development Corporation, to provide equal opportunities for minorities, youth and women.

Builder, any eligible applicant can learn how to establish a business idea or further grow their existing business through courses taught by LiftFund.

Participants undergo several weeks of training, free of charge, and are granted special consideration for small business loans after graduation.

The Small Biz Builder helps create a sustainable, robust business and entrepreneur support ecosystem.

Permian Basin Behavioral Health Center: The design.

This center aims to educate and train behavioral health and gas development in the region.

Commission and other local charities to support local health, safety and education initiatives.

Odessa College Truck Driving Academy: PSP partnered with Odessa College to fund the expansion of its.

Cal Ripken STEM Centers: Cal Ripken and PSP partnered support 94 additional students annually, adding trucks, to launch a five year, 7.5 million investment that will trailers, scholarships and instructors at the Odessa provide a new science, technology, engineering and math.

Permian Road Safety Coalition: The PSP and the Permian.

This partnership builds upon the first round of this initiative which was previously funded by PSP in 2021 with a 1.1 million donation.

Energy Education and Workforce Innovation: This initiative supports the creation of comprehensive turnkey energy curriculum, and the accompanying resources, that link high and certified CDL drivers in the Permian Basin.

Over 65% of commercial vehicles in the Permian Basin are estimated to be out of compliance.

Read more about how we are supporting community safety in the Permian Basin on our website.

Read more about how we are measuring social performance with industry employment needs in the Permian Basin. on our website.

In Midland, ConocoPhillips employees volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity build.

Our employees strive to improve the quality of life in the communities where we live and work.

In Canada, employees helped clean up a Calgary river pathway.

Employees in China organized a Girls in STEM event, with 40 participants from four international schools.

Leaders and students enjoyed conversations about the industry and potential career paths.

Houston and Midland, Texas, employees participated in house builds for Habitat for Humanity.

We believe the most effective charitable investments are made through strategic relationships with organizations dedicated to serving our communities, day in and day out.

Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

Inspire Change grant initiative, which funds local nonprofits and educational programs that support racial equity and social justice.

Prairie View A M University, a historically Black university, share career insights and provide professional development to enhance opportunities for undergraduate students resources.

We also partnered with the Houston Texans on the interested in engineering and business analytics.

Employees at a beach clean up on Australia's east coast.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022125Social Our nearly 1.2 million multi year gift will be used for a new to promote entrepreneurism.

In its inaugural year, 28 local state of the art engineering lab, scholarships and funding businesses in the Permian Basin completed the program and for new professors and academic support.

We were deeply troubled and saddened by the escalating emphasis for our Global Signature Program promoting humanitarian crisis resulting from the war in Ukraine and conservation.

In May, we sponsored the Central Grasslands donated more than 2.1 million toward humanitarian aid.

Our conservation efforts also supported seven migratory bird joint ventures, facilitating the preservation of more than 550,000 grassland acres in this region in 2022.

Beyond cash contributions and university relations we invested an additional 23.8 million for contractual contributions, sponsorships, social infrastructure donations, in kind donations and memberships.

For example, in Canada, we committed 500,000 to replace the helicopter fleet for the Shock Trauma Air Rescue Service.

Foundation (STARS), a nonprofit organization that provides rapid and specialized emergency care and transportation for critically ill patients.

Consistent project selection criteria and focus wherever we operate.

Tracking and assessment of performance metrics and impact.

The global charitable investment budget is reviewed children with congenital heart disease.

In the U.S., we annually by the Executive Leadership Team and approved by launched ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder, a new program the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee of the board.

Based on payments and annual business unit reporting.

Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all.

Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all.

Many of our business and community investment activities support other goals related to education, poverty and good health.

Due to rounding, total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.

We are working with Ipieca, the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues, on the role the oil and gas industry can most effectively play to support the achievement of the globally endorsed framework of the UN SDGs.

We recognize the dignity of all human beings, and our core perform work for ConocoPhillips.

Business units assess and manage human rights risks.

If our operations identify potential human rights concerns, engagement plans and specific actions to manage and mitigate that risk are developed through engagement with the community or other stakeholders.

United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and units communicate and engage communities and their.

This includes the core labor standards related to nondiscrimination, freedom of association, right to collective bargaining, and avoiding the use of forced or child labor.

We representatives on how to contact the company and how to address any concerns or grievances.

Business Ethics and Conduct, which is publicly available on our website.

We recognize and respect the choice of Indigenous global operations to identify countries for deeper evaluation of communities to live as distinct peoples, with their own potential human rights issues.

Key areas considered include: cultures and relationships to the land.

Areas where we explore or operate near these communities include the.

Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork.

ConocoPhillips continues to offer a human rights training course which incorporates Ipieca's guidance on human rights training and includes a module on security and human rights.

The training has been rolled out globally via a computer based module to our stakeholder engagement practitioners and other operations staff and management as appropriate dispute resolution.

Our consultations consider traditional based on location.

We engage with Indigenous communities at the regional, local and individual levels by meeting regularly with regional governments, community associations, local leaders and community residents.

Our stakeholder engagement professionals work closely with our asset and operations teams to guide discussions and facilitate cooperation with Indigenous Peoples to address potential operational impacts on the community.

Wherever we engage with Indigenous communities, we pursue opportunities to support economic development consistent with Indigenous cultures and community development plans.

In some cases, the engagement and consultation may be guided by a formal agreement with the Indigenous community.

Our social performance guidance directs our VPSHR implementation and our annual report to the VPSHR details our current practices as well as provides updates for previous years.

We seek to honor and understand the culture of Indigenous issues.

Security personnel and community engagement communities near our operations so that we know how to practitioners, including contractors, complete corporate properly demonstrate respect in our relationships.

Some human rights training on the VPSHR on an annual basis.

All contract security organizations are required to provide training.

VPSHR training to their employees and comply with the leaders and business leaders will educate themselves principles.

Training is also provided for the ConocoPhillips through mentors in the Indigenous community or through workforce as part of the onboarding process when relevant the help of local experts.

Our strategy, performance, culture and reputation are fueled by our world class workforce.

The diverse people of ConocoPhillips have always been the heart of our company and the success of our business.

We recognize that attracting and developing talent is a competitive imperative within our changing industry.

At year end 2022, we had approximately 9,500 employees in 13 countries.

Our SPIRIT Values set the foundation for our HCM strategy, company’s strategy, so it is imperative that we create a and our HCM programs are built around three pillars that we workplace in which our people feel valued.

Our Executive believe are necessary for HCM success.

Leadership Team (ELT) and Board of Directors play a key a compelling culture, a world class workforce and strong role in setting our Human Capital Management (HCM) external engagement.

Key actions and progress against strategy and driving accountability for meaningful progress.

Annual Perspectives employee practices that minimize bias. reports and our HCM report engagement survey used to establish.

Robust succession planning, meaningful cultural action plans tied to including diverse pipelines. employee feedback.

Actively partnering with trade associations and minority nonprofit organizations. actions with DEI pillars: people, programs and processes, culture, and our external brand and reputation.

Data analytics leveraged to track key workforce engagement metrics through transparent dashboards.

Internal and external best practices leveraged to support offer different ways of working through hybrid work programs.

Implemented several office improvement and integration projects to enhance employees’ workplace experience.

Recognized by Human Rights non monetary recognition programs.

Compensation programs linking individual and company performance.

Inclusive global benefits informed by external market practices and employee needs and feedback.

Global wellness programs addressing physical and mental well being. partnerships with universities to build external pipelines increasing partnerships with Historically Black.

Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic serving institutions.

A strategic process for allocating university contributions budget to invest in strengthening and expanding our future talent pools, which includes giving to programs that advance DEI. global offices that had an extended.

Expanded benefits to support shutdown due to COVID 19. families.

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022132Valuing Our People U.S.

Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022.

Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.

How we do our work sets us apart and drives our performance.

We’re experts in what we do and continuously find ways to do our jobs better.

Together, we deliver strong performance, but never at all costs.

We embrace core cultural attributes that are shared by everyone, everywhere.

Innovation, and Teamwork set us apart, align our workforce and provide a foundation for our culture.

We have an organization that has very high integrity it’s very collaborative we have mutual respect for one another and there’s open and transparent communication.

No task is so important that we can’t take the time to do it safely.

We recognize that our success depends upon the capabilities and inclusion of our employees.

We are ethical and trustworthy in our relationships with internal and external stakeholders.

Sustainability is core to our company and creates shared value for our stakeholders.

We anticipate change and respond with creative solutions.

We are responsive to the changing needs of the industry.

We have a can do attitude that inspires top performance from everyone.

The long and illustrious history of ConocoPhillips valuable contributions of our workforce.

Together, spans more than 100 years, and is filled with we have focused on operating safely, given back fascinating chapters, momentous discoveries, and to our communities, helped our colleagues rebuild groundbreaking innovations.

In 2012, after splitting after natural disasters, challenged each other to try our then integrated oil and gas company into two new things, and celebrated individual and shared independent companies, we set a vision to be the E P successes.

These attributes define who we are and company of choice for all stakeholders.

We’ve now set ConocoPhillips apart from our competition.

Through it all, we’ve been guided by our SPIRIT Values built to perform over the long term, and we are ready and our Who We Are culture.

Our programs are built on equitable practices that support all employees in unlocking their full potential.

Our commitment to DEI is foundational to our SPIRIT Values and to achieving our business objectives.

As our industry evolves, we’ll continue to face both new opportunities and challenges.

So, we’ll need the best and brightest people who bring passion and excitement for solving important problems.

We also need to cultivate an environment where everyone is encouraged and able to contribute no matter their role, level or location.

This is how innovation thrives, leading to better business outcomes.

That is why we’ve put an emphasis on and are committed to elevating DEI and creating a great place to work.

At ConocoPhillips, we believe our unique differences power the future of energy.

Our DEI vision is to foster an inclusive culture that values the rich mixture of backgrounds, identities and workstyles that our employees possess.

A source of great pride among employees, ConocoPhillips offices play an integral role in the company’s culture and identity, their design and functionality establishing an atmosphere of productivity and collaboration.

In 2022, Human Resources and the Real Estate Facilities Services teams implemented several office improvement and integration projects to enhance employees’ workplace experience.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022135Valuing Our People Leadership is the single biggest determinant of DEI success.

The ELT has ultimate accountability for advancing our DEI commitments through a governance structure that includes a Chief Diversity Officer (CDO), a dedicated DEI organization, and a global DEI Council consisting of senior leaders from across the company.

All company leaders are accountable for advancing DEI through local efforts.

Our DEI efforts and progress are regularly reviewed with the board.

Over the course of the year, the CDO established the DEI organization and embarked on a global listening tour to understand the impact of current efforts, areas for improvement, and the overall employee experience.

Based on the insights and perspectives from employees, the company’s DEI strategy was refreshed, inclusive of four focus areas: people, programs and processes, culture, and our external brand and reputation.

Reviewing the results of the 2022 Perspectives survey and continuing to integrate the insights into our DEI efforts.

Launching our DEI Dashboards 2.0 internally, which feature expanded global and U.S. workforce metrics and industry benchmark data.

Hosting our inaugural Black Leadership Symposium to support future leadership diversity in the company.

Program and extending invites to ConocoPhillips hosted workshops in Houston and Midland to industry peers and other companies.

Our people are how we advance diversity through representation.

We enhance our employee experience by ensuring equity in how we attract, develop and retain employees.

Valuing and inviting diverse perspectives creates an inclusive environment and fosters a culture of belonging.

Highlighting our journey fosters a sense of pride and encourages the industry to push the status quo.

She brings 20 years of Finance and HR experience to progress.

In this newly created position, Buchanan serves resource groups and councils.

DEI Council and oversees a team responsible for to advancing DEI to benefit all employees, executing the company’s DEI strategy. said Buchanan.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022137Valuing Our People Inaugural Black Leadership Symposium cultivating strong relationships through networking and developing a leadership mindset.

Our Black Employee Network of Houston hosted its vulnerability needed to thrive as a minority, and how to inaugural Black Leadership Symposium at ConocoPhillips identify and manage exclusionary behaviors.

The symposium will be held annually with a refreshed group of cohorts.

Sessions led both by members of the ConocoPhillips ELT and targeted investment to ensure we close our and Board of Directors, as well as external speakers, were leadership parity gap by achieving a robust pipeline of focused on growing functional knowledge of the business, diverse leaders in the future.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022138Valuing Our People Measuring our Progress with the ELT, reviews diversity metrics and identifies the appropriate plans and priorities to address our trends.

We are committed to being transparent as we build a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, and we monitor employee engagement survey results and diversity metrics on a global basis.

You can see me thriving, and that will provide a role model for so many others who are underrepresented or underestimated.

In 2022, we published the second edition of our internal DEI Dashboards with an expanded view of our global and U.S. workforce metrics.

The new dashboards show workforce data outside the U.S. and industry benchmark data to help compare our internal metrics against those of our peers.

Management Report. to great opportunities to excel.

The ConocoPhillips Perspectives survey is our primary listening platform for gathering feedback on employee sentiment to measure incremental year over year progress on DEI. The five questions we use to track DEI in the survey focus on the topics of belonging, inclusion, diversity progress, equal opportunity and psychological safety. the DEI specific scores, comments and feedback through various demographic filters and uses findings to validate and or evolve our multi year DEI priorities and actions.

We also recognize that while progress has been made, we lag our external benchmark in some areas and still have significant work to do.

No external benchmark available as this is a customized question for our company.

While we have been recognized for our DEI efforts, we know that it takes ongoing commitment to make sustainable progress.

So, we continue to provide training, build awareness and reinforce accountability at all levels of the organization.

We focus on behaviors and processes that build an environment where everyone has the opportunity to succeed.

The Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index recognized us in 2022 for our commitment to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality in the workplace with a score of 100.

Forbes’ 2022 World’s Top Female Friendly Companies ( 21) and Fortune’s 2023 World’s Most Admired Companies.

The report characterizes ConocoPhillips’ U.S. workforce by race, ethnicity and gender across job categories established by the U.S.

ConocoPhillips prepares its EEO 1 reports based on strict guidelines issued by the EEOC. Data may not equal 100% due to rounding.

We offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the best early career talent.

We also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain a broad range of expertise and experience.

We monitor our voluntary attrition rate on a weekly basis and seek to understand trends that may be driving attrition.

This includes reviewing qualitative feedback from exit interviews and periodically analyzing the data through different demographics filters (e.g., gender and U.S. POC) for trends.

We believe that our workforce should reflect the communities in which we live and work.

To ensure our workforce reflects the diversity of external talent pools, we leverage data analytics and other key business drivers to evaluate and optimize our experienced hire recruiting strategies.

In the U.S., an experienced hire dashboard was developed to observe the diversity composition of the candidate pool from application to offer.

We use an innovative writing platform to help us remove any biased language and unconscious barriers to attracting top candidates from job postings.

To continue broadening our pipeline of talent, we leverage various platforms to promote open positions.

We use an established internal business process for organizations. auditing each step of our sourcing, recruitment and.

In the U.S., hiring veterans is a key element of our selection processes to mitigate the potential for bias in talent strategy.

Veterans currently represent 6% of our our decisions.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022143Valuing Our People Company leaders host various discussions with interns throughout the summer to provide opportunities to learn more about the company, oil and gas industry and key focus areas such as sustainability and the energy transition.

Bringing new people with fresh ideas into our company is vital to our future.

Internship Program, which strives to offer a compelling, hands on experience.

We provide interns with challenging assignments, knowledgeable mentors and engaging activities to help them grow their skills and network.

The relationship between the company and the universities we support is important.

In 2022, we allocated 42% of our contributions in service of DEI advancement.

HBCUs like Prairie View A M University, we are able analytics dashboard to provide insights into the diversity to broaden the diversity of our talent pool.

Society of Black Engineers, the National Association from application to offer.

This data also helps us monitor of Black Geoscientists, the National Association acceptance and intern conversion rates and enables us of Black Accountants, and INROADS, a nonprofit to make informed, data driven decisions regarding our committed to leadership and career development for university contributions each year.

Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.

Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.

Investing in our employees is good business, improves our company’s performance and strengthens our employee strengthening our culture.

Leaders analyze the survey data and comments and identify focus areas for action, striving for incremental year over year progress on results.

Our employee feedback strategy is comprised of an annual engagement survey and shorter pulse surveys as needed.

SPIRIT Values, company strategy, career development, formal training, and regular feedback and mentoring.

Taking steps to measure and assess employee satisfaction higher than both the oil and gas and global benchmarks and engagement is at the heart of long term business provided by our third party survey provider.

Leaders will success and creating a great place to work for our global analyze organizational results and set key focus areas for workforce.

Since 2019, the ConocoPhillips Perspectives relevant actions for their groups.

We empower our employees to grow their careers through personal and professional development opportunities.

Employees can identify opportunities for growth through a series of career management tools that help an employee plan out their short and long term career goals and enable meaningful career conversations with their supervisors, such as individual development plans and 360 assessments.

That feedback has been a launching pad for a multi year project designed to redefine the critical career development pathways for employees in achieving their career goals at ConocoPhillips.

In order to attract, retain and develop the workforce of the future, we are setting out to transparently address the most important career choices for employees to help them maximize their career potential.

Employees participated in live and virtual workshops, panel series across our U.S. locations, featuring 39 in person and discussions and training sessions that touched on key topics virtual presentations, panel discussions and networking related to life, career and the company. opportunities and attended by more than 4,000 employees.

Our 2022 Development Series learning event featured a specially curated selection of learning opportunities for employees.

The three week program was composed of informative workshops, panel discussions and training sessions led by internal and external experts, and encompassed a variety of topics designed to fuel workplace productivity, enhance business acumen and understanding of the company’s inner workings, and support our employees’ well being.

Read more on spiritnow about employee insights gained and opportunities realized.

Our Development Series is designed to drive our performance and help us create a workplace where our people can grow professionally and personally.

Dashboards of demographic metrics are utilized by TMTs to mitigate bias.

TMTs are aligned to common DEI goals that are reviewed and updated to ensure continued progress on equitable talent strategies.

TMTs across all disciplines come together on a quarterly career progression by discipline (e.g., Geoscience, Finance basis to knowledge share on common talent challenges and Global Production) and location.

TMTs help identify our and spotlight best practices and approaches to future business needs and assess the availability of critical developing their talent pipeline.

They also play a vital role in ensuring the integrity and equity in our talent practices and succession planning.

Succession planning is a top priority for management processes and bring TMTs together across disciplines and the board.

TMT leadership is reviewed annually to ensure that the teams are diverse (e.g., gender, location, race ethnicity) and authentically represent the broad discipline employee population.

TMTs engage in an annual cadence to review the depth and diversity of succession benches to ensure consistency and equity in our succession strategies.

How we work to manage global talent pools through TMTs is differential for our company.

TMTs help employees bridge the gap between having a job and having a career.

We prepare employees for their next role and work collectively to facilitate those opportunities.

At an enterprise level, we evaluate the skills needed by discipline as our industry continues to evolve.

Across all TMTs, together we share best practices to help maximize impact and enable consistency.

Dave Mabee, general manager, Reservoir Engineering and Reservoir Engineering TMT Lead conversations on an ongoing basis to ensure that employees can reach their full potential.

TMTs meet to review succession benches, calibrate talent and provide recommendations to executive leadership and the board to ready our succession candidates for future leadership roles and promote business continuity.

We provide numerous training and development offerings to equip our workforce, our hiring managers and our leaders with the skills, knowledge and self awareness to advance our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts.

We also offer all global employees access to LinkedIn Learning.

Academy training program concluded with 70 global participants convening in Houston for an asset development simulation and week long discipline school.

Additionally, a Technical Learning Council was formed, bringing together a team of top leaders across technical disciplines and digital skills to help guide learning strategy with an emphasis on critical skills.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022148Valuing Our People more than 2,500 users on the platform.

The system supports small virtual cohorts to create an opportunity for leaders to assessment and tracking of operational and regulatory connect on key business drivers influencing our corporate required competencies and is being piloted for technical culture.

Every fall, our senior leaders come together in skills competency development.

We recognize that supervisors play a key role in talent development, so we offer a robust supervisor development curriculum to help leaders effectively engage and develop their employees.

Global courses focus on proactive communication, employee development and building trust.

In 2022, we took an opportunity to explore a number of external and internal leadership curriculums and conferences in service of enhancing the skills, capabilities and leadership readiness of our employees.

Our Leader of Leaders program brings together the development needs as an output of the broader career company’s top senior leaders from around the globe in development strategy work.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) champions share their passion and vision for DEI during an interactive panel discussion at ConocoPhillips Center in Houston during the 2022 Development Series.

Recognition is important to our employees and core to our culture.

We use a performance management program focused to recognize their peers for individual accomplishments on objectivity, credibility and transparency.

In 2022, 73% of our global employees guidelines and reference materials to assist with their received awards, and nearly 16,500 monetary awards were assessment of key how performance indicators.

Our compensation and benefits philosophy and the overall structure of our programs are designed to reward all employees who contribute to our success.

We offer competitive, performance based compensation packages, follow global equitable pay practices and provide family friendly benefits that support our employees through all stages of their life.

Our RSU program is designed to attract and retain employees, reward performance and align employee interest with stockholders by encouraging stock ownership.

Our retirement and savings plans are intended to support employees’ financial futures and are competitive within local markets.

Our compensation programs are generally comprised of a skills, responsibilities and experience and is competitive base pay rate, the annual Variable Cash Incentive Program within our peer group.

From the CEO to the frontline worker, every to ensure they are competitive, inclusive and aligned with employee participates in VCIP, our annual incentive program, company culture, and allow our employees to meet their which aligns employee compensation with ConocoPhillips’ individual needs and the needs of their families.

We conduct annual disparity pay reviews to assess potential gaps related to university hire pay compression, etc.

We follow established hiring guidelines for U.S. university recruitment based on degree level and degree type offers are made consistently.

With the assistance of external expertise, we conduct periodic pay equity analysis in our major markets and adjust compensation where appropriate.

We conduct annual adverse impact analysis before compensation decisions are nalized.

We conduct gender pay gap analysis and reporting in the U.K. and Australia, aligned with local government requirements.

We provide regular updates to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on people strategies and initiatives, including DEI and pay equity.

Health Plan option and increasing company contributions to employees’ Health Savings Accounts.

Our global benefits are competitive, inclusive and align automatic rebate program to reduce the cost of frequently with our culture.

We provide family friendly policies such used, brand name prescription drugs by about 40% for as flexible work schedules, a hybrid office work program, employees covered by ConocoPhillips’ medical plan.

Combined with our maternity benefit (eight weeks), new birth mothers in the U.S. are eligible for up to 14 weeks of paid leave.

Available for employees and eligible dependents per issue, per year.

This voluntary program encourages healthy behaviors, provides insights into potential health risks and offers opportunities to improve overall health.

Employees can earn incentives toward medical premiums by completing a series of steps, including the newly added mental well being incentive.

In 2022, 75% of participants completed a biometric screening, of which 81% earned the mental well being incentive.

Our global wellness programs are designed to educate participants and promote a healthy lifestyle.

Each year, we host a global well being competition featuring health and wellness activities called the SPIRIT of Wellness challenge.

In 2022, nearly 1,250 employees and contractors participated as individuals or as part of a team, recording daily activities, earning points, and tracking their progress on Individual and Team Leaderboards.

The event challenged participants to prioritize their well being by incorporating healthy and sustainable components of physical, nutritional and mental health into their daily routines.

All employees have access to our employee assistance program, and many of our locations offer custom programs to support mental well being.

We care about our neighbors in the communities in which we operate, and our employees make our communities stronger.

We are proud to support their generous involvement in local charitable activities through employee volunteerism and giving programs that include United Way campaigns, matching gift contributions, and volunteer grants.

In addition, we support and participate in leadership conferences, trade associations and minority nonprofit organizations.

While we have been recognized for our ESG and DEI efforts, we know that it takes ongoing commitment to make sustainable progress.

Finance, Planning and Analysis Director Tuba Khawaja initiated an internal fundraising campaign which, when combined with ConocoPhillips’ Matching Gift program, raised more than 40,000 for Pakistan flood relief.

SPIRIT Values Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork inspire our actions and confirm that safety is core to how we operate.

We consistently promote safe work practices and are focused on control of work.

Removal of heat exchange bundle in the amine system during shutdown at Curtis Island.

We will not be satisfied until we succeed in eliminating all injuries, occupational illnesses, unsafe practices and incidents of environmental harm from our activities.

Our vision is to increase operational reliability and resiliency, and we believe that begins with learning.

By being curious about how work is done, recognizing error likely situations and applying safeguards to strengthen systems and processes, we can reduce the likelihood and severity of unexpected incidents.

We continuously look for ways to operate more safely, efficiently and responsibly.

We focus on reducing human error by emphasizing interaction among people, equipment and work processes.

By applying a learning mindset, human performance concepts and being alert to what could go wrong, we are increasing our capacity to safely manage risk.

We employ redundant defenses and safeguards in critical systems, so when an unplanned event occurs, we can mitigate impact to people and the environment.

Engaged leaders are critical in this culture of learning.

Listening to frontline workers, understanding context and productively responding with curiosity are paramount to identify areas for improvement in our systems.

We conduct thorough investigations of all serious incidents to understand the root cause and share lessons learned globally to improve our facility designs, procedures, training and maintenance programs.

We have processes in place to encourage candid dialogue on the work being done and to share ideas.

Learning Teams are facilitated sessions in which the team and facilitator discuss successful work or an unplanned event to better understand the context of how the work was done.

Opportunity to Learn process enables information to be shared quickly following an incident or near miss so learnings can be recognized and applied to other applicable locations to prevent repeat incidents.

ConocoPhillips and more than 20 contractor companies.

The forum focused on topics to progress safety, efficiency and reliability in the Lower 48.

One segment of the forum highlighted becoming a better learning organization, with particular emphasis on how leaders respond when an unexpected event occurs.

Process safety is achieved by using special precautions, or barriers, to keep our facilities safe and our products safely contained, eliminating potential impact to people, property or the environment.

This approach is reinforced through additional activities a process safety event.

We have consistent practices and such as verification of personal and process safety processes for the prevention, control and mitigation of safeguards, and meaningful leadership engagement with process safety events.

Effective barriers can be active, field operations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022155Safety, Health and Security people.

We utilize multiple barriers to achieve redundancy depending on the severity of the potential hazard.

We seek to continually improve our process safety culture and performance across the entire company.

A global network of process safety experts meets regularly to share knowledge and discuss best practices for continuous improvement.

Engineers design safer systems with new knowledge and technologies.

Trained operations staff perform routine maintenance to mitigate process hazards and ensure asset integrity.

We evaluate the risk of spills occurring and potential impacts while taking numerous precautions to prevent spills and mitigate impact within our operations.

Specialized designs, operating procedures, routine maintenance of our facilities, verifications and process safety best practices play a key role in protecting the environment where we operate.

Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) plans for identified facilities.

We have dedicated spill prevention teams in areas with high activity and sensitive ecosystems.

Process safety experts analyze events and share occur, established practices and resources are deployed knowledge globally.

Enhancing process safety awareness and competency across our company is one of our key objectives.

Safety Fundamentals are simple, actionable, good operating practices developed to improve process safety awareness.

Over time, people naturally become desensitized to the risks they face, making errors more likely.

Recognizing this, to control and mitigate the impact.

We are also focused on strengthening our critical incident risk management capability through our systematic, multi tiered approach to emergency preparedness and crisis management.

In 2022, we experienced two hydrocarbon spills to the those critical operating tasks that we must not get wrong.

Follow an approved change management process prior to altering process systems (even if temporary).

Do not leave critical draining and transfer operations unattended.

Verify for complete tightness after installation or maintenance work.

Ensure equipment is pressure free, drained and properly isolated before starting work.

Ensure effective well isolation, with at least two barriers, when working downstream of a well.

Canada, resulting in approximately 300 total barrels being affords us access to substantial inventories of, and the latest released with a 68% recovery rate. advances in, proven response equipment.

In the Gulf of Mexico, we are members of two OSROs, than one barrel decreased in 2022.

Our Alaska business unit has memberships one and 10 barrels.

Fifty eight percent of the spilled volume in two large OSROs, including Alaska Clean Seas (ACS) was fully recovered.

None of our spills in 2022 impacted and Ship Escort Response Vessel System (SERVS) for our a shoreline.

In 2022, our methodology for reporting hydrocarbon spills to the environment was reviewed and updated to better align with Ipieca reporting standards.

This approach is consistent with industry best practices and has allowed a more accurate assessment of spill volumes that are impacting the environment by considering site specific conditions.

Additionally, the decreased spill counts and volumes are reflective of enhanced spill prevention awareness and mitigation tactics in 2022.

Read more about our Process Safety Culture on our website.

We have both internal and external resources to assist exploration and production operations on the North Slope and our Polar Tanker operations in Prince William Sound, respectively.

Our membership in MSRC, as well as a contract with the National Response Corporation (NRC), provides coverage for our Polar Tankers operations along the U.S. west coast.

Companies (NOFO). OSRL provides substantial global response resources staged at various locations around the world, whereas NOFO, also with significant resources, provides regional OSRO support for our Norway operations.

We are also members in other, somewhat smaller, local OSROs associated with many of our global operations.

Read more about our Emergency Preparedness on our response technologies includes membership in Oil Spill website.

Our Life Saving Rules were established based on industry lessons and best practices to prevent serious or fatal injuries from occurring.

The rules have visual reminders and easy to follow minimum requirements, called critical controls, to keep our workforce safe during high risk activities.

They are part of our safe work cycle that includes plan, do, assess and adjust.

Our Life Saving Rules and corresponding field verification program reinforce our strong culture of safety and contribute to our long term decline in workforce injuries.

Life Saving Rules are introduced during new employee and contractor onboarding sessions and orientation.

Videos highlighting each rule and corresponding critical controls are played in field safety meetings.

Rule identification and critical controls are addressed as part of pre job planning, permits and risk assessment processes.

Our work is never so urgent or important that we cannot take the time to do it safely and in an environmentally responsible manner. and to minimize any potential for business interruption related to coronavirus variants or other pandemics.

In 2022, the number of COVID 19 cases across the company was significantly less than the prior two years.

However, we did experience instances of workplace transmission during the year.

Including lost workday cases related to COVID 19, our 2022 total recordable rate (TRR) was 0.28.

U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Incident rates and number of nonfatal injuries by sector, released in 2021.

Our 2022 workforce TRR of 0.14, excluding COVID 19, is industry leading.

Management System Standard helps ensure that business activities are consistently conducted in a safe, healthy, environmentally and socially responsible manner across the globe.

Individual sections of the standard combine to provide a continuous improvement process based on plan, do, assess and adjust.

Management System to meet requirements outlined in the global standard and assess and manage local regulatory requirements and operational risks to the business, employees, contractors, stakeholders and the environment.

All BUs and functions periodically review their HSE management systems against the corporate standard and are responsible for integrating HSE and sustainability issues into day to day operations, project development and decision making.

They analyze current status, identify areas for potential improvement, and then implement key activities to reduce risk and further improve HSE performance.

They are held accountable through an annual performance assessment.

Objectives and key performance targets are set and tracked annually to drive strong, leading HSE performance.

Progress is tracked and reported to our Executive Leadership Team and the Board of Directors.

Corporate HSE audits manage and maintain a process to provide an independent, objective and consistent assessment for global company wide operations conformance with ConocoPhillips HSE policies and standards, including ConocoPhillips’ global Health, Safety and Environment policy.

BUs have additional auditing processes to provide an assessment of compliance with applicable HSE and legal requirements.

Corrective actions and status from audits and other risk improvement efforts are annually reported through a process designed to ensure timely resolution and communication through all levels of company management.

Read more about our Sustainable Development risk corporate standard, each BU implements a BU specific HSE management process on our website.

We have a comprehensive tiered response framework to efficiently mobilize the appropriate teams in an emergency.

A Tier 1 response is fully managed at the business unit level.

Preventing incidents through good project planning, design, frameworks.

The Crisis Management Support Team provides implementation and leadership is our primary objective.

However, if a spill or other unplanned event occurs, we have business unit during a significant incident or crisis.

The procedures and processes in place to respond effectively.

We also conduct thorough investigations of all significant the company who have undergone extensive emergency incidents to understand the root cause, and we share response training.

In all tiered response scenarios, the Crisis lessons learned to prevent future incidents.

Manager has direct access to the Executive Leadership our spill performance annually.

Each year, we conduct multiple emergency response training outlines the framework used to manage our response to events and exercises for our global operations in compliance significant incidents of all types.

Functional Support Plan outlines how we will communicate including the U.S. Oil Pollution Act.

Each business unit maintains emergency response plans specific to each asset’s potential risks.

Response plans are available to all employees, contractors and designated suppliers.

Incident response team members review spill trajectory maps during a drill to better direct mobilization of resources.

Scenario training and exercises provide an opportunity to evaluate incident management systems at various levels throughout the company.

Lessons learned and best practices from key exercises are shared within our internal emergency response community and with external response partners and vendors to further enhance capabilities.

In 2022, one notable example with transferable learnings to the wider organization was a joint emergency exercise with Equinor in Norway.

The drill enabled us to evaluate our abilities to work in collaboration with our peer company in a simulated event and large scale response, work in a unified command structure and coordinate the response to a hypothetical oil spill event impacting the environment.

Our Crisis Management Notification Process is anchored by a hotline staffed 24 hours per day, 7 days per week that allows stakeholders to report emergencies.

The number is publicly available and is included in product transport paperwork.

If assistance is required, a ConocoPhillips representative will coordinate the activation and or mobilization of corporate resources as necessary.

Assessment Plan that identifies potential chemical and nonchemical exposures and implements controls to prevent worker or community exposures.

Health assessments are conducted to ensure that control measures are protecting the health of potentially exposed workers.

Read more about employee benefits and wellness on our the neighboring community through the identification, website. evaluation and control of potential workplace exposures.

Checking the level on an H2S analyzer at a facility in the Eagle Ford.

Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC).

International Ship and Port Facility Security Code information and reputation are cornerstones of our business.

While risk can never be eliminated, we continuously strive to mitigate it by prudently anticipating, preventing and responding to internal and external security threats.

As an operator of critical infrastructure and facilities in challenging locations worldwide, we work closely with governmental agencies, nongovernmental organizations, our peers and local communities on initiatives to identify, deter, prevent and mitigate a range of potential threats to company personnel, facilities and operations.

Maritime Transport and Facilities Security Regulations.

Other applicable governmental security requirements.

Partnership Against Terrorism program by demonstrating effective security that exceeds the minimum program criteria.

U.S. Customs and Border Protection who assess the overall effectiveness of our security processes.

U.S. Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism standards.

Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) and other national and international security organizations.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022162Safety, Health and Security Cybersecurity delegates certain elements of its oversight function to individual committees.

Among other activities, we rely on delegates authority to the AFC to manage the risk oversight digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process efforts of the various committees.

As part of this authority, and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and the AFC regularly discusses ConocoPhillips’ ERM policies drilling information, and communicate with employees and and facilitates appropriate third parties.

Attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees.

Attempts to render our data or systems (or those of third parties with whom we do business) corrupted or unusable.

Threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure committees to ensure that our risk management programs are functioning properly.

To help reduce the likelihood of cybersecurity incidents, employees and as well as those of third parties with whom we do contractors are required to complete information security business.

We annually review our security awareness training to ensure.

The Information and Operational Technology Security team that it is up to date on current security challenges and the is responsible for cybersecurity strategy and planning. company’s security objectives.

Security Protection policy, which is approved by senior leaders.

Directors has broad oversight responsibility for our risk management programs.

This may give rise to small differences between the intensity we report for our GHG target purposes and our total greenhouse gas intensity.

The company set a medium term target to reduce our gross operated and net equity operational GHG emissions intensity by 50% to 60% by 2030, from a 2016 baseline.

Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips with acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting.

To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior years as needed.

Routine flaring is defined as flaring that occurs during the normal production of oil in the absence of sufficient facilities to utilize the gas onsite, dispatch it to a market, or reinject it.

Intensity value may change as EUR data are updated.

Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.

For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.

MBOED Thousands of Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day.

Represents quantities available for sale and excludes gas equivalent of natural gas liquids.

Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips with acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting.

To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior years as needed.

Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.

For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.

Please refer to our Flaring definitions and volumes as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Flaring definitions and volumes as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Flaring definitions and volumes as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon Spills related data as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

ConocoPhillips is aligned with the IPIECA Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry.

This scope of this guidance pertains to hydrocarbon spills over 1 bbl and that is what is reported in our performance metrics tables.

BOE expressed as BOE EUR for unconventional assets.

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon Spills related data as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

ConocoPhillips is aligned with the IPIECA Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry.

This scope of this guidance pertains to hydrocarbon spills over 1 bbl and that is what is reported in our performance metrics tables.

Please refer to our Hydrocarbon Spills related data as reported in Performance Metrics by Country.

ConocoPhillips is aligned with the IPIECA Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry.

This scope of this guidance pertains to hydrocarbon spills over 1 bbl and that is what is reported in our performance metrics tables.

Employee workhours based on headcount reports from HR. Contractor hours based on factors applied to spend (by activity type).

Attention: Scope 3 emissions from the use of sold products are released when the hydrocarbons produced and marketed by natural gas and oil companies are combusted by consumers.

GHG emissions from the use of sold products are not within a company’s control, and it should be noted that not 100% of the hydrocarbon products produced refined sold by the company may be combusted at the end of the product life cycle.

Scope 3 emissions lead to extensive multiple counting of GHG emissions across the economy.

Therefore, it is inaccurate to add together Scope 3 emissions reported by individual companies in order to ascertain GHG emissions from consumers’ use of oil and natural gas products.

For example, an oil and natural gas company’s Scope 3 emissions represent Scope 1 and or Scope 2 emissions for fuel consumers (e.g., electric utility combusting natural gas, individuals using gasoline, manufacturers purchasing natural gas to power their operations).

Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system.

Scope 3 emissions are also not indicative of a company’s strategy to manage potential climate risks and opportunities nor of a company’s commercial strategy or viability.

The accuracy of the information reflected in our report is very important to us.

ConocoPhillips reports our sustainability performance using internationally recognized reporting standards and frameworks.

ERM CVS has provided independent limited assurance of the disclosures and the 2022 data for all the metrics in the performance tables.

ERM CVS assurance activities included reviewing evidence for the disclosures in the report, interviewing content owners and subject matter experts as required in order to substantiate and corroborate the disclosures, and testing the data for the performance metrics at both corporate and operational levels, via in person and virtual reviews with selected operations.

Principles, TCFD and SASB disclosures for stakeholder convenience and we continue to assess alignment with other frameworks.

We provide information to CDP for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index and other organizations that assess the ESG performance of companies.

E S QualityScore, all of which rate us based on publicly available information.

The ConocoPhillips Internal Audit group, which reports to the Audit and Finance Committee, also provided limited assurance of the data included in the report.

The company’s Environmental Assurance (EA) team managed and utilized a global centralized data reporting system to collect, review and manage environmental metrics.

Annual data is submitted by business units (BUs) using a global reporting system.

This data is generated locally according to our company.

Environmental Metrics Reporting Practice which outlines requirements, established standardized methods and reporting procedures.

All submitted metrics are reviewed for gaps, trends, variances and anomalies by the corporate EA team prior to final approval and external assurance.

Limited assurance1 is performed by an external third party, ERM CVS, on all environmental metrics as well as reasonable assurance2 in countries with a regulatory requirement to verify reported greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy (where relevant), including Australia, Canada and Norway.

In the BU, the data was vetted by technical peers and leaders.

When the final BU data was submitted to the central reporting system for corporate level review, it contained an explanation for all variances greater than 10% from the prior year.

The corporate EA team reviewed data for completeness and accuracy.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022176Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance After this process, the data was presented to company leaders via our internal approvals process, who had an opportunity to review and challenge the information.

Final data was submitted for executive level approval prior to publishing.

To honor our commitment to continuously improve the quality of our environmental metrics data, a multi functional team works with BUs to review our reporting processes.

To provide the most current and accurate data available, we update previously reported data for prior years as needed.

The company’s Human Resources (HR) team utilized a centralized data management system known as the HR data warehouse to collect and analyze human capital data and track performance metrics.

At the beginning of each month, the previous month’s data is compiled and reviewed for trends and outliers to ensure quality, completeness and accuracy.

Working closely with BUs and subject matter experts, data inconsistencies and gaps are corrected and completed.

Human capital metrics are then validated by two systems and two groups, the Employee.

The corporate HR leadership team reviews and approves the data and metrics on a quarterly basis.

At the beginning of each year, we review the collective year end data of the previous year for completeness and accuracy.

After the seventh workday following year end, data is locked for all external reports and disclosures.

The following terms and abbreviations may be commonly used in this report.

We have been honored for our sustainable development performance and success.

Founding member of the United States Business Council for Sustainable Development.

ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022180 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT This report contains forward looking statements as defined under the federal securities laws.

Forward looking statements relate to future events, plans and anticipated results of operations, business strategies, and other aspects of our operations or operating results.

Words and phrases such as anticipate, estimate, believe, budget, continue, could, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, seek, should, will, would, expect, objective, projection, forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target and other similar words can be used to identify forward looking statements.

However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward looking.

Where, in any forward looking statement, the company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to be reasonable at the time such forward looking statement is made.

However, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control.

Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in the forward looking statements.

Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from what is presented include changes in commodity prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels global and regional changes in the demand, supply, prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from any ongoing military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the global response to such conflict, security threats on facilities and infrastructure, or from a public health crisis or from the imposition or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by OPEC and other producing countries and the resulting company or third party actions in response to such changes insufficient liquidity or other factors, such as those listed herein, that could impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends such that we suspend our share repurchase program and reduce, suspend, or totally eliminate dividend payments in the future, whether variable or fixed changes in expected levels of oil and gas reserves or production potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks or unsuccessful exploratory activities unexpected cost increases, inflationary pressures or technical difficulties in constructing, maintaining or modifying company facilities legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing global climate change or other environmental concerns public health crises, including pandemics (such as COVID 19) and epidemics and any impacts or related company or government policies or actions investment in and development of competing or alternative energy sources potential failures or delays in delivering on our current or future low carbon strategy, including our inability to develop new technologies disruptions or interruptions impacting the transportation for our oil and gas production international monetary conditions and exchange rate fluctuations changes in international trade relationships or governmental policies, including the imposition of price caps, or the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs on any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the operation of our business, including any sanctions imposed as a result of any ongoing military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine our ability to collect payments when due, including our ability to collect payments from the government of Venezuela or PDVSA our ability to complete any announced or any future dispositions or acquisitions on time, if at all the possibility that regulatory approvals for any announced or any future dispositions or acquisitions will not be received on a timely basis, if at all, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or our remaining business business disruptions following any announced or future dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention the ability to deploy net proceeds from our announced or any future dispositions in the manner and timeframe we anticipate, if at all potential liability for remedial actions under existing or future environmental regulations potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, including litigation related directly or indirectly to our transaction with Concho Resources Inc. the impact of competition and consolidation in the oil and gas industry limited access to capital or insurance or significantly higher cost of capital or insurance related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets or investor sentiment general domestic and international economic and political conditions or developments, including as a result of any ongoing military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine changes in fiscal regime or tax, environmental and other laws applicable to our business and disruptions resulting from accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cybersecurity threats or information technology failures, constraints or disruptions and other economic, business, competitive and or regulatory factors affecting our business generally as set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Unless legally required, ConocoPhillips expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors The SEC permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose only proved, probable and possible reserves.

We may use the term resource in this report that the SEC’s guidelines prohibit us from including in filings with the SEC.

U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the oil and gas disclosures in our Form 10 K and other reports and filings with the SEC.

Copies are available from the SEC and from the ConocoPhillips website.

Annual Report The ConocoPhillips Annual Report and Form 10 K provides details on the company’s financial and operating performance, a letter from our chairman and chief executive officer, and additional shareholder information.

The report is available on our website at www.conocophillips.com annualreport.