2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 

The world leader in serving science

About this report

Letter from our CEO

Our Company 

Our CSR commitment

Operations

Colleagues

Communities

Environment

Endnotes

Awards

Data summary

Appendices

3

4

5

9

13

21

32

39

45

47

48

53

2

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make 
the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

About this report

Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) report reflects our 

Medical Equipment and Devices, and the Task Force on Climate-

commitment to society and our stakeholders and details our progress 

Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In line with our commitment to 

on relevant environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities. The 

transparency, we are continuously working to enhance our reporting 

content of this report is presented in line with our CSR strategy, which 

and disclosure. See Appendices 1 through 5 for more information.

is focused on four key pillars: Operations, Colleagues, Communities 

and Environment. 

To provide further visibility to all our stakeholders, this year we have 

incorporated additions and changes to our reporting content and 

This publication covers Thermo Fisher Scientific’s CSR programs, 

structure. Our governance information can now be found in the  

achievements and performance for our fiscal year from January 1 to 

section Our CSR commitment, where we also cover sustainable 

December 31, 2021. On December 8, 2021, the Company acquired 

finance. We have added a section titled Data summary, which presents 

PPD, Inc., a leading global provider of clinical research services to the 

our consolidated key performance indicators for our fiscal year 2021. 

pharma and biotech industry. Unless otherwise noted, PPD data is not 

For select environmental performance metrics, Bureau Veritas has 

included in the scope of this report. 

provided independent external assurance. Assured data is marked as 

To prepare this report, we considered internationally recognized 

standards, guidelines and frameworks and have included a 

reference index for each of the following: United Nations Sustainable 

such in the Data summary, and a copy of the Assurance Statement 

provides details of the assurance scope, standards used, work 

undertaken and conclusions. 

Development Goals (SDGs), the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 

For questions or comments regarding this report or Thermo Fisher’s  

Standards, the Value Reporting Foundation’s SASB Standards for 

CSR approach, please contact us at responsibility@thermofisher.com.

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

thermofisher.com/csr

3

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrLetter from our CEO

At Thermo Fisher, everything we do 
is driven by our Mission to enable our 
customers to make the world healthier, 
cleaner and safer. It is our purpose—the 
heart of who we are as a Company—and it 
inspires our more than 100,000 colleagues 
to bring their best every day. As the world 
leader in serving science, we know we are 
here to help make the world a better place. 

I’m very proud of the way we delivered on 
that responsibility in 2021, and I’m deeply 
grateful to our global team for making it 
possible because of the importance of 
the work we do every day. As we help our 
customers diagnose diseases, develop 
new treatments, protect our planet and 
keep people safe, we’re committed to 
conducting our business the right way. 
One important aspect of this lies in 
creating a great work environment for  
our colleagues. 

We continue to build a vibrant and inclusive 
culture that embraces unique perspectives 
and inspires our team members to achieve 
their full potential. I’m proud that Thermo 
Fisher is included on Forbes’ list of the 
World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies 
and that we’ve received a 100% ranking 
for LGBTQ+ workplace equality from the 
Human Rights Campaign for the seventh 
consecutive year. And once again, Fortune 
has named us one of the World’s Most 
Admired Companies.

Yet, the truest test of our culture is the 
feedback we receive from our own team, 
and one way we gather it is through our 
annual Employee Involvement Survey (EIS). 
Our 2021 results were our best yet and 
told us that our colleagues feel very proud 
of what we do, have confidence in our 
leadership, are deeply engaged and feel 
that we create an inclusive environment. 
Of course, there’s always more we can do, 
and we’ll continue to make Thermo Fisher 
an even better place to work.

One of the most wonderful attributes of 
our Thermo Fisher family is our colleagues’ 
passion for making a difference in their 
communities. In 2021, we collectively 
supported more than 100,000 students 
through our corporate science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) programs 
and colleague-led Community Action 
Councils (CACs). 

We also continued to invest in our 
Foundation for Science, which amplifies 
our longstanding support for STEM 
education access. Through the Just 
Project, we extended our support of free 
COVID-19 testing at historically Black 
colleges and universities (HBCUs). The 
Just Project also includes our commitment 
to hire at least 500 HBCU graduates 
through 2023, strengthening diversity 
and inclusion (D&I) within our Company 

while also helping to address inequities in 
our society. Another powerful example of 
this is our $25 million impact investment 
to support Black businesses and 
communities.

Our global responsibility to society also 
encompasses environmental stewardship, 
which we bring to life in many ways. 
We provide technologies that enable 
scientists to study climate change and help 
manufacturers monitor emissions to keep 
air and water clean. 

We continue to develop greener products 
so our customers can achieve their 
sustainability goals. In fact, our fully 
recyclable paper cooler—packaging 
that our teams developed in 2019 for 
our temperature-sensitive life sciences 
products—has already eliminated the use 
of enough extruded polystyrene foam to fill 
24 Olympic-sized swimming pools. 

In 2021, we took another significant step 
by committing to net-zero emissions by 
2050, which builds on our near-term 
carbon reduction targets. Well before 
that time, we will transition away from 

fossil fuels and accelerate our use of 
new renewable electricity sources. Our 
Germering, Germany site is setting 
the example of how we will achieve 
this goal. Their use of renewables has 
resulted in zero emissions from the site’s 
infrastructure.

To continue providing greater visibility 
to these priorities and our performance, 
we are actively enhancing the external 
disclosures for our ESG activities. To 
further advance our ESG strategy, we 
published a Sustainable Financing 
Framework that outlines how we support 
global health equity, social justice, eco-
friendly scientific discovery and protecting 
the environment.

I’m very proud of the progress our 
Company is making. Not only are these 
actions benefitting society, but they 
are strengthening our Company and 
making us a better partner for all of our 
stakeholders. 

I encourage you to read more about our 
contributions in this report, and I invite you 
to join us on this journey.

Marc N. Casper
Chairman, President and CEO

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

thermofisher.com/csr

Our Company

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science. Our Mission is to enable 
our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Our global team of more than 
100,0001 dedicated colleagues helps our customers discover new therapies and medicines, 
protect the environment, make sure our food is safe and advance science through thousands of 
other bold projects that improve millions of lives. 

Our Mission in action

We bring our Mission to life in the work we do to make a difference for our customers and for society.  

The following are examples of our Mission in action.

We enable healthier outcomes, including through a public-private partnership accelerating research that 

can fill the unmet medical needs of an estimated 3002 million people who suffer from rare diseases globally.

We support a cleaner world, including through technologies that support the development of more 

efficient and powerful batteries that have the potential to revolutionize the electric vehicle industry.

We build safer communities, including through our personal radiation detectors, which protect security 

teams and first responders so they can keep the public safe from radiation incidents.

Our values

Thermo Fisher’s 4i Values make up the foundation of our culture and guide our colleagues’ interactions— 

with our customers, suppliers and partners, communities and with each other. 

Integrity

Intensity

Innovation

Involvement

5

Our brands

Our industry-leading brands enable our customers to push science and technology a step beyond where they are today. 

Analytical precision 
and diagnostics 
excellence

Inspiring meaningful 
genetic analysis

Accelerating 
discovery research

One-stop access for 
scientific products

Instrument and 
enterprise services

Pharma services 

Drug development 
and clinical trials

PPD is the latest addition to our portfolio, enhancing our capabilities to serve our pharma and biotech customers. By enabling them to 

accelerate innovation and increase productivity within the drug development process, we help these customers reduce the time and cost of 

bringing life-changing medicines to the patients who need them.

Our performance

What we do matters, and that fuels our success

Each day, our colleagues positively impact science and society through their incredible passion, commitment and excellence. In 2021, 

our team once again delivered outstanding financial performance and advanced the track record of success, leadership and value 

creation for which Thermo Fisher is known. Read more about our financial performance in our latest Annual Report.

Revenue

Complementary segments

$39.2B

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

$20.9B

15% 
Analytical Instruments

15% 
Specialty Diagnostics 

$39.2B 
Revenue

35% 
Life Sciences Solutions 

35% 
Laboratory Products & 

Biopharma Services 

6

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr2021 highlights

Mission
Mission

Operations

Colleagues

Communities

Environment

11B+

diagnostic tests enabled

$1.4B 39%

spent on research and 
development (R&D)

of US colleague population is 
racially and ethnically diverse

$25M

impact investments to 
support racial equity

1M

93%

86%

patients served per day with 
medicines we manufactured

of sites adhere to cGMP,  
ISO 9001 and/or ISO 13485

of colleagues participated  
in annual survey 

100K+

students reached through 
STEM education

12%

reduction in absolute Scope 
1 and 2 emissions from 
2018 baseline

60+

Thermo Fisher manufacturing 
sites using 100% renewable 
electricity

170K+ $2B

48%

organ transplants supported

spent with small and  
diverse businesses

global leadership hires filled 
internally

4,130+

nonprofit organizations 
supported

470

lab products with third-party 
environmental impact label

7

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrInnovation

At Thermo Fisher, we facilitate growth and 

discovery across the scientific community. 

Globally, we have been issued 7,500 

patents over the last five years. 

In 2021, we increased our investment in 

R&D by approximately 19% to $1.4 billion. 

These investments drive innovation across 

our business and strengthen our support 

of customers. As an example, in 2021, we 

announced new strategic partnerships with 

the Mayo Clinic, the University of California, 

Davis, and the University of California, San 

Francisco. Through these collaborations, 

we are supporting the development of 

cutting-edge cancer and cell-based 

therapies, enhancing diagnostics research 

and accelerating the adoption of precision 

medicine. 

Our commitment to innovation enables our 

customers to advance their important work 

and make the world a healthier place. 

Investment in R&D

2021 

2020 

2019 

$1.4B

$1.2B

$1.0B

Feature story

Striving to make the best therapies 
accessible to all

Over the past decade, our customers have made 

It supports the development and commercialization 

significant strides in precision medicine with dozens 

of allogeneic, off-the-shelf therapies that have the 

of novel therapies that allow for more personalized 

potential to make targeted cancer treatment more 

and targeted approaches to treatment. When fighting 

affordable and accessible to the many cancer 

cancer, one prominent cell therapy, chimeric antigen 

patients in need.

receptor T (CAR T), harvests a patient’s immune 

T-cells, modifies them to target and kill cancer cells, 

and then reintroduces those cells back into the 

patient. This therapy has been proven to prevent the 

relapse of blood cancers. Learn how CAR T helped 

five-year-old Gideon and his family find hope again. 

Unfortunately, the highly customized CAR T approach 

is costly. To make treatment more accessible, our 

customers have been exploring ways to scale by using 

healthy donor T-cells (allogeneic therapies) instead 

of T-cells from the individual patient (autologous 

therapies). If successful, CAR T could become more 

cost-efficient and widely used. 

In 2021, we delivered a product to help 

customers bring this life-saving therapy to 

patients faster. Thermo Fisher’s Gibco™ CTS™ 

Precision medicine is 
revolutionizing cancer care. We 
are committed to supporting 
researchers in advancing the 
development of allogeneic cell 
therapies, which can make 
these life-saving treatments 
more affordable and widely 
accessible to cancer patients.

OpTmizer™ Pro Serum-Free Medium is a first-of-

—  Daniella Cramp  

its-kind media solution specifically formulated to 

culture healthy donor cells for use in cell therapies. 

Senior Vice President and President, BioProduction, 
Thermo Fisher Scientific

8

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
Our CSR commitment

Operations

Colleagues

Leveraging our 
capabilities to support 
our customers while 
conducting our business and 
relationships with integrity

Providing resources 
and embracing unique 
perspectives to reach our full 
potential as one global team

Communities

Making a difference 
worldwide with an 
emphasis on promoting 
STEM education and 
global health equity

Environment

Innovating to serve our 
customers while actively 
minimizing our global 
footprint

CSR strategy

As the world leader in serving science, 

the products and services we provide 

to our customers help them tackle 

some of the world’s greatest societal 

and environmental challenges. Given 

our industry position, the scale of our 

operations, the talent of our colleagues 

and the depth of our capabilities—all 

powered by our culture of continuous 

improvement—Thermo Fisher is uniquely 

qualified to positively impact the global 

community. 

Every day, our colleagues are motivated 

knowing we are contributing to a more 

sustainable world for future generations. 

For us, this starts with our Mission 

and how it inspires the way we run our 

business. 

We focus our CSR approach on four 

key pillars—Operations, Colleagues, 

Communities and Environment. Our 

strategic framework, comprised of our key 

pillars, enables us to effectively prioritize 

and successfully manage the ESG 

issues fundamental to our business and 

central to building a sustainable future. 

To advance our approach and report on 

our progress, we consider internationally 

recognized standards, guidelines 

and reference frameworks. For more 

information, see Appendices 1 through 5. 

Corporate 
governance

We believe strong corporate governance 

is important to ensure that Thermo Fisher 

is managed for the long-term benefit of 

our shareholders and other stakeholders. 

Our success requires a robust and flexible 

corporate governance framework to support 

the Board of Directors (Board) in conducting 

its duties. Corporate governance policies 

Our CSR strategy positions Thermo Fisher 

and practices are periodically reviewed, 

for long-term success, leadership and 

and, as appropriate, the Board adopts 

competitiveness as we continue to create 

new practices that serve the best interests 

a great place to work for our colleagues, 

of the Company and our stakeholders.

provide high-quality products for our 

The Board applies a continuous process 

customers, deliver strong returns for our 

to oversight and monitoring, assessing 

shareholders, make a difference in our 

communities and reduce our impact on 

the environment.  

both opportunities for and potential risks to 

the Company. Key responsibilities include 

oversight of strategy, oversight of risk and 

succession planning.

Corporate governance framework 
highlights

•  Board refreshment:  

The Board actively manages 
composition and refreshment with the 
aim of achieving a value-creating and 
balanced mix of skills, experience, 
perspective, tenure and background. 
The importance of diversity within Board 
refreshment is evidenced by recent 
additions that increase the directors 
who are women, racially and ethnically 
diverse, born outside the US and current 
or former CEOs. Our current goal is 
for 30% of our Board to be gender 
diverse by our 2023 annual meeting of 
shareholders.

•  Annual director elections
•  Majority voting for election of directors
•  Board oversight of CSR and ESG
•  Active and robust shareholder 

engagement

•  Declassified Board of Directors
•  Shareholder right to call special meetings
•  Proxy access by shareholders
•  Shareholder right to act by  

written consent 

9

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrCybersecurity

Thermo Fisher recognizes the importance 

of maintaining the trust and confidence of 

our customers and colleagues. To more 

effectively prevent, detect and respond 

to information security threats, we have 

a dedicated Chief Information Security 

Officer whose team is responsible for 

leading Company-wide information 

security strategy, policy, standards, 

architecture and processes. This includes 

regularly benchmarking our capabilities 

Financing a 
sustainable future 

At Thermo Fisher, we embed our ESG 

priorities within our operations to drive 

ownership and progress toward our 

commitments. In 2021, our corporate 

Feature story

Promoting equity in finance

Minority-, women- and veteran-owned business enterprises (MWVBEs) 

have long been underrepresented in the financial services industry, 

hindering innovation and overlooking more than $1 trillion in US gross 

finance organization implemented business 

domestic product (GDP) potential alone. When we launched Thermo 

practices to advance equity and impact 

Fisher’s Sustainable Financing Framework and planned to issue our 

through our investment and treasury 

inaugural sustainability bond offering, we enlisted five trusted MWVBEs 

strategies.

against those of our peers to ensure 

Diverse partners

our program is in line with current best 

practices. Additionally, as part of its risk 

oversight function, the Board oversees our 

cybersecurity program through the Audit 

Committee, ensuring we have the policies 

and processes in place to manage evolving 

threats. Both the Audit Committee and the 

full Board receive regular reports from the 

Chief Information Security Officer and the 

Chief Information Officer on, among other 

things, the Company’s cyber risks and 

threats, the status of projects to strengthen 

our information security systems, 

assessments of our security program and 

the emerging threat landscape. 

For the details of our Corporate 

Governance Guidelines, Corporate Bylaws, 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 

Board of Directors and Board Committees, 

public policy engagement, executive 

compensation, and UK tax policy, please 

visit our investor relations webpage,  

CSR webpage and our most recent  

proxy statement. 

Over the course of the year, we continued 

to grow the network of minority-, women- 

and veteran-owned banking partners 

supporting our corporate financial plan. 

By enlisting these firms in elevated roles 

and on repeat issuances, we advanced 

our capital-raising strategies while driving 

equity and economic opportunity for them. 

Impact investments

Impact investments in minority-serving 

financial institutions help empower 

historically disenfranchised communities. 

Leveraging the market for both financial 

and social returns, in 2021, we committed 

impact investments totaling $25 million 

to address racial disparities in health, 

wealth and opportunity. The $20 million 

committed to the Local Initiatives Support 

Corporation’s (LISC) Black Economic 

Development Fund increased financing 

to Black-led financial institutions, anchor 

institutions and businesses. Through the 

Hope Credit Union’s Transformational 

in our underwriting syndicate. Academy Securities, AmeriVet Securities, 

Blaylock Van, Loop Capital and R. Seelaus & Company were among our 

portfolio of partners and, during 2021, served as active co-managers for 

$9 billion of Thermo Fisher bonds issuances in the US and passive co-

managers for €8 billion of bonds issued in Europe. Included in the latter 

was our first sustainability bond issuance. With their diverse expertise, 

perspectives and networks, these five institutions helped maximize investor 

demand for our offering, which raised €550 million toward increasing 

access to healthcare, vaccines and medicines; building sustainable equity 

and inclusion; enabling eco-friendly scientific discovery; and protecting and 

preserving the environment. By partnering with MWVBEs, we achieve our 

financial goals while advancing social justice and economic inclusion.

When we serve as an active co-manager 
of a large and important transaction like 
Thermo Fisher’s, we accelerate our mission 
to create and enhance the opportunity set for 
women in finance and the community. Our 
success allows us to increase investments 
in maternal health, financial literacy and girls’ 
empowerment programs.

—  Elizabeth Peck  

Managing Director, R. Seelaus & Co.

10

Deposits Program, we took a regional 

approach depositing $5 million to help 

finance small businesses, housing 

and healthcare in five US states in the 

South—Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, 

Mississippi and Tennessee. Supporting 

areas underserved by the banking system, 

we are helping to strengthen Black-owned 

businesses, Black entrepreneurs and Black 

communities in the US.

Sustainable financing

In 2021, we published our first Sustainable 

Financing Framework and, in November, 

launched a €550 million sustainability bond, 

which was among the first to be issued 

by a life sciences company. Within the 

underwriting syndicate for this inaugural 

offering, co-managers of the transaction 

included Black-, Hispanic-, veteran- and 

women-owned firms. 

Our framework

Our Sustainable Financing Framework 

advances initiatives that are fundamental 

to our business and deliver the most 

positive social and environmental impacts. 

In a positive second-party opinion from 

independent reviewer Sustainalytics, our 

framework is cited as being “credible and 

impactful” as well as “robust, transparent, 

and in alignment with the core components 

of the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, 

Green Bond Principles 2021, and Social 

Bond Principles 2021.” 

Feature story

Catalyzing economic development 

As part of our commitment to driving diversity and 

MLK Gateway Plaza II is being built. The mixed-use 

inclusion throughout our business, Thermo Fisher 

commercial development project is being led by a 

has engaged in impact investing to advance equity 

local, Black-owned real estate services firm that, 

through our financial practices. 

in 2021, closed an $8 million bridge loan financed 

by the LISC initiative Thermo Fisher supports. The 

project has sparked significant local partnerships 

and engaged minority-owned contractors and 

subcontractors. Confirmed tenants include a 

government agency as the anchor and national 

companies, job training programs, retailers and 

neighborhood amenities that will accelerate the 

revitalization of this historic community. 

The multiplier effect of impact investing allows 

our Company to drive sustainable and inclusive 

growth. One example is in Washington, DC’s most 

underinvested neighborhood, where more than 

90% of residents are Black and the community is 

plagued by the city’s highest rates of poverty, food 

insecurity and chronic disease.3 This is where the 

These types of projects 
Thermo Fisher has invested in 
set off a chain of events—first 
by growing businesses that 
have diverse head-counts, 
next by indirectly supporting 
diverse subcontractors 
and finally by benefiting 
underserved communities.

—  George Ashton 

President, LISC Fund Management, LLC

11

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrThese principles and guidelines, published 

by the International Capital Markets 

Association, promote the integrity of the 

sustainable financing market.

Eligible projects

The linkage between each eligible project 

category and the relevant UN SDGs is 

outlined throughout our framework. 

Our framework prioritizes innovations and 

investments in the following social and 

Accountability 

As part of our commitment to post-

issuance transparency, Thermo Fisher 

intends to measure and publicly report 

on the allocation of net proceeds and the 

societal and environmental impacts resulting 

from any sustainable finance instrument. 

Reporting will recur annually until full 

allocation of the net proceeds, with the 

accompanying management attestation  

and auditor limited assurance.

environmental areas:

Increasing access to healthcare, 
vaccines and medicines

Advancing racial equity and  
social justice

Protecting and preserving the 
environment

Enabling eco-friendly scientific 
discovery

Social projects eligible for financing through 

the framework will either support our 

COVID-19 pandemic response or D&I efforts 

across our workforce, business relationships 

and business practices. 

Eligible green projects outlined in the 

framework fall into five categories: 

•  Renewable energy

•  Energy efficiency

•  Green buildings

•  Sustainable supply chain

•  Sustainable products and processes

12

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr01

Operations

At Thermo Fisher, integrity is fundamental to all aspects 

of our business. As our customers advance life-changing 

science, they rely on the depth of our capabilities and 

trust in the rigor of our ethical practices.

Our unwavering commitment to the highest ethical, 

quality and safety standards allows us to meet customer 

demand with speed and at scale.

Ethics & 
compliance

Quality 
management

Environment, 
health & safety

Supply chain 
transparency

To enable our customers’ success in an increasingly competitive global environment, we leverage our Practical Process 
Improvement (PPI) Business System which optimizes processes, solves challenges and reduces inefficiencies. Activated by 
our colleagues, PPI ensures we work smarter for and deliver greater value to our customers. It drives productivity and improves 
product and service quality to strengthen customer allegiance. 

Worldwide, Thermo Fisher takes measures to ensure strong global citizenship practices both internally and across our business 
relationships. We are committed to conducting our business ethically and in full compliance with our internal systems and the 
laws of the countries in which we operate. 

Ethics & compliance

Integrity is one of Thermo Fisher’s 
4i Values, reminding us to honor our 
commitments, communicate openly 
and demonstrate the highest ethical 
standards. 

We require our colleagues to uphold 
these practices and comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in the 
conduct of our business. The foundation 
of our compliance program is our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, which 
covers a broad range of topics, including, 
but not limited to, policies related to 
conflicts of interest, honest and ethical 
fair dealing, human rights, insider trading, 
export control awareness, health and 
safety, privacy matters, and sexual 
harassment. 

Engaging colleagues in compliance

We train, empower and rely on our 
colleagues to maintain the highest levels 
of integrity in our operations. That is why 
all directors, officers and colleagues of 
the Company must annually certify that 
they have reviewed and are in compliance 

with this code. In addition, all colleagues 
receive annual training on specific 
code elements to ensure they have a 
thorough understanding of the ethics and 
compliance expectations at Thermo Fisher.

Several reporting mechanisms are 
readily available if a colleague ever has 
concerns that our policies or expectations 
are not being upheld. Colleagues are 
encouraged to report any issues to the 
Human Resources or Legal departments 
or through our Ethics Hotline. The Ethics 
Hotline staff, in conjunction with our Legal 
department, review and investigate reports 
and take appropriate action. All concerns 
and complaints related to accounting or 
auditing are also forwarded to the Audit 
Committee of the Board of Directors. For 
more information on how colleagues are 
encouraged to and protected when they 
report issues on ethics and compliance, 
please refer to our CSR webpage.

A culture of integrity

Regular ethics, compliance and culture 
communications that leverage engaging 

technology tools help us drive colleague 
learning, dialogue and vigilance.

This year’s annual Compliance and 
Ethics Week featured a wide range of 
topics, including data privacy, healthcare 
compliance, government contracts, anti-
bribery and anti-corruption, and global 
trade compliance. The learning experience 
also included a new podcast playlist and, 
through friendly competition, colleagues 
tested their knowledge with interactive 
games.

In addition to fostering awareness and 
understanding, we evaluate the extent to 
which our colleagues feel empowered and 
supported to raise concerns.  

Our annual Employee Involvement Survey 
(EIS) is an important listening tool that 
provides insights to further shape our 
culture of integrity. Read more about  
our EIS in the Colleagues section of  
this report. 

14

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
Bioethics

As the world leader in serving science, 
Thermo Fisher plays a critical role in promoting 
discovery and advancing scientific boundaries, 
enabling our customers to do important work 
each day. As science continues to evolve at 
an unprecedented pace, we also serve as a 
responsible steward of our technologies and 
their benefits to society. Our Company-wide 
bioethics framework and policy are monitored 
and managed by Thermo Fisher’s Bioethics 
Committee, which is comprised of a cross-
functional executive leadership team, including 
our Chief Scientific Officer. 

Data privacy in clinical trials

Through our clinical research business, we 
accelerate innovation and help our customers 
deliver life-changing therapies. In the US, 
our safeguards are governed by the Code 
of Federal Regulations as mandated by the 
US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). 
Additionally, our corporate commitment to 
data privacy, which applies to customers 
and colleagues, also protects trial participant 
information. With integrity and excellence, we 
are supporting vital research that accelerates 
promising medicines from early-stage 
development to market access.

Feature story

Cultivating diversity in clinical trials 

For years, there has been a demonstrated industry, 

scientific, regulatory and societal need to increase 

the inclusion of historically underrepresented patient 

populations in clinical trials. This is critical to ensuring 

medicines are tested in populations that will ultimately 

use them. It also broadens access to innovative 

investigational therapies for patients within specific 

therapeutic or disease areas. Our clinical research 

business has focused on helping customers meet 

expanding and changing regulatory requirements. This 

includes engaging representative, diverse demographic 

sub-groups in their clinical research studies through 

innovative patient-focused strategies. 

At a critical point during Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine 

trials, we took steps to partner with them and create a 

more balanced participant base. Moderna chose to slow 

its enrollment timeline to ensure appropriate inclusion of 

diverse communities that, early in the pandemic, were 

found to be disproportionately impacted by COVID-19. 

Through our targeted and inclusive recruitment efforts 

at this stage, 45% of the participants we added to the 

study were from underrepresented groups, whereas  

the industry average for diversity inclusion in clinical 

trials is 25%.4 

Thanks to the Moderna and PPD 
clinical research team, we were able 
to obtain a more inclusive diverse 
patient population for our trial. This 
was a vital step toward earning 
regulatory approval for the vaccine 
in order to help protect patients and 
save millions of lives. 

—  Melanie Ivarsson, PhD 

Chief Development Officer, Moderna

25%

is the industry average 
for diversity in clinical 
trials according to the 
US FDA’s Center for 
Drug Evaluation and 
Research

45%

of the COVID-19 vaccine 
trial participants we 
added were from diverse 
backgrounds, made 
possible by our targeted 
and inclusive recruitment 
efforts

15

Quality management

Feature story

Our customers depend on our products 
and services to consistently meet their 
expectations, and delivering exceptional 
quality is vital to our long-term success. 
Given our global footprint and the varied 
regulatory requirements in the countries 
where we operate, our Company-wide 
Quality Policy ensures that our entire 
organization is focused on quality. The 
policy reinforces our commitment to 
continuous improvement and four key 
stakeholders: customers, colleagues, 
regulatory authorities, and of course, our 
Company. 

Quality management certifications

Given the diversity of businesses across 
Thermo Fisher, our sites hold different 
certifications. Worldwide, 93% of our sites 
adhere to cGMP5 and/or are certified to 
ISO 9001, ISO 13485 standards. Some 
sites, where applicable, additionally 
hold ISO 17025 certifications. All sites 

maintain appropriate certifications and 
registrations required by the regulators of 
the markets in which we sell our products. 
For an updated list of certified sites and 
accompanying standard certifications, 
please visit our CSR webpage. 

Competency & training

Policies, standard operating procedures 
and work instructions are managed 
through a selection of easily accessible 
platforms. For third-party audits or external 
audits, we demonstrate our training 
programs as part of the local compliance 
process. 

In addition to mandatory site and job-
specific training, we introduce and 
inform all new colleagues of our quality 
management system through our 
“Introduction to Quality” onboarding 
learning module, which outlines our  
quality management systems. 

Making Quality Personal 

In 2021, we introduced a new colleague education campaign to help 
reinforce our culture of quality. Making Quality Personal centers on the 
shared responsibility of every colleague to take personal ownership of 
quality and regulatory compliance. The program helps colleagues draw 
a connection between their work, our customers and end users, and the 
ultimate success of the Company.

Making Quality Personal is an interactive, facilitator-led learning 
opportunity. During the course, colleagues are guided through four  
modules showcasing the latest tools and techniques for making quality  
part of their daily work. This keeps the customer top of mind.

93%

of sites adhere to cGMP and/or 
are certified to ISO 9001, ISO 
13485 standards

16

Environment, health & safety 
management

Thermo Fisher is committed to protecting 

Our EHS-MS Policy in brief

the environment and the health and 

safety of our colleagues, customers and 

the communities in which we operate. 

We hold ourselves accountable to the 

commitments made in our Company-wide 

Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) 

Policy, and we implement a variety of 

robust systems and programs to ensure 

we meet its intent and expectations. All 

colleagues and business leaders are 

responsible for ensuring we adhere to this 

policy and maintain a safety-first mentality. 

EHS Management System Policy

We utilize our EHS Management System 

(EHS-MS) and the engagement and 

involvement of our colleagues to maintain 

a safe working environment. Our EHS-MS 

and leadership

1 Management support 
2 Colleague participation
3 Regulatory compliance
4 Hazard identification and 
5 Education and training
6 System evaluation and 

risk management

improvement

sets the requirements and performance 

For more details on the multiple 

expectations to implement our EHS 

requirements that must be met and 

Policy using a continuous improvement 

maintained for each element, visit our  

approach. All manufacturing, distribution 

CSR webpage.

and laboratory sites must adhere to these 

requirements. Our system has been 

adapted to Thermo Fisher’s structure and 

operating philosophy and is consistent with 

the principles of broadly accepted EHS-MS 

standards.6

17

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrCorporate EHS Compliance  
Audit Program

compiled and presented, including 

every level of the organization. Examples of 

recommendations to lower the risk of loss 

our best practices that contribute to these 

Our Corporate EHS Compliance Audit 

Program, which operates independently of 

individual business unit control, conducts 

periodic, objective and evidence-

based evaluations of our locations’ 

EHS compliance status. Our auditors 

evaluate site operations for compliance 

and improve business continuity planning 

trends include:

at the facility. From a Company-wide 

perspective, this site-level audit data is 

used to develop comprehensive strategies 

that build resilience into our global network 

and critical infrastructure through capital 

•  Monthly and quarterly safety bowler 

reviews

•  Hazard ID reporting and mitigation

•  Supervisor safety training platforms

investments and emergency planning.

• 

Improved incident management and  

investigation practices

•  Robust root-cause analysis with 

applicable corrective and  

preventive actions

Lost-time injury rate7 

(per 1 million person-

hours worked)

Total recordable  

injury rate8

2021: 0.20

2020: 0.19

2019: 0.20

2021: 0.45

2020: 0.50

2019: 0.63

with all applicable environmental, health 

Colleague safety 

and safety laws, regulations and other 

related standards we may adopt and 

endorse. This corporate-level audit 

function is in addition to requiring all 

applicable locations to implement and 

periodically verify their conformance to 

our EHS-MS Policy and conduct internal 

EHS compliance audits. This provides a 

dual-layer oversight system to objectively 

assess EHS risk at a site level. We 

also invoke a process for independent 

corporate corrective and preventive 

action to systematically drive closure of all 

outstanding EHS audit findings in a timely 

Our EHS professionals are vital to 

our Company’s success, helping us 

achieve our business goals by enabling 

productivity and quality improvements, 

ensuring stewardship of our colleagues 

and the environment and creating a strong 

culture of involvement. 

Thermo Fisher has established an 

EHS operation model that consists of 

a network of EHS professionals at the 

corporate, regional and site levels who 

work together to ensure compliance and 

drive continuous improvement.

manner. Our auditors work with each site 

This group of EHS subject matter 

to review closure evidence before formally 

experts spans a complex global 

closing out findings.

In addition to our internal EHS audit 

process, all of our major operating sites 

regulatory environment, creating value 

for the organization by ensuring the 

implementation of our EHS Policy.

go through regular external property/loss 

Our PPI Business System combined with 

prevention audits. Our facilities undergo 

our proactive approach to site safety has 

onsite audits to assess business resilience 

helped decrease our lost-time injury rate 

against the risks of fire and destruction 

(LTIR) and total recordable injury rate (TRIR) 

caused by natural catastrophes such as 

in recent years. Our downward incident 

hurricanes, floods, wildfires, earthquakes 

trends can be attributed to our strong 

and tornados. A site’s audit data is 

safety culture and safety commitments at 

Corporate Risk  
Management: 
EHS

Regional 
EHS 
Leadership

Site-Level  
EHS 
Leadership

400+

EHS professionals worldwide

18

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrSupply chain transparency

Supplier diversity

Our Supplier Diversity Program aims 

to proactively promote a procurement 

process that is more inclusive and 

representative of our customer base, 

our colleagues and the communities 

where we operate. Through it, we 

provide small and diverse businesses 

our plans. To maintain the integrity of our 

program, we only account for spending 

with diverse and small suppliers certified 

through a third party or registered with 

the Small Business Administration (SBA). 

We support data quality by engaging with 

a supplier diversity solution partner to 

validate the supplier’s certification status. 

with the opportunity to participate in 

In 2021, we established a partnership 

Thermo Fisher’s procurement events. 

with the Diversity Alliance for Science 

We understand that by implementing a 

(DA4S) Mentorship Program. This program 

supplier diversity program, we help create 

supports the development and success 

the conditions that stimulate favorable 

of diverse suppliers in the marketplace 

economic and social outcomes for 

through skill matching with mentoring 

small and traditionally underrepresented 

companies. The program runs on an 

business owners. We establish strong 

annual cycle and requires a full-year 

relationships with advocacy partners and 

commitment from both the mentee and 

certifying bodies that promote diverse and 

the mentoring organization. During our 

small business suppliers and participate 

first round of mentorship, we provided 

in various events and conferences to 

a diverse business owner with business 

increase the opportunity for matchmaking. 

planning and marketing coaching relevant 

Our Supplier Diversity Program is currently 

to the pharmaceutical industry. Our Chief 

active in the US, and there are plans to 

Procurement Officer, a category leader 

Diverse and small 

2021: $2.0B

supplier spend9

2020: $1.3B

2019: $0.7B

Responsible sourcing

operations in a manner consistent with 

sustainable and socially responsible 

business practices and policies. While 

recognizing differences in laws and 

customs around the world, we believe 

shared values are the cornerstone of 

expand to additional locations over time.

and a category analyst provided feedback 

Thermo Fisher has a large, complex 

supplier relationships. Therefore, we expect 

to the mentee throughout the year.

global supply chain with tens of 

all suppliers and their subcontractors to 

In 2021, we established our Corporate 

Supplier Diversity Policy, reinforcing our 

In that sense, the program also promotes 

commitment to supplier diversity and 

and expands skill-based mentoring within 

formalizing the program’s objectives and 

Thermo Fisher and offers colleagues the 

expectations. We also developed and 

opportunity to contribute in a meaningful 

completed mandatory internal training for 

way through knowledge and skill sharing.

thousands of suppliers. For the greatest 

be fully compliant with our Supplier Code 

impact, we engage most deeply with 

of Conduct. Our supplier contracts state 

roughly 2,300 suppliers who represent 

that we reserve the right to audit suppliers 

over 80% of our spend. We are also 

on all elements of this code and terminate 

committed to employing proper global 

a business relationship if it is determined 

citizenship practices in all of our business 

that a supplier is in violation and cannot 

our procurement and sourcing specialists 

in the US. These colleagues play a critical 

role in upholding our policy and executing 

To learn more about supplier diversity at 

relationships. As such, we expect all 

demonstrate sufficient improvement.

Thermo Fisher, visit our website.

suppliers to conduct their worldwide 

19

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrThermo Fisher adheres to international 

expectations related to supply chain 

practices and is committed to ensuring 

that we conduct our global business with 

respect for human rights and comply with 

applicable laws and fair labor practices. To 

access our statements on conflict minerals, 

human rights and modern slavery, visit our 

Global Supply Chain webpage.

Percentage of direct 

2025 (Target): 80%

materials spend 

2021: 31%

assessed for supplier 

2020: 13%

responsibility

Additionally, in 2021 we completed a 

scoping effort on all relevant Scope 3 

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, which 

indicated that roughly 75% of our indirect 

Our Supply Chain Risk Management 

emissions are generated in our upstream 

program is utilized to map, monitor and 

supply chain activities. To address these 

lower our supply chain risk based on 

emissions, we are engaging with suppliers 

a variety of internal and external risk 

and transportation carriers to set their  

factors, including environmental, social 

own science-based targets and report  

and governance risks in the regions where 

on progress.

We recognize that a united voice from 

top companies to their supply chains will 

incentivize participation from our partners 

and encourage investment in reporting, 

target-setting and emissions reduction. 

To read more about this plan, refer to the 

Environment section of this report. 

we do business. We use the globally 

recognized EcoVadis™ platform to assess 

and help accelerate improvements in 

our suppliers’ performance in practices 

affecting the environment, labor and 

human rights, ethics, and sustainable 

procurement, and to monitor compliance 

with our Supplier Code of Conduct. 

To properly assess risk to the extent 

necessary, our 2025 target is to enroll 

80% of direct materials suppliers in this 

program and for suppliers to meet or 

exceed our EcoVadis scoring threshold of 

45 to demonstrate a strong foundational 

program. All suppliers not meeting 

these expectations will engage with 

Thermo Fisher to deploy a corrective 

action plan and are reassessed annually 

until appropriate performance can be 

demonstrated. 

20

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr02 Colleagues

At Thermo Fisher, we are committed to creating 

a workforce reflecting the rich cultural, ethnic and 

experiential diversity of the world around us. As a 

Company that thrives on innovation, we understand 

that embracing diverse perspectives and experiences 

promotes creative problem solving and empowers our 

colleagues to contribute unique ideas that positively 

impact and inspire our customers and each other. 

We are dedicated to fostering and cultivating robust 

processes and practices around: 

Diversity & 
inclusion 

Culture

Talent 
management

Colleague population by region

91,770

colleagues globally10

2021

2020

2019

Our incredible global team

52.0%

51.6%

50.0%

32.3%

15.7%

Americas

32.8%

15.6%

Europe, Middle East, Africa

33.4%

16.6%

Asia Pacific

Our colleagues are our greatest advantage. They bring remarkable talent and dedication to their work each day, and the past two 
years have been no different. Throughout the pandemic, the commitment of our colleagues has allowed Thermo Fisher to continue to 
meet customer needs and accelerate our Company’s growth. Our success would not have been possible without every colleague’s 
contributions to making a positive impact on the world.

To acknowledge this, we have invested more than $1 billion in special Pandemic Response Recognition Payments throughout 2020 
and 2021. Excluding our most senior leaders, all colleagues were issued cash awards in March, July and October 2021 with amounts 
based on a percentage of base pay. Additionally, colleagues at certain organizational levels were granted a stock option award.

We are so thankful for our incredible global team. 
The special recognition payments we provided 
to our colleagues are an acknowledgment of the 
extraordinary role they have played in enabling our 
customers and driving Company performance 
throughout the pandemic. The success they helped 
us achieve made it possible for us to make additional 
investments in our colleagues, celebrating their 
unwavering commitment to delivering on our  
Mission during an unprecedented time. 

—  Lisa Britt  

Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer,  
Thermo Fisher Scientific

Diversity & inclusion

Our success as a Company is directly 
connected to our ability to attract and 
retain the best and brightest talent, 
welcoming them to a work environment 
where colleague differences are 
celebrated and supported. By actively 
fostering an inclusive workplace culture, 
our colleagues feel they belong, which 
empowers them to contribute, collaborate 
and innovate. To continue solving the 
world’s greatest challenges, we must 
reflect the diversity of our communities, 
customers and suppliers.

In striving to elevate the voices of all 
colleagues, we are also committed to 

facilitating access to the resources, 
programs and internal Company networks 
that will nurture their individual success. 
Our diversity & inclusion (D&I) strategy 
is embedded in every stage of the 
colleague experience—from recruiting 
and hiring to training, development 
and long-term career and succession 
planning. The strategic framework that 
guides our progress fosters an inclusive 
organizational culture, reinforces our 
infrastructure to ensure equitable practices 
and activates personal accountability for 
all to contribute to our success.

22

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrHighlights along our D&I journey

Five years of progress

2021

From 2017, increased global representation of women in 
executive management roles by 7.2%11B

From 2017, increased US representation of women in our 
workforce by 1%, including an 8.9% increase in executive 
management roles11B

From 2017, increased US representation of racially and 
ethnically diverse colleagues in our workforce by 6.2%, 
including a 2.3% increase in executive management roles11B

Our five-year D&I strategic plan has served as our roadmap and guided our progress 
since 2017. Over this time, we have continued to strengthen our culture of inclusion, 
embracing diversity as an essential aspect of fulfilling our Mission. Globally, we have 
increased the representation of women in executive management roles by 7.2% 
from 2017 to 2021. Over the same period, US representation of women increased 
by 1% and racially and ethnically diverse colleagues by 6.2%, including in 

executive management roles by 8.9% and 2.3%, respectively.11B 

Representation11

Global colleague population 

From 2017, launched more than 150 new chapters of 
Business Resource Groups (formerly Employee Resource 
Groups), which create community and elevate the voices and 
perspectives of colleagues across the Company

2021

2020

2019

56.6%

57.6%

58.8%

40.5%

3.0%

Male

40.2%

2.3%

Female

40.4%

0.8%

Undisclosed

Implemented improvements to the hiring process to 
achieve fairer outcomes by leveraging technology to 
reduce potential bias

2020

Strengthened our culture by designing colleague education 
modules on the topics of unconscious bias and belonging, 
and by launching a program to facilitate manager-led 
discussions on racial inequities

Invested in restructuring and scaling the D&I organization 
to embed experts within the different businesses and 
functions to support leaders in accelerating impact

Increased external partnerships to improve representation 
through initiatives focused on hiring and empowering 
diverse talent

Established targeted recruitment and development 
strategies to strengthen hiring and retention 

Gained an enhanced understanding of the demographics 
of our workforce through tools like our annual Employee 
Involvement Survey

2019

2018

2017

US colleague population

     2020

     2021

Women in our total colleague population

Women in executive management roles11B

Women in leadership roles11A 

41.3% 41.5%

30.2%12 35.1%

37.1%12 38.3%

Racially and ethnically diverse people in  

our total colleague population

37.4%12 39.1%

Racially and ethnically diverse people in  

executive management roles11B

22.2%12 23.2%

Racially and ethnically diverse people in  

leadership roles11A

28.3%12 30.3%

Additional details on our D&I and talent indicators can be found in the Data summary.

23

Award

Recognizing entity

America's Most Responsible Companies

Newsweek

Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion

Disability:IN

Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality

Human Rights Campaign

Great Place to Work

Great Place to Work™

Top 50 Employers of HBCU Students

HBCU Connect

World’s Most Admired Companies

Fortune

World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies

Forbes

Business Resource Groups

Nearly 10 years ago, we launched our  
first resource group for colleagues. Today, 
we are proud to sponsor nine global 
Business Resource Groups (BRGs) that 
represent a diverse set of affinities: 

•  African heritage
•  All generations 
•  Asian and Pacific Islander heritage
•  Individuals with disabilities 
•  Latino Hispanic heritage 
•  LGBTQ+ people
•  Veterans and military families 
•  Working parents and caregivers
•  Women

9

Business Resource Groups 

242 local chapters

BRGs play a critical role in building a 
culture that encourages and embraces 
differences and contributes to the 
Company’s long-term success. By 
fostering inclusion and belonging, building 
allyship, and supporting the career growth 
of colleagues, our BRGs collaborate 
with the global D&I team to deliver on 
our business objectives and strategic 
imperatives. Members of our Company 
leadership team serve as executive 
sponsors for BRGs to build allyship and 
understanding while also maximizing the 
success and impact of these groups. Our 
242 local BRG chapters then activate 
and embed this work deep within our 
organization and our local communities.

Culture

Thermo Fisher’s 4i Values of Integrity, 
Intensity, Innovation and Involvement 
are the foundation of our culture and 
fundamental to our continued growth. 
They guide our colleagues’ interactions 
with customers, suppliers, partners 
and each other. Our Involvement focus 
drives engagement, embraces unique 
perspectives and facilitates connections 
that enable colleagues to work as one 
global team in an environment where all 
are treated with dignity and respect. 

While feedback from our colleagues is our 
key measure of success, we are proud 
of the external recognition Thermo Fisher 
has received as a leader in our industry 
and an employer that prioritizes our 
people and our culture. In 2021, we were 
among those in Forbes’ inaugural ranking 
of the World’s Top Female-Friendly 
Companies.

Culture of belonging 

At Thermo Fisher, inclusion, 
empowerment, trust and continuous 
improvement of the colleague experience 
are the keys to building belonging. 
In September 2021, we hosted our 
inaugural Belonging Week with the theme 
We Belong Together. The focus of the 
five-day event was to foster a shared 
sense of identity, purpose, values and 
interdependence among colleagues. 
When colleagues feel a deep connection 
to the Company and their team, they  
can experience individual success and 
career fulfillment.

24

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
colleagues and is used to influence our 
Company-wide goals, drive leader action 
plans and develop more opportunities 
for colleagues to grow and innovate. To 
ensure universal accessibility, we have 
made the EIS mobile-friendly and available 
in 23 language offerings. The survey 
captures colleague feedback and provides 
comprehensive and insightful analytics to 
our leaders and managers in the following 
three areas:

Leadership  
Supporting managers and Company 
leadership to improve overall performance 

Inclusion  
Fostering a workplace where everyone is 
valued for their individual differences

Involvement  
Colleague engagement at the Company

We saw strong and increased participation 
in our 2021 EIS, with 86% of our 
colleagues completing the survey—an 
increase of two percentage points from 
the prior year. We also received more 
than 120,000 written comments. When 
colleagues take the time to provide this 
deeper feedback, it demonstrates they 
feel their opinions are truly valued. And 
with their detailed input, Thermo Fisher 
can be more nuanced and purposeful in 
how we continuously improve. 

For more information, including policies 
on Freedom of Association and Collective 
Bargaining Agreements, please refer to 
our Global Equal Employment Opportunity 
and Human Rights Policy.

Listening to our colleagues 

We take pride in our award-winning culture 
and work to continuously improve it. As 
a critical input to that process, we greatly 
value mutual transparency and feedback 
from our colleagues, which we track and 
quantify through our annual Employee 
Involvement Survey (EIS).

Each year, the EIS formally captures 
the voices and perspectives of our 

86% EIS survey participation  

by all colleagues

Culture of well-being 

Over the last few years, our colleagues 
have managed unprecedented challenges, 
both professionally and personally.  
To help them live full and healthy lives, 
we offer a comprehensive total rewards 
package. 

We support our colleagues with focused 
efforts to promote:

•  Health and happiness
•  Finances and the future
•  Advancement and recognition
•  Balance and time away

Globally, we offer Thermo Fisher colleagues 
and their families participation in our 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP). The 
EAP provides confidential assistance for a 
wide range of personal and work-related 
issues, including stress management, 
financial or legal concerns, and home life 
referrals. Our Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan (ESPP) is available in more than 20 
countries. We offer regular, full-time and 
part-time colleagues, including interns, the 
opportunity to purchase Company stock at 
a discount. Additionally, to further support 
personal and professional development, 
we provide tuition reimbursement to 
colleagues in the US, Canada and  
Puerto Rico. 

For more information on these and similar 
offerings, please refer to the benefits and 
total rewards section of our website.

To learn more about our culture of safety, 
please visit the Environment, health & 
safety section of this report. 

25

Culture of transparency 

We further promote a culture of trust 
through our commitment to transparency. 
Company goals, expectations and policies 
provide clear and consistent guidance 
that informs how we value and treat our 
colleagues and how they should engage 
with one another. Our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics is supported by our 
4i Values and reinforces our commitment 
to ethical business practices, including 
providing equal employment opportunities. 
This code expresses our belief that 
colleagues should be treated fairly and 
evaluated on their contributions, not on 
any personal attribute or characteristic. 

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrTalent management

The talent and extraordinary skillsets 
of our colleagues drive our business 
forward. We want all colleagues to 
achieve their career goals and aspirations, 
and we encourage them by investing in 
development at all career stages—from 
interns and early career professionals 
to managers and executive leaders. We 
remain committed to developing and 
managing our diverse global workforce by 
continuously scaling our talent pipeline, 
enhancing our colleagues’ skills and 
knowledge and providing the mentorship 
and resources colleagues need to thrive 
at Thermo Fisher. Our goal is simple—
to improve our talent development 
process by creating positive candidate 
and colleague experiences through the 
complete talent life cycle. 

Talent attraction & acquisition

When we offer candidates the opportunity 
to join Thermo Fisher, we are providing 
them with an opportunity to realize their 
best personally and professionally. This 
year, more than 30,000 new colleagues13 
joined us in making a meaningful impact on 
society. The Talent Acquisition team plays 
a critical role in ensuring we attract, hire 
and engage with candidates who share 
our values and have diverse backgrounds 
and unique skillsets that will enable our 
customers to solve some of the world’s 
most pressing challenges. 

In 2021, talent attraction and acquisition 
played a pivotal role in supporting 
our Mission. The team deployed 

technology and automation to meet 
hiring business objectives and drive 
awareness and engagement with our 
global opportunities. Our global career 
site and other communications channels, 
available in eight languages, allow us to 
personalize and localize our outreach and 
communications. 

We understand that some of the best and 
brightest minds are just at the beginning 
of their careers, which is why we invest 
in meaningful early talent attraction and 
acquisition programs and create working 
opportunities for students who will become 
the next generation of scientists, engineers, 
functional business leaders and general 
managers. Each year, we hire over 500 
colleagues in the early stages of their 
careers for our best-in-class programs, 
which include dynamic opportunities for 
high school and collegiate internships, co-
op programs, apprenticeships, leadership 
development programs in nine functional 
areas and various full-time roles. 

Our global university relations strategy 
leverages a diverse network of post-
secondary partners from which we 
proactively recruit and hire undergraduate 
and graduate students. We use a localized 
approach for our early talent hiring strategy 
to meet the needs of our business. 

There are 17 signature partnership 
schools within our network, including six 
HBCUs, prioritized for robust engagement 
based on geography, commercial 
partnerships, diversity, talent profiles 

and alumni relations. Together with these 
institutions, we have curated memorable 
student experiences, sponsored special 
events, hosted unique speaker series 
and established campus ambassador 
programs. We are committed to expanding 
our reach to underrepresented students 
by offering virtual sessions for Hispanic 
Serving Institutions (HSI) and Minority 
Serving Institutions (MSI) to introduce 
students to our opportunities and connect 
them to our managers. 

Welcoming new colleagues

First impressions count. Thermo Fisher 
actively evolves our onboarding approach 
as we strive to continuously elevate 
each new colleague’s experience. The 
New Colleague Onboarding program is 
designed to create a sense of belonging, 
instill both confidence and competence 
in our new colleagues as they move into 

their new roles, and align them with our 
Mission. This begins with a series of easy-
to-navigate tasks and checklists during 
our candidate pre-hire experience that 
seamlessly transition into an interactive 
and engaging onboarding journey 
spanning their first 90 days. 

Managers are critical to this new 
colleague experience and are supported 
with a series of resources and action 
items, including the development of 
customized 90-day onboarding plans 
and an automated process for assigning 
new colleague ambassadors, which help 
create a sense of belonging from day one. 
By equipping our new colleagues with the 
tools they need to be successful in their 
roles and connecting them to our values 
and Mission, we create the environment 
for them to begin building their Thermo 
Fisher careers.

26

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrFrom day one onward, we launch an 
immersive, two-way learning journey to 
onboard our new colleagues and continue 
to educate and inspire them throughout 
their career. This dynamic series supports 
a phased learning approach with early 
content modules of the learning journey 
covering Thermo Fisher’s cultural fabric, 
codes and policies, and expanded 
business capabilities. Over time content 
has been expanded to include customer 
experience, our PPI Business System, 
long-term growth, our CSR strategy and 
beyond. 

In welcoming new colleagues, our key 
principles for a successful onboarding 
experience include:

•  Connecting to our Mission, purpose 

and business

•  Cultivating an open and inclusive 

culture 

•  Instilling confidence while enhancing 

knowledge and collaboration

In December 2021, Thermo Fisher 
welcomed 30,000 new colleagues through 
our acquisition of PPD, Inc., forming our 
Clinical Research business. These new 
team members bring unique experiences 
and perspectives to the Thermo Fisher 
family, as well as a passion for serving.

Attracting diverse talent 

Our inclusive culture values the power 
of diverse talent, backgrounds and 
experiences. We embrace the unique 
qualities of each of our colleagues, 
providing them with the freedom and 

support to enable cutting-edge thinking 
that results in successful business 
outcomes for our customers. 

To ensure we are attracting talent from 
diverse candidate pools, we have a 
dedicated team that specializes in diverse 
recruiting, verifying that our job advertising 
is inclusive and removes unconscious 
bias. We also partner with organizations 
that represent various heritage and 
identity groups to streamline our recruiting 
strategy. Our partners include renowned 
organizations such as the National Society 
of Black Engineers (NSBE), for which 
Thermo Fisher is a Board of Corporate 
Affiliates (BCA) partner; the Society of 
Women Engineers (SWE); the Society of 
Hispanic Engineers (SHPE); Out in Science, 
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics 
(oSTEM); and the National Black MBA 
Association (NBMBAA) at the national and 
local levels. 

Our talent acquisition leaders ensure we 
focus on building deeper relationships with 
diversity-focused organizations to foster 
understanding and sustained relationships 
that maximize results over time. In 
recruiting top talent from underrepresented 
racial and ethnic groups, we actively 
target a broad range of experience levels, 
including recent graduates, mid-level 
managers and senior executives. Once 
onboarded, our new colleagues are 
supported by resources and networks 
that ensure they are set up for long-term 
success.

27

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrTalent development 

At Thermo Fisher, we are committed to the ongoing development of our colleagues. We provide on-the-job growth opportunities, 
facilitated development through mentorship and collaboration, and formal development through established programs and learning 
resources. Our learning and development strategy is based on the following principles:

Talent acquisition and 
development 

All colleagues have access to 
learning opportunities

Regardless of role, level, location or 
position in the organization.

Learning happens as part of daily 
interactions, particularly when engaging 
in new opportunities or managing 
challenges. 

Learning happens on the job

Learning is everyone’s responsibility

Learning is personalized

Learning is a journey

Colleagues have different development 
needs and learning styles. To meet 
these, we provide development and  
skill-building through personalized 
content and varied delivery 
mechanisms, including our artificial 
intelligence (AI)-driven Learner 
Experience Platform (LxP).

Thermo Fisher embraces a culture of 
ongoing learning by providing multiple 
learning opportunities for colleagues. 
This includes formal training programs, 
self-paced learning resources and 
opportunities to learn through 
experiences, such as deliberate job 
rotations, interacting with others, access 
to coaches and mentors, and receiving 
continuous feedback.

Every colleague has access to learning 
opportunities, and the responsibility 
for their development is a partnership 
between the colleague, the manager 
and their HR partner.

Learning has a social component, 
including through our virtual programs 

Colleagues have different development 
needs and learning styles. To meet 
these, we provide development and 
skill-building through personalized 
content and varied delivery 
mechanisms, including our LxP  
driven by AI. 

Making strides

Our EIS is one measure of the success of 
our talent development strategy, and we 
have made improvements annually. Over 
the past five years, colleague feedback 
indicates we have made significant strides 
in driving transparency, awareness, 
access and utilization of career 
development resources and opportunities.

I have good 
career 
opportunities at 
Thermo Fisher.

Improved from 65% of survey 
participants in 2017 to 75% of 
participants in 2021

I understand 
what I need to 
do to advance 
my career.

Improved from 64% of survey 
participants in 2017 to 71% of 
participants in 2021

52.0%

of positions filled by internal 
candidates

48.3%

of global leadership 
hires filled internally11A 

38.7%

of global leadership 
hires were women11A 

28
28

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrContinuous learning and development

•  Continuous development: Our 

continuous Performance Management 
and Development cycle is a year-round 
process during which all colleagues 
identify and track progress in line with 
their prioritized development goals. 
At the start of every year, colleagues 
identify both short- and long-term 
development goals, and over the 
course of the year, they have regular 
meetings with their manager to review 
those plans. This approach aims to 
engage and empower colleagues to 
take accountability for their career 
development in partnership with 
their manager. The success of our 
collaborative model is evidenced by 
EIS insights that show colleagues’ 
understanding of how to advance their 
careers significantly improved over 
five years, from 64% in 2017 to 71% in 
2021.

8,250+ professional, management 

and leadership 
development resources 

1.5M+ visits to professional, 

management, leadership 
and executive curricula

Intensity is one of our 4i Values, 
characterized by the determination our 
colleagues apply to delivering results and 
their passion to excel. With colleagues 
at all levels so driven to achieve, it’s our 
responsibility to invest in their potential, so 
they can grow with us. 

•  Careers in Motion: Fundamental to 

our learning and development strategy 
is our Careers in Motion program—our 
commitment to all colleagues that 
development and career pathways 
are open to everyone. Our Careers in 
Motion hub is an online destination that 
provides a wide range of resources 
for understanding the importance of 
development and career planning. The 
tools and resources we feature are 
designed to help colleagues build a 
comprehensive development roadmap 
as part of their career journey. 

•  Communication cascade: To 

facilitate awareness and access to 
our various offerings, Thermo Fisher 
communicates our learning and 
development opportunities through 
regular people manager broadcast 
calls, broad HR communication 
mechanisms, Yammer communities, 
and direct emails to colleagues. While 
we encourage colleagues at every 
level of the organization to participate, 
these messages are also, importantly, 
reinforced with colleagues at a local 
level by their manager or supervisor as 
well as their HR partner. 

Feature story

Optimizing personalized  
learning experiences

A robust new learning technology, powered by AI, was launched in 2021 and 

delivered a tenfold increase in quality development resources available to 

colleagues. This content surge is balanced by a streamlined user experience 

that simplifies the process of accessing and organizing the material. Thermo 

Fisher University Plus (TFU+) is an LxP that acts as a single front door to 

learning. It is a gateway to resources as well as other portals, including our 

dedicated Learning Management System (LMS), legacy Thermo Fisher 

University, intranet learning hubs and third-party educational content. 

Building on a robust repository of learning and development resources, 

TFU+ further incorporates new content and access to thousands of articles, 

videos and podcasts from leading sources, including TED, Josh Bersin 

Academy, Big Think, CIO, Forbes and Harvard Business Review. In 2020, our 

learning platforms provided nearly 750 unique professional, management and 

leadership development resources. Through TFU+, we now offer over 8,000. 

Within TFU+, colleagues set their own learning goals. From there, the user-

centric interface leverages AI technology to curate a personalized content 

experience with recommendations tailored to the learner. As a colleague 

decides which resources to access, training to complete or goals to adjust, 

TFU+ will continuously improve and refine its recommendations to suit the 

specific learner. 

TFU+ also provides a social and collaborative learning environment that 

enables colleagues to engage in peer-to-peer interactions and knowledge 

sharing. Following beta testing, over 15,500 managers have continued to 

regularly use TFU+ in support of their individual learning goals and career 

development. They report finding the platform intuitive and engaging with  

content that is relevant to their learning and career development goals. In 

2022, we will expand TFU+ access to all colleagues worldwide.

29
29

Leadership and executive development

At Thermo Fisher, we develop leaders. One’s ability and willingness to continuously learn is the foundation for leading with the 
greatest impact. Between our award-winning training programs and our newly accessible TFU+ resources, our managers can 
access the learning they need when they need it. In 2021, a critical business program called Leading in a Downturn was designed 
and delivered to executive leaders across the organization and externally recognized with the Gold Excellence Award.14 Our 
leadership and executive development offerings include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Pipeline development programs 
that prepare candidates to step 
into critical roles

Management development programs 
support people managers at various 
experience milestones, including those 
who aspire to manage others.

Pipeline development programs 
prepare leaders to take on critical roles 
in 12 to 18 months with customized 
leadership and business-specific 
development from internal executives.

Mentorship and reverse mentorship 
support colleague development 
journeys at all career stages.

General Manager  
Development Program

Stretch assignments provide unique 
opportunities that help colleagues gain 
valuable experiences and close skill 
gaps to support their career pathway.

Executive coaching is provided 
through a structured program with 
access to a range of psychometric 
assessment and development tools.

Management development programs to build strong people management skills

Aspiring Manager Training is 
designed for individuals contemplating 
managing others as part of their career 
aspirations.

Management Essentials is designed 
for new people managers to build 
basic management skills (targeted 
to those with less than 12 months of 
management experience).

Developing Frontline Leaders  
is designed for people managers 
typically with two or more years of 
management experience to develop 
their ability to successfully coach others.

Developing Emerging Leaders 
is an award-winning program15 that 
enables Thermo Fisher colleagues to 
strengthen their leadership brand and 
build connections across the Company.

Role of the Leader is designed to 
increase the capabilities of directors 
in the areas of personal agility, team 
effectiveness and business and  
financial acumen.

Role of the Leader+ is a set of 
enhanced modules focused on key 
leadership topics delivered, in part, 
by executives from our Company 
leadership team, including a course led 
by our Chairman, President and CEO.

Operations Leadership 
Development Program

R&D Leadership Academy

Quality Leadership Academy

Sales Leadership 
Development Program16

30
30

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrTalent management

We fuel our growth strategy with 
integrated, differentiated talent 
solutions that promote a diverse 
workforce and elevate the colleague 
experience across the talent life cycle. 
Our talent management strategy is 
anchored by our core performance and 
succession planning processes, which 
are complemented by deliberate job 
rotations as well as formal and informal 
development opportunities. 

Our Human Resources Review processes 
include our talent management team 
meeting twice yearly with the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Operating 
Officer (COO), Chief Human Resources 
Officer (CHRO), Vice President of 
Global Talent and additional business 
and functional leaders to discuss every 
executive in the Company, along with 
their respective succession and talent 
pipelines. Additionally, our management 
teams hold monthly calls with the COO, 
Executive Vice President (EVP) and CHRO 
to discuss the progress of our talent 
strategy and where to focus our efforts as 
we continue to grow. 

Feature story

Unveiling Veiled Talent

In 2021, a talent management pilot program uncovered 
critical learnings for succession planning approaches 
and delivered measurable results in building diverse 
pipelines for Mission-critical roles. Designed and 
implemented by a cross-functional team of Thermo 
Fisher talent experts, business partners and PPI 
Business System leaders, Unveiling Veiled Talent invited 
300 colleagues to opt in to any of 14 General Manager 
(GM) roles within a single business unit in North 
America. The pilot directed participating colleagues 
to complete specific career development actions that 
would help them define and achieve success aligned 
with the goal of becoming a GM. The development 
tasks and tools increased career path visibility and 
clearly defined success for those in the program.

Unveiling Veiled Talent yielded positive results and key 
insights. Valuable succession dialogue was generated 
through robust attendance at the program launch, 
transparent career discussions, standing office hours 
and a closeout session. 

After a rigorous review and vetting 
process, one in five colleagues who 
opted in were added to succession 
plans for the GM role across 
multiple Thermo Fisher locations. 

Not only did the pilot confirm the richness of our talent, 
but it also helped us discover veiled talent deeper in the 
organization. We also increased our pipeline diversity. 

In fact, 80% of colleagues who 
opted in and were added to GM 
succession slates were women  
or racially and ethnically diverse 
people.

Unveiling Veiled Talent empowered colleagues and 
gave them a louder voice in determining their career 
paths. For participants who had already been slated for 
future GM roles, this process helped to accelerate their 
trajectories. In other cases, the program elevated and 
developed colleagues who had never considered the 
GM path possible.

31
31

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr03

Communities

At Thermo Fisher, our commitment to supporting the 

global community is a priority reflected in our Company-

level goals. Our approach is two-pronged: leveraging 

the aspects of our business that uniquely position us 

to make a positive impact on society and embracing 

the passion of our colleagues to connect to the local 

communities where we live and work. We also partner 

with nonprofit organizations and governments to 

empower underserved populations and help drive more 

equitable outcomes through: 

STEM 
education

Colleague 
involvement 

Global health 
equity

Investing in STEM education

Encouraging and inspiring students in the primary and secondary grade levels to engage in science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) activities is a core element of our community impact strategy. Our internally developed 
signature STEM education programs engage students by connecting them to our colleagues. Through our 
Foundation for Science, we establish strategic partnerships with nonprofit organizations that enable us to scale our 
support of student populations historically underrepresented in the life sciences.

STEM education impact

100,000+ 6,600+

students reached through our 
STEM programs17

educators reached through 
our STEM programs18

1,050+

STEM events19

21

participating countries 

Signature STEM education programs

As an industry leader, we believe it is our 
responsibility to help young people make 
the connection to science, ensuring a 
continued interest in STEM subjects and 
careers for future generations.

We recognize that there is a specific 
window of time when children are 
open and curious about the world 
around them. For this reason, our 
signature programs focus on generating 
excitement around STEM subjects 
for primary and secondary learners. 
Students are provided the opportunity 
to interact directly with our colleagues 
through hands-on and team-based 
activities that highlight our technologies, 

make connections to careers in STEM 
and demonstrate how our Company 
influences the world. Our signature STEM 
programs—Innovation Nation, STEM 
Design Challenge, STEMcredible Kits 
and Career Connections—are available 
to our colleagues to implement in their 
local communities. Although traditional 
in-person events were limited due to the 
pandemic, our colleagues continued 
to adapt our programs and pursue 
opportunities to safely engage and inspire 
students, increasing our impact through 
STEM over the prior year. For more 
information regarding our STEM education 
programs, visit our CSR webpage.

Students reached through our 
STEM programs

Educators reached through our  
STEM programs 

2021 

100,000+

2021 

6,600+

2020   65,000+

2020 

4,300+

2019 

178,000+

2019 

8,500+

STEM events

Participating countries

2021 

2020 

2019 

1,050+

650+

830+

2021 

2020 

2019 

21

21

24

33

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
 
 
 
 
STEM partnerships

Our partners help us deliver on our 
commitment to inspire a new generation 
of innovators through STEM education 
involvement. We work with nonprofit 
organizations to deliver top-tier STEM 
programming through a range of 
partnership models, from mobile learning 
to innovation labs. These efforts support 
students and provide colleagues with 
rewarding volunteer opportunities. 

Boys & Girls Clubs of America

In 2020, the Boys & Girls Clubs of America 
(BGCA) launched a digital version of 
the DIY STEM program on its MyFuture 
website, which features activity and 
video content showcasing Thermo Fisher 
technologies and careers. Through this 
safe, fun, mobile-friendly social platform, 
all 4,700+ BGCA youth clubs worldwide 
have access to more than 150 BGCA 
activities and can explore the possibilities 
of a future in STEM. Since the migration of 
DIY STEM on MyFuture, Thermo Fisher’s 
direct impact has exceeded 15,000 
completed activities. 

We expanded our BGCA partnership in 
2021 to create a professional development 
Learning Pathways program for club 
staff to focus on and build their STEM 
education skills and habits, fostering 
stronger STEM programming delivery 
to club youth. Additional Thermo Fisher 
funding provided grants and materials to 
support local clubs with STEM education 
programming, as well as a series of 

national virtual engagements where any 
club can tune into a live hands-on activity 
demonstration and youth are given the 
opportunity to ask questions and hear 
from Thermo Fisher experts.

China Women’s Development 
Foundation 

Beginning in 2021, Thermo Fisher 
collaborated with the China Women’s 
Development Foundation to launch 
our Female Scientists Program, Her 
Science, which aims to create an 
enabling environment that supports the 
development and innovation of Chinese 
female scientists. The program was 
created to unleash the untapped potential 
of female scientists and encourage them 
to advance their careers in pursuit of 
higher achievements in STEM fields. 

In addition to Karen Nelson, our Chief 
Scientific Officer, four outstanding female 
scientists who are also our customers 
helped launch the campaign. Each of 
these leaders represented a different 
research discipline and shared the story 
of their remarkable journey to finding 
success and fulfillment in a STEM field. 
The campaign launch was a success, 
with high engagement across multiple 
platforms. Going forward, the Female 
Scientists Program will be hosted at 
four universities around China to hold 
conferences and engage with students on 
the importance of STEM education. 

34

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrWhen we work together to spark 
a passion for STEM and nurture 
tomorrow’s innovators, we advance 
Thermo Fisher’s Mission to enable 
our customers to make the world 
healthier, cleaner and safer.

—  Karen Nelson  

Chief Scientific Officer, Global STEM Day Executive Champion, 
Thermo Fisher Scientific

Global STEM Day

Demand for STEM talent is growing 

at a remarkable pace, while access 

to high-quality STEM education lags. 

Thermo Fisher is committed to closing 

the gap by connecting more youth with 

impactful learning experiences that will 

inspire and propel them into thriving 

STEM careers. Through Global STEM 

Day, we celebrate and advance STEM 

education with colleague volunteerism that 

engages budding scientists in hands-on 

experiments. With fun, interactive activities 

—including creating lava lamps in Bothell, 

Washington; simulating volcano eruptions 

in Shanghai, China; building catapults in 

Lenexa, Kansas; and creating batteries 

out of produce in Bleiswijk, Netherlands— 

students were exposed to a diverse range 

of scientific disciplines and technologies 

that span our business. 

 “I am so grateful that Thermo Fisher 

Scientific gives me an opportunity to 

reach out and educate students and the 

community as part of my career,” said 

Natasha Jackson, Team Leader, Service 

Support, Thermo Fisher Scientific. “These 

students start off as kids doing a fun 

activity, which could potentially pique their 

interest and lead them into a STEM career.”

Global STEM Day highlights

60+

STEM events

2,860+

volunteer hours

35
35
35

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrColleague involvement 

Feature story

Our strategy for community involvement 
maximizes our global impact through 
engagement at the local level. This is how 
we create the most meaningful impact 
with our nonprofit partners. We foster 
volunteer-led Community Action Councils 
(CACs) at our sites around the world, 
resourcing and mobilizing our colleagues 
to connect directly with their local 
communities. This provides rewarding 
leadership and volunteer opportunities  
for our colleagues that also deliver 
Mission-aligned impact and philanthropic 
support in the communities where they 
live and work. 

130+ Community Action 

Councils

$5.1M in colleague and matching  

gift donations20

4,130+ nonprofit organizations 

supported through 
donations

Get Involved Day 

Our largest annual volunteer initiative 
is Get Involved Day, a day of service 
encouraging colleagues across the 
globe to give back to their communities 
with up to eight hours of Company-
sponsored volunteer time off. Activities 
are coordinated locally and often include 
STEM education events. This year’s 
campaign centered on the theme of 
environmental stewardship to reinforce 
the Company’s ambitious commitments to 
reducing our carbon footprint. In addition 
to participating in locally developed events 
and joining a global litter clean-up project, 
our teams worldwide also deployed a 
newly designed, climate-themed DIY 
STEM education activity to primary school 
students. This program engages and 
inspires youth to reduce their impact on 
the environment. 

160+ Get Involved Day events

Go the Distance to  
Make a Difference

With quarantine and social distancing measures broadly in place, the 

global launch of our charity fitness challenge promoted wellness, work-

life balance, connection and virtual collaboration to unite colleagues in a 

friendly competition that benefitted our communities. Go the Distance to 

Make a Difference was a two-week campaign during which colleagues 

tracked walking, running and cycling distances to receive donation dollars 

toward charitable organizations. Participation spanned every continent 

where we have colleagues. 

46

$300K+

participating countries21

raised for charity

36
36

Global health equity

Thermo Fisher’s ability to cost-effectively 
meet urgent COVID-19 testing needs 
catapulted us into the global health 
spotlight. In 2021, we became one of the 
largest suppliers of qPCR COVID-19 
diagnostics to low- and middle-income 
countries (LMICs). We’ve served over 150 
LMIC-based laboratories worldwide. 

We also worked alongside global health 
partners, including the World Health 
Organization, Clinton Health Access 
Initiative, United Nations Children’s 
Fund (UNICEF) and the Africa Centres 
for Disease Control and Prevention, to 
aid target countries in their pandemic 
response. We extended the original 
warranty on 362 diagnostic instruments 
purchased through our Global Health 
Equity (GHE) channel from March 2020 to 
March 2021 for an additional 12 months at 
no charge.

What initially started as our emergency 
pandemic response effort in developing 
countries evolved into the establishment of 
a Company strategy and GHE business in 
2021. This group provides holistic solutions 
targeted specifically to customers in LMICs 
to enable the public health response to the 
pandemic and provide the opportunity to 
strengthen infrastructure to better manage 
ongoing public health concerns related 
to endemic infectious diseases in these 
countries. 

Over the past year, we developed our 
internal infrastructure and processes, 

establishing a global team in the 
functions of product management, global 
support services, marketing, business 
development, sales and commercial, and 
legal and regulatory to effectively meet 
diagnostic needs beyond COVID-19 in 
these markets.

Public-private partnership

During the second major COVID-19 wave 
in India, we partnered with UNICEF and 
the Government of India to scale in-
country capacity. We successfully installed 
97 Thermo Scientific™ KingFisher™ Flex 
instruments for nucleic acid, protein and 
cell purification. Overcoming strict travel 
restrictions and resource limitations, our 
efforts enabled customers to immediately 
begin testing in remote areas of the 
country to better manage the surge. This 
collaboration was supplemented with a 
humanitarian response that supported 
nongovernmental organizations responding 
on the front lines. To read about this 
relief effort, please visit the feature story 
Responding to COVID-19 in India.

Building local capacity

To effectively utilize critical donations, 
receiving entities must have the appropriate 
capabilities and infrastructure. At Thermo 
Fisher, we mobilize quickly when needed to 
support technical upskilling and capacity 
building to bridge the gap and equip 
frontline stakeholders for immediate impact 
and long-term success. 

37

Thermo Fisher moved quickly to meet the 
emergency needs for COVID testing in 
LMICs, becoming one of the largest suppliers 
to UNICEF and other global organizations. 
Thermo Fisher’s ability to supply and support 
labs in over 100 developing countries makes 
them a key partner for us in addressing  
public health needs.

—  Alan Staple  

Vice President & Head of Global Markets Team,  
Clinton Health Access Initiative 

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrUnited States 

In-kind support

The Just Project is our US-based 
health equity initiative supporting Black 
communities disproportionately impacted 
by the pandemic. Through this initiative, 
we provided comprehensive support to 
establish a robust and sustainable lab 
network that now allows over 60 HBCUs 
to provide students and faculty with 
free COVID-19 testing directly. These 
labs, certified in line with national quality 
regulatory requirements, have the potential 
to support evolving diagnostic needs and 
scientific research programs well into the 
future. In 2021, we extended our support 
of the Just Project for another school year, 
bringing our commitment to more than  
$30 million in donated diagnostic 
instruments, test kits and related supplies 
since we launched in 2020. 

Honduras 

In 2021, the United States Agency for 
International Development notified us 
that our donation of Applied Biosystems™ 
TaqPath™ COVID-19 CE-IVD kits to 
Honduras was at risk of being underutilized 
because many of the technicians in the 
country’s public laboratory network lacked 
access to quality training. We stepped 
in to provide in-person training and 
24/7 remote support that ensured labs 
remained operational and empowered 
technicians to perform and transfer 
knowledge independently. As a result, 
over 200,000 tests were performed, 
and this engagement has paved the 
way for a deeper partnership with the 
public laboratory network of Honduras, 
establishing a collaboration that will extend 
beyond the pandemic. 

Our product donation program amplifies 
our STEM and GHE initiatives worldwide. 
In 2021, key in-kind donations were valued 
at $22 million and largely benefited the US 
and Asia-Pacific region.

$22M in total in-kind donations22

Through our collaboration with the Clinton 
Health Access Initiative, Thermo Fisher 
supported the in-kind distribution of 
more than 400,000 COVID-19 test kits 
in Vietnam, Cambodia, Senegal and 
Mozambique.

Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh 
City, Vietnam: 270,000 tests

Feature story

Responding to COVID-19 in India 

In the spring of 2021, Thermo Fisher quickly responded to support 

our colleagues and the citizens of India as the COVID-19 virus surged 

throughout the country. We took a holistic approach in supporting the local 

response to this unprecedented health crisis. 

Our first priority was the well-being of our in-country colleagues. As we 

addressed their needs, our facility in Bengaluru also ramped up production 

of a COVID-19 test we had previously launched specifically for India as part 

of our global health equity work. 

To help strengthen broader community systems, we directed more than 

$1 million in philanthropic support to local nongovernmental and nonprofit 

organizations that directly served those affected by the second wave of 

the virus. And because our products and expertise are our most valuable 

assets to the pandemic response, we provided an additional $9 million 

in COVID-19 testing products, personal protective equipment and other 

National Institute of Public Health, 
Cambodia: 24,000 tests

critical supplies. 

A special component of our humanitarian response was our collaboration 

with our global colleagues. In response to their compassion and eagerness 

to help, we established an internal India COVID Relief Fund through which 

colleagues could support vetted nonprofits responding on the frontlines. 

As a Company, we amplified their generous donations with a 200% match, 

contributing another $250,000 to the funds raised.

Ministry of Health, Senegal: 
70,000 tests 

Central de Medicamentos e 
Artigos Médicos – National 
Institute of Health, Mozambique: 
40,000 tests

To read more about our community impact 
strategy, please visit our CSR webpage.

38
38

 
 
 
 
04

Environment

At Thermo Fisher, we recognize the inextricable link between a 

healthy planet and healthy people. As the world leader in serving 

science, we support the urgent calls for action from scientists 

around the world to address climate change.

Our approach to the environment goes hand in hand with our 

Mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, 

cleaner and safer. We leverage our culture of continuous 

improvement and the 4i Values embodied by our colleagues to 

identify and deliver new solutions through our operations and 

value chain. While working to reduce our impact on the planet, 

we are also actively supporting the sustainability ambitions of our 
customers with a focus on: 

Climate

Product 
design

Water

Waste

Climate

The world’s leading scientists have sent a clear message that urgent action is needed to avoid the worst 
impacts of climate change. In 2021, we announced our commitment to becoming net-zero by 2050 and 
joined the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign led by the Science Based Targets initiative. This aligns 
our climate strategy and goals with the Paris Agreement, expanding on our existing 2030 target to reduce 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% compared to 2018. To round out our approach, we also established a 
near-term target for our indirect Scope 3 emissions.

Our climate goals

Scope 1

Scope 2

Scope 3

By 2030, reduce greenhouse  
gas emissions by 30% from  
2018 baseline

By 2027, 90% of suppliers  
by spend set science- 
based targets

By 2050, achieve net-zero emissions

Investing in a high-impact plan

Making 2021 even more transformative, we enhanced strategic investments in staffing, reevaluating and resourcing our climate program to support the design 
and implementation of our net-zero roadmap. As this roadmap continues to develop, we are supporting a strategic mix of emissions reduction actions that will 
deliver a positive impact at scale. The key components of our framework include: 

Transitioning away from fossil fuels and high-
impact refrigerants in our operations

Sourcing renewable electricity across our operations

Engaging with our suppliers to amplify 
collective progress

Energy & emissions

procurement of renewable electricity was 

transition away from fossil fuels. 

with new wind and solar facilities.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions

the primary driver of these reductions. See 

the Data summary for a complete list of 

In 2021, we achieved a 12% reduction in 

indicators.

Renewable electricity procurement is 

As part of our strategy, we have registered 

critical to our near-term strategy. We 

with the Energize program. Energize is 

achieved a new record in 2021, with 

a unique, sector-wide initiative aiming 

absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 

compared to our 2018 baseline. This 

progress places us ahead of schedule 

toward our 2030 target despite the 

considerable expansion of our global 

capacity and infrastructure throughout 

2020 and 2021. Over the past year of 

operational growth alone, our Scope 1 

and Scope 2 carbon intensity equalled 16 

metric tons of carbon dioxide per million 

USD in revenue, down from 19 in 2020 

and 27 prior to the pandemic. Increased 

In 2021, we completed energy 

22% of global electricity coming from 

to increase access to renewable energy 

assessments at our largest manufacturing 

renewable sources, a 69% increase over 

within the pharmaceutical supply chain.

facilities that represent 40% of our Scope 

the prior year. More than 60 Thermo 

1 and Scope 2 footprint. The findings 

Fisher sites have now achieved 100% 

Scope 1 and 2 emissions23

uncovered opportunities to eliminate over 

renewable electricity. Our approach 

80,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide, 

is centered around the concept of 

approximately 25% of our fossil fuel-

“additionality”—or directly supporting the 

2021

2020

12%

12%

related emissions. Over the coming 

development of new renewable generation 

2019

1%

year, several of these projects will be 

sources. We do this by adding renewable 

implemented and additional site energy 

systems at our sites and leveraging long-

2018

0%

0 

assessments completed to plan our 

term power purchasing agreements (PPAs) 

2
0
3
0
t
a
r
g
e
t

% reduction from 2018 baseline

          30

40

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr     
     
 
Feature story

Achieving our first fossil fuel- 
free facility

In 2021, we announced our first fossil fuel-free manufacturing facility 

in Germering, Germany. Best explained by site leader Omar Castillo, 

“[Operating without fossil fuels] is a result of many steps we took over a 

period of several years.” 

Over the last decade, Omar and his team examined where they could 

leverage opportunities to make the facility more energy efficient and 

environmentally friendly. To eliminate fossil fuels entirely, they used several 

readily available technologies to achieve their goal, including geothermal 

heating and cooling, heat recovery and a rooftop solar system. 

Last year the electricity supply was transitioned to 100% renewables, 

meaning the facility now generates zero greenhouse gas emissions.

For Thermo Fisher, this achievement demonstrates that operating without 

fossil fuels is possible in a manufacturing setting. The work completed by 

the Germering team has been shared with other facilities across the globe to 

further accelerate the Company’s plans to achieve net-zero. The Germering 

team has already set their sights on another goal. 

“The next steps involve making our products and logistics more 

environmentally sustainable,” said Omar. This includes, for example, 

procurement of environmentally preferable parts for manufacturing,  

energy-efficient product transportation and recyclable products. 

Customers not only want excellent products and service, they also want 

assurance that we, as their partner and supplier, are doing all we can to 

operate in an environmentally responsible manner.

Renewable energy highlights

3.5MW

of solar power 
installed at our sites

3MW

of wind energy 
installed at our sites

15MW

of solar power planned 
for the near future

Scope 3 emissions

Our supply chain is our largest source 
of emissions, representing more than 
90% of the greenhouse gas emissions 
generated within our value chain. With the 
development of a supplier engagement 
program for climate change, we can 
greatly reduce our environmental impact 
as a Company and sector. 

In 2021, we took on a robust body of work 
to calculate the baseline for our Scope 
3 emissions. To encourage a similar 
investment in reporting and emissions 
reduction, we have established our first 
near-term Scope 3 target. For suppliers 
that represent 90% of our Scope 3 
emissions from (1) Purchased Goods and 
Services and (2) Upstream Transportation 
and Distribution, Thermo Fisher will 
engage them in setting climate-related, 
science-based targets by 2027. 

Based on early reporting and interactions, 
we were able to immediately support 
foundational change. By the end of 2021, 
over 15% of our spend was associated 
with suppliers that had committed to 
science-based targets. To read more 
about the actions we are taking with our 
suppliers, please refer to the Operations 
section. 

41

Product design

Feature story

Thermo Fisher is committed to designing 

more than 6,000 qualifying products 

our products with the environment in 

from various brands. Greener Choice 

mind. By incorporating sustainability 

products must meet four criteria, including 

principles into the design of our greener 

offering one or more of the environmental 

product alternatives, we can help 

attributes itemized in the US Federal Trade 

customers advance sustainability in the 

Commission’s (FTC) Green Guides. 

lab by minimizing the use of hazardous 

chemicals, decreasing waste and 

Product labeling 

material consumption, and increasing 

We believe it should be easy to make 

energy efficiency. Read more about our 

informed purchasing decisions. Our 

sustainable product design process.

environmentally preferable product 

Enabling our customers’ 
environmental goals

Greener product 

categories24

2021: 60

2020: 54

2019: 51

2018: 48

Products with an  

ACT label

2021: 470

2020: 101

ENERGY STAR-certified 

2021: 250+

products25

2020: 255+

2019: 150+

Product choice 

alternatives are labeled with a green leaf 

symbol on thermofisher.com, and we 

provide detailed substantiation for all our 

claims.

Thermo Fisher is also a leading participant 

in the ACT Environmental Impact Factor 

Label program created by the nonprofit 

organization My Green Lab. Emphasizing 

Accountability, Consistency, and 

Transparency, the ACT label is designed 

to address the needs of both scientists 

and procurement specialists for clear, 

third-party-verified information about 

the environmental impact of laboratory 

products. At the end of 2021,  

Thermo Fisher offered 470 products 

with an ACT label. Our plans to continue 

Environmental labeling for  
more informed purchasing 

In 2021, we announced an expansion of our collaboration with My Green Lab 

to label our entire cold temperature storage portfolio with their ACT label. 

Cold storage is essential to enabling scientific discovery, and Thermo Fisher’s 
freezers were among the first to be ENERGY STAR™ certified. By adding 
the ACT label, we will further provide scientists and procurement specialists 

with clear, third-party verified information about the environmental impact of 
laboratory products. The Thermo Scientific™ TSX Series ultra-low temperature 
(ULT) freezers and the Thermo Scientific Standard Performance ULT freezers 

were the Company’s first cold storage solutions to be recognized with the 

ACT label. As of the end of 2021, more than 350 models have been labeled to 

support sustainable purchasing decisions. 

Our customers are committed to adopting 
more sustainable laboratory practices. 
We are proud of our efforts to support 
environmentally friendly lab management, 
in part, with a portfolio of equipment 
and consumables that have earned top 
scores across a range of 
environmental metrics.

Our dedication to transparency doesn’t 

expanding our product labeling program 

—  Paul Parker 

stop with our own products. The Fisher 

will enable research, pharmaceutical 

Scientific Greener Choice program makes 

and clinical laboratories to advance 

it easy for customers to find lab products 

both innovation and their sustainability 

with a lower environmental impact, offering 

objectives.

Senior Vice President of Strategy and 
Corporate Development,  

Thermo Fisher Scientific

42
42

Feature story

Increasing access to
our 100% recyclable  
paper cooler

Launched in late 2018 for cold shipments using 

gel packs, our 100% recyclable paper cooler 

was expanded in 2021 to transport select 

products requiring dry ice coolant. The paper 

cooler replaces expanded polystyrene (EPS) 

foam coolers that have been the preferred 

external packaging for cold chain shipments 

for decades, despite being notoriously difficult 

to recycle. The paper cooler is curbside 

recyclable and meets the thermal requirements 

necessary to uphold our stringent product 

quality standards. To date, we have delivered 

over 1 million shipments using the paper cooler, 

eliminating approximately 650,000 cubic feet  

of EPS foam, enough to fill 24 Olympic 

swimming pools. 

Winner of Gartner’s Social 
Impact of the Year Award

Packaging & transport

Innovation drives sustainability

Packaging design is integral to ensuring the quality 

Our Mission drives our commitment to protect the 

and performance of our products and minimizing our 

planet. We are not only delivering products that 

environmental impact. Our goal is to design packaging 

serve the research needs of our customers, we are 

and transport solutions that preserve product integrity 

also striving to develop them in a way that minimizes 

while maximizing freight density and therefore using 

our use of natural resources and our impact on the 

less fuel. Whether redesigning the packaging of 

environment. The innovations highlighted below meet 

individual components within kits, reducing the 

our internal environmental criteria and are available 

use of dry ice and other cold shipping methods, or 

to customers today as part of a broader portfolio of 

transitioning to readily recyclable shipping materials, we 

offerings that have been designed, or redesigned, for 

are reducing our environmental impact and helping our 

sustainability. 

customers meet their climate and waste goals.

Energy efficient

•  Gibco™ Lab Armor Beads

•  Biological safety cabinets

•  Applied Biosystems™ QuantStudio™ 7 Pro 

Dx Real-Time PCR System

•  Thermo Scientific™ TSX and TDE Series 

ultra-low temperature freezers

•  Thermo Scientific centrifuges

Less waste

•  Invitrogen™ Qubit™ Protein BR Assay Kit

•  Applied Biosystems QuantStudio  6 and 7 

Pro Real-Time PCR Systems

•  Thermo Scientific™ Nunc™ Edge 2.0  

96-Well Plates

•  Thermo Scientific™ Nalgene™ Sustain 

bottles

Sustainable disposal

Sustainable packaging

•  Invitrogen™ iBlot™ 2 Dry Blotting System 

•  Applied Biosystems™ TaqMan™ Assays and 

product take-back

TaqMan Primers and Probes

•  Applied Biosystems™ SeqStudio™ Cartridge 

•  Applied Biosystems™ AmpliTaq™ Gold 360 

Recycling Program

and AmpliTaq 360 DNA Polymerases 

•  Gibco™ BenchStable™ Cell Culture Media

Less hazardous

•  Thermo Scientific™ CellInsight™ CX7 LED 

and CX7 LZR HCS platforms

•  Thermo Scientific™ Aqua-Tec™ Water 

Preservation Cell

•  Invitrogen™ Cells-to-CT™ kits

43

Water

Waste

Central to our environmental sustainability 

plastics into durable and highly-reusable 

approach is waste reduction. At Thermo 

shipping pallets.

Fisher, we are exploring business models 

to maximize resource efficiency and create 

new solutions for our customers and 

our own operations. Our approach also 

follows the waste hierarchy outlined by the 

US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 

such that we prioritize source reduction 

followed by reuse and recycling. We are 

developing new strategies to integrate this 

hierarchy into product design, production 

and end-of-life disposal.

At our sites, we promote zero waste, 

which means diverting at least 90% of  

nonhazardous Thermo Fisher waste from 

landfills and waste-to-energy facilities. 

Instead, our teams focus on reuse, 

recycle, and compost disposal strategies. 

Our Zero-waste playbook guides sites 

through a process of identifying all waste 

streams, minimizing waste generation and 

improving waste disposal strategies to 

eliminate landfilling. By the end of 2021, 24 

In 2021, we continued to explore new 

facilities were zero-waste certified. 

recycling options for single-use lab 

plastics, including repurposing these 

24 certified zero-waste 

facilities

44

Access to water is essential to the 

reductions can be attributed to process 

well-being of people and the planet. At 

improvements and optimizations at several 

Thermo Fisher, high-quality water is vital 

manufacturing facilities. We continue to 

to the goods and services we provide our 

accelerate the uncoupling of water usage 

customers.

Our approach consists of uncoupling 

and growth, and on a revenue-adjusted 

basis, reduced water intensity by 28%. 

water usage from business growth. 

To identify and manage water risks across 

We leverage our PPI Business System 

our portfolio of sites, we transitioned to 

to identify new reduction and reuse 

using the World Wildlife Fund’s Water 

opportunities and manage our water 

Risk Filter tool. We conducted a high-

use with a context-based perspective to 

level screening of basin-level water risks 

understand how our use relates to the 

across 227 Thermo Fisher sites, twelve 

needs of the surrounding water basin.

of which were identified as being in a 

13%

decrease in  
water use in 2021

In 2021, our water use decreased by 13% 

compared to the previous year. These 

high-risk basin, representing 6% of our 

water usage. In 2022 we will combine this 

screening with a criticality assessment to 

determine our water risk exposure and 

develop steps to address these risks. 

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrSection

Page

Endnote No.  Note

Our Company

Our Company

5

5

Our Company

11

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Operations

Colleagues

15

16

17

18

18

19

22

Colleagues

23 and 28

Colleagues

23

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

At the time of publication of this report, our global team consisted of more than 125,700 colleagues.

This is the midpoint of the conservative estimate range for the population prevalence of rare diseases. Nguengang Wakap, S., Lambert, D.M., Olry, 
A. et al. (2020) Estimating cumulative point prevalence of rare diseases: analysis of the Orphanet database. European Journal of Human Genetics 
28, 165–173. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41431-019-0508-0

2022 Demographics Summary Data, Ward 8. DC Health Matters. https://www.dchealthmatters.org/demographicdata?id=131495

2020 Drug Trials Snapshots Summary Report. FDA Center for Evaluation and Research. https://www.fda.gov/media/145718/download

cGMP refers to the Current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations enforced by the FDA.

Our EHS-MS reflects the principles and criteria from ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 45001 and US OSHA’s “Recommended Practices for Safety 
and Health Programs.”

The lost-time injury rate represents the number of lost-time injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full-time workers. Lost time is 
defined as one or more days away from work due to a work-related injury or illness.

The total recordable incident rate represents the number of recordable injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full-time workers. 
Recordable injuries are defined by US OSHA and include injuries resulting in one or more of the following: a fatality, lost work days, restricted work 
days, loss of consciousness, medical treatment beyond first aid, or a significant injury or illness diagnosis by a physician or other licensed healthcare 
professional.

This figure represents our direct and indirect spend with qualified diverse suppliers and small businesses in the US. It includes spend from approved 
commercial and individual subcontracting plans.

This figure may not match the one found in the Data summary due to rounding.

Gender and other diversity reporting are based on colleagues who voluntarily self-identify. 

 – Note A: Leadership roles include managers at all levels of our organization. 

 – Note B: Executive management includes Vice President roles and above at all levels of our organization.

We are restating this indicator for 2020 to reflect an update in our methodology to cover all managerial roles across the organization. For indicators 
covering racially and ethnically diverse people, the restatement may also reflect updates resulting from the voluntary self-identification process.

45

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrSection

Page

Endnote No.  Note

Colleagues

26

Colleagues

30

Colleagues

30

Colleagues

30

Communities

33

Communities

33

Communities

33

Communities

36

Communities

36

Communities

38

Environment

40

Environment

42

Environment

42

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

This is organic growth and does not include acquisitions.

The Brandon Hall Group recognized Thermo Fisher with the Gold Excellence Award for Best Advance for Leading Under a Crisis.

This program received three different awards. The Brandon Hall Group recognized Thermo Fisher with two Gold Excellence Awards for (1) Best 
Advance in Leadership and (2) Senior Leadership Development. In addition, Chief Learning Officer magazine’s LearningElite program recognized 
Thermo Fisher with the gold Learning in Practice Award for Excellence in Blended Learning category.

This program will be launching in 2022.

Students reached include those benefiting from a STEM-related in-kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored 
by Thermo Fisher, our colleague-led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

Educators reached include those benefiting from a STEM-related in-kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored 
by Thermo Fisher, our colleague-led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

STEM events are planned interactions between a Thermo Fisher colleague(s) and a student or group of students engaging in science, technology, 
engineering or math learning activities.

Contributions made to religious or political organizations are not matched by Thermo Fisher.

Includes US territories.

In-kind donations include any product donations, including consumables, software or equipment. We use fair market value to account for these 
donations. Service is excluded from this figure.

This graph includes restated environmental data for the 2019-2020 reporting years due to material changes in methodology.

Each greener product category consists of multiple products within a product line—all of which share the same environmentally beneficial feature(s). 
To help labs reduce their environmental impact, we have designed these products to minimize the use of hazardous chemicals, minimize waste and 
material consumption, and/or increase energy efficiency.

We continue to participate in the US EPA Energy Star program and use the ENERGY STAR™ symbol to make it easy for our customers to identify 
and purchase energy-efficient products that help them save on energy costs and reduce emissions caused by inefficient energy use. Our reduced 
total number of ENERGY STAR-labeled products in 2021 compared to the previous year is due to the retirement of products and the consolidation 
of SKUs.

46

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr2021 global recognition

2021 regional recognition 

Award

Recognizing entity

Award

Recognizing entity

100 Best ESG Companies 

Investor’s Business Daily

Best COVID-19 Responder Award

OBN (UK)

2021 Company of the Year 

Instrument Business Outlook

Best Plants Award 

IndustryWeek (US)

America's Most Responsible Companies

Newsweek

Best Workplace for Women 2021 Award

Economic Times (India)

Best In-House Recruitment Team

Recruiter Magazine 

Company of the Year – Healthcare

World Leadership Congress (India)

Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion

Disability:IN

Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality

Human Rights Campaign

Great Place to Work

Great Place to Work™

Social Impact of the Year  
– Power of the Profession Award 

Gartner

Top 100 HR Departments 

HRO Today

Top 100 Internship Program 

WayUp

COVID Diagnostic Brand/  
‘Health Skilling Brand”

Integrated Health & Wellbeing 
Council (India)

Employer of Choice for Gender Equality

Governor’s Volunteer Service Award 

Workplace Gender Equality  
Agency (Australia)

State of North Carolina  
– Pitt County (US)

Great Place to Work 

Great Place to Work Institute (India)

Great Place to Work  
– Norway’s Best Employers, Top 3

Great Place to Work™

Top 50 Employers of HBCU Students

HBCU Connect

HR Team of the Year

San Diego HR Forum (US)

World’s Most Admired Companies

Fortune

World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies

Forbes

Responsible Employer 2021

Ministry for Human Capacities 
(Hungary)

47

We are continuously working to enhance our reporting practices. Starting with 2021, we are providing a consolidated view of select performance indicators organized around the pillars of 
our CSR strategy. Many of these indicators are being included for the first time in our CSR report.

Governance 

Operations continued

Unit

2021

Description

Unit

Description

General

Annual revenue

R&D spend

Board diversity1*

Board members

Women board members

Racially and ethnically diverse board members2

$USD Billions 

$USD Billions 

#

#

#

39.2 

1.4

12

3

3

1. Board diversity information comes from our proxy statement, which includes data from Q1 of 2022.
2. Other than White and may include Asian, Black, Hispanic, Indigenous and/or multiracial. 

Number of total reportable recalls7*

Number of products listed in the Food and Drug 
Administration’s (FDA) MedWatch Safety Alerts for 
Human Medical Products database*

Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in  
response to violations of cGMP, by type*

    Consent decree

    Number of FDA warning letters issued

    Form 483

EHS

Lost-time injury rate8

Total recordable injury rate9*

Supplier diversity

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

Operations

Description

Quality

Observation rate for government agency,  
regulatory oversight3

Observation rate for Thermo Fisher internal  
regulatory oversight4*

Percentage of regulatory inspections with  
zero findings5

Percentage of sites adhering to cGMP and/or  
certified to ISO 9001, ISO 13485 standards6

Number of recalls issued globally*

Unit

2021

Responsible sourcing*

Diverse and small supplier spend10

$USD Billions

Percentage of suppliers participating in EcoVadis 
program, by spend11

%

*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time. 

#

#

%

%

#

2.5

5.3

45

93

48

2021

36

0

0

0

7

0.2

0.5

2.0

31

48

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrOperations continued

Colleagues

Description

Unit

2021

Description

Unit

Percentage of suppliers committed to setting a 
science-based target, by spend12

Percentage of suppliers with a science-based 
target, by spend12

%

%

6

9

3. This figure represents the average number of observations per inspection. 
4. This rate represents the average number of observations per our internal quality management system  
    audit process.  
5. We define regulatory inspections as inspections conducted by any government agency.   
6. cGMP refers to current Good Manufacturing Practices.  
7.  Includes voluntary and involuntary recalls.   
8. The lost-time incident rate represents the number of lost-time injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo  
    Fisher per 100 full-time workers. Lost time is defined as one or more days away from work due to a   
    work-related injury or illness. 
9. The total recordable incident rate represents the number of recordable injuries or illnesses occurring  
     at Thermo Fisher per 100 full-time workers. Recordable injuries are defined by the US Occupational 

Safety and Health Administration and include injuries resulting in one or more of the following: a fatality, 
lost work days, restricted work days, loss of consciousness, medical treatment beyond first aid, or a 
significant injury or illness diagnosis by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional.
10. This figure represents our direct and indirect spend with diverse suppliers and qualified small  
      businesses in the US. It includes spend from approved commercial and individual subcontracting    
      plans. 
11. Direct materials spend only. 
12. Addressable spend includes all spend in Purchased Goods and Services, Scope 3 Category 1.  
     The boundary is companies listed on the Science Based Targets initiative website as of December 31,  
     2021. 
*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

Colleague population by region13

Americas

APAC

EMEA

Colleague population by gender14

Male 

Female

Not disclosed

Colleague population by gender and 
employment type14*

Male, full time

Male, part time

Female, full time

Female, part time

Undisclosed, full time

Undisclosed, part time

Talent15

Positions filled by internal candidates

Global leadership hires filled internally16

Global leadership hires who are women14, 16

Diversity and inclusion14, 15, 17

Percentage of women in US colleague population

Percentage of women in executive management 
roles in US18

Percentage of women in leadership roles in US15

Percentage of racially and ethnically diverse 
colleagues in US19

Percentage of racially and ethnically diverse 
colleagues in executive management roles in US18, 19

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

#

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

2021

91,767

47,812

13,940

30,015

91,767

51,920

37,134

2,713

91,767

51,067

853

35,531

1,603

2,677

36

52.0

48.3

38.7

41.5

35.1

38.3

39.1

23.2

49

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Colleagues continued

Description

Percentage of racially and ethnically diverse 
colleagues in leadership roles in US16, 19

Business Resource Groups (BRGs)

Local BRG chapters

Unit

%

#

#

2021

30.3

9

242

13. Our colleague population figures are reported as of December 31, 2021, based on actual  
      headcount. 
14. Gender and other diversity reporting is based on colleagues who voluntarily self-identify.
15. These indicators use a trailing twelve month calculation.
16. Leadership roles include managers at all levels of our organization. 
17. These indicators are only relevant to our US colleague population. 
18. Executive management includes Vice President roles and above at all levels of our organization. 
19. Other than White and may include Asian, Black, Hispanic, Indigenous and/or multiracial.
*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time. 

Communities

Description

Unit

Colleague and matching gift donations20

$USD Millions

Volunteer hours donated to the community21

Hours

Students reached through STEM programs22

Educators reached through STEM programs23

Number of STEM events24

#

#

#

2021

5.1 

105,000+

100,000+

6,600+

1,050+

20. Contributions made to religious or political organizations are not matched by Thermo Fisher.
21. This figure represents the total number of hours tracked for both Company-sponsored volunteer events  
      and personal volunteer time logged by colleagues in our Community Impact Portal.
22. Students impacted include those benefiting from a STEM-related in-kind or cash donation, as well   
      as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague-led Community   
      Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.
23. Educators impacted include those benifiting from a STEM-related in-kind or cash donation, as well  
      as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague-led Community   
      Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.
24. STEM events are planned interactions between a Thermo Fisher colleague(s) and a student or group of  
      students engaging in science, technology, engineering or math learning activities.

Environment

Description

Sustainable products

ENERGY STAR-certified products

ACT-labeled products*

Greener product categories25

Environmental indicators26* 

Climate

Unit

2021

#

#

#

250+

470

60

Scope 1 (fossil fuels and refrigerants)†

Scope 2, market based (electricity and steam)†

Total: Scope 1 and 2

Scope 1 and 2 absolute reduction since 2018  
(Target: 30% by 2030)

Scope 1 and 2 intensity

Scope 2, location based (electricity and steam)†

Scope 3 

   Purchased goods and services (category 1) 

   Capital goods (category 2)

    Upstream/downstream energy- and water-related 

activities (category 3)

   Upstream/downstream distribution (category 4) 

   Waste generated in operations (category 5)

   Business travel (category 6)

   Colleague commuting and work from home 
   (category 7) 

   Upstream leased assets (category 8)

    Downstream transportation and distribution 

(category 9)

Metric tons CO2e
(MTCO2e)

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

%

MTCO2e / Millions 
$USD revenue

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time. 
†This metric has gone through a limited assurance process.

298,043

314,972 

613,015

12

15.6

365,356 

11,232,116

6,121,014

224,832

130,493 

2,283,076 

11,971

41,013

190,837

0

—27

50

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
 
 
 
 
 
Environment continued

Environment continued

Description

   Processing of sold products (category 10)

   Use of sold products (category 11)

   End of life treatment, sold products (category 12)

   Downstream leased assets (category 13)

   Franchises (category 14)

   Investments (category 15)

Scope 3 intensity

Scope 3 (percent of Scope 1, 2 and 3)

Value chain (Scope 1 + 2 + 3)

Value chain intensity

Customer greenhouse gas (GHG) allocation  
intensity29

Unit

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e / Millions 
$USD revenue

%

MTCO2e

MTCO2e / Millions 
$USD revenue

MTCO2e / Millions 
$USD revenue

Fleet program

Total leased vehicles

   Battery electric vehicles (BEV)

Energy

Total energy use†

  Renewable electricity†

      On-site generation†

      PPA/supply contract†

      Environmental attribute certificates30†

  Non-renewable energy†

      Fossil fuels (gas, oil, diesel, gasoline)†

      Municipal steam + hot water†

      Electricity†

#

#

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

2021

Not relevant

2,228,880 

—28

Not relevant

Not relevant

Not relevant

286

95

11,845,131

302

245

7,514

16

2,549,319

258,848

10,760

131,029

117,059

2,290,471

1,356,937

18,845 

914,689

Description

Energy intensity

Renewable electricity (% of total electricity) 

Renewable energy (% of total energy)

Water

Water withdrawal

Water withdrawal intensity

Waste

Nonhazardous waste

   Reuse

   Compost

   Recycling

   Offsite wastewater treatment

   Landfill

Nonhazardous waste intensity

Reuse/recycling/compost as a percentage of 
nonhazardous waste

Waste-to-landfill diversion rate

Certified-zero-waste facilities31

Hazardous and biohazardous waste

   Reuse

Unit

2021

MWh / Million 
$USD revenue

%

%

Million cubic 
meters (m3)

m3 / Million  
$USD revenue

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons /
Million $USD 
revenue

%

%

#

65

22

10

5.1

130

80,087

13,023

771

32,178

1,216

13,304

19,595

2.0

57

76

24

   Incinerations with and without waste to energy

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

27,679

2,904

*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time. 
†This metric has gone through a limited assurance process. 

51

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrEnvironment continued

Description

   Recycle

   Offsite wastewater treatment

Unit

Metric tons

Metric tons

   Incinerations with and without waste to energy

Metric tons

   Landfill

Metric tons

2021

154

18

24,136

467

25. Each greener product category consists of multiple products within a product line—all of which share  
      the same environmentally beneficial feature(s). To help make labs more environmentally sustainable,  
      we have designed these products to minimize the use of hazardous chemicals, minimize waste and  
      material consumption, and/or increase energy efficiency.
26. Environmental data in this table covers all worldwide operations, including manufacturing facilities,   
      warehouses, offices, commercial fleets and consolidated subsidiaries, but excluding joint ventures.  
      The scope of environmental data presented in this report includes operations that we control. Where  
      energy data is not available, estimations based on regional energy intensity factors are used. Where  
      water and waste data is not available, estimations based on existing data is used. 
27. Spend-based analysis is currently unable to separate upstream and downstream transportation and  
      distribution. Figures presented in upstream transportation and distribution represent both upstream  
      and downstream emissions. 
28. Emissions associated with end-of-life treatment and sold products is relevant. The methodology used  
      to determine the emissions for this category is in progress. 
29. Value includes Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3 (categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8). Emissions from other    
      categories are already captured in the customer’s Scope 1, 2 and downstream Scope 3 and therefore  
      not included. 
30. Environmental attribute certificates retired include unbundled Green-e certified Renewable Energy  
      Certifications and EECS AIB Guarantees of Origin to match electricity usage in the US, Canada and  
      Europe, respectively. 
31.  Zero waste is defined as the diversion of at least 90% of nonhazardous waste from landfill and 

incineration to energy. Sites are certified by a third party. 

*This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.
†This metric has gone through a limited assurance process. 

52

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 1 – UN Sustainable Development Goals 

At Thermo Fisher, we support the UN 2030 Agenda. The following table is not intended to be an exhaustive list of our contributions to the Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs), but rather provides highlights for some of the goals where we have identified a strong strategic alignment.

Sustainable  
Development Goals

Strategic alignment

2021 featured contributions

Our Mission is to enable our customers to 
make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. 
Our products and services are designed to 
contribute to the health and well-being of 
humanity and benefit society globally.

We see particular alignment with target 
3b, which supports the research and 
development of vaccines and medicines 
and provides access to affordable essential 
medicines and vaccines. 

Ensure healthy lives and promote 
well-being for all at all ages.

We are helping to ignite the spark that will 
inspire the next generation of innovators. 
As an industry leader, we are committed 
to helping young people discover science, 
ensuring continued interest in science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics 
(STEM) subjects for future generations

Ensure inclusive and equitable 
quality education and promote 
lifelong learning opportunities  
for all.

	− Thermo Fisher is committed to accelerating the discovery of solutions that can deliver more equitable health 

outcomes for society. In 2021, we were among the launch partners for the Bespoke Gene Therapy Consortium. 
Together with the National Institutes of Health, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and industry and nonprofit 
partners, we are advancing the development of gene therapies to help fill the unmet medical needs of patients 
with rare diseases. While a single rare disease affects small numbers of people, rare diseases collectively affect an 
estimated 300 million people globally.

	− Our Company is uniquely positioned to play a role in advancing global health equity. Joining forces with customers 
and communities, we leverage our capabilities to help remove obstacles to healthcare in line with our Mission and 
our commitment to serving science and society. With harmonized and equitable pricing, we have supported over 100 
low- and middle-income countries and global health partners that otherwise lacked access to affordable diagnostic 
testing at scale. 

	− During the second major COVID-19 wave in India, we took several actions to support the local response to an 
unprecedented health crisis. This included partnering with UNICEF and the Government of India to scale in-
country capacity. We installed 97 Thermo Scientific™ KingFisher™ Flex instruments for nucleic acid, protein and cell 
purification, and our facility in Bengaluru ramped up production of a COVID-19 test specifically for India. Through our 
Foundation for Science, we also provided $10 million in philanthropic and in-kind product support.

Additional information on our Global Health Equity efforts is available on pages 37 and 38 of this report.

	− Our signature STEM education programs connect students and colleagues through hands-on and team-based 
activities that highlight our technologies, foster curiosity in STEM careers and demonstrate how our Company 
influences the world. To amplify our STEM impact, we continue to invest in and leverage our Foundation for Science, 
supporting groups that are underrepresented in STEM fields. As the world leader in serving science, one of our 
greatest opportunities is to help build a life sciences sector that more fully represents our diverse society.

	− Our STEM partners help us deliver on our commitment to inspire a new generation of innovators through top-tier 
STEM programming that spans a range of models, from mobile learning to innovation labs. These efforts not only 
support students, but also provide our colleagues with rewarding volunteer opportunities. Our flagship partners 
include the Boys & Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) and the China Youth Development Foundation (CYDF).  

Additional information about our efforts in advancing STEM education is available on pages 33 through 35 of this report.

53

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrSustainable  
Development Goals

Strategic alignment

2021 featured contributions

We provide fulfilling careers across the 
globe, ensuring equity and opportunity for 
those historically underrepresented in the 
STEM industry specifically or the workforce 
generally.

 − Across our global footprint, we take a localized approach to economic development and job creation. In 2021, 
Thermo Fisher was awarded a $192.5 million contract by the US Department of Defense. For this project, our 
Company is co-investing with the US government to build a new, state-of-the-art, energy-efficient manufacturing 
facility in a community in North Carolina. It will create hundreds of manufacturing, entry-level and management jobs in 
the region and, over time, has the potential for future expansion across a variety of high-demand product lines.

Our collaborative and inclusive culture  
helps our colleagues connect and grow  
as one global team.

Promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full 
and productive employment and 
decent work for all.

One of the pillars of our growth strategy is 
high-impact innovation through which we 
deliver groundbreaking technologies. The 
depth of our capabilities and our Practical 
Process Improvement (PPI) Business 
System enable us to advance product, 
infrastructure and process sustainability. 
Through our reach, we support the capacity 
building of local researchers to further 
advance scientific discovery and effectively 
foster local industry.

Build resilient infrastructure, 
promote inclusive and sustainable 
industrialization and foster 
innovation.

 − Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Global Equal Employment Opportunity and Human Rights Policy 
are examples of the several policies that reinforce treating our colleagues with the dignity and respect they 
deserve. This commitment to fair and safe work experiences also extends to our suppliers—through our Supplier 
Code of Conduct—where we set expectations for them to operate with integrity and to embed good practices and 
responsible policies, including combating modern slavery and human trafficking.

 − We understand that some of the brightest minds are just at the beginning of their careers, which is why we invest in 
meaningful early talent attraction and acquisition programs and create working opportunities for students who 
will become the next generation of scientists, engineers, functional business leaders and general managers. Each 
year, we hire over 500 colleagues in the early stages of their careers for our best-in-class programs, which include 
dynamic opportunities for high school and collegiate internships, co-op programs, apprenticeships, leadership 
development programs in nine functional areas and various full-time roles.

Additional information about our talent and diversity and inclusion (D&I) practices is available on pages 22 through 28  
of this report.  

 − During 2021, we invested $1.4 billion in R&D across our businesses to deliver new technologies that are helping 

our customers advance their important work. For example: 

 − In our mass spectrometry business, we extended the impact of our industry-leading Thermo Scientific™ 
Orbitrap™ platform to bring high-resolution analysis to a range of applications, including toxicology and 
metabolomics. 

 − In our electron microscopy business, we introduced the Thermo Scientific™ Helios 5 EXL Wafer DualBeam 

Scanning Electron Microscope to support the development of increasingly smaller and more complex 
semiconductors.

 − In our bioproduction business, we expanded our line of Thermo Scientific™ HyPerforma™ DynaDrive™ Single-Use 
Bioreactors to support efficient single-use bioprocessing, from pilot scale all the way to commercial production. 

 − In our genetic sciences business, we introduced our new Applied Biosystems™ QuantStudio™ 7 Pro DX Real-

Time PCR System, which enables clinical testing laboratories to advance molecular diagnostics. 

 − In 2021, we announced collaborations with (1) Mayo Clinic to accelerate the development and adoption of more 
precise and personalized diagnostics for blood-based cancers; (2) University of California, San Francisco, to 
increase innovation in cell and gene therapy; and (3) University of California, Davis, on metabolomics research to 
advance precision medicine. These are just a few of our customer collaborations that are redefining what it means for 
industry, academic and healthcare businesses to work together to benefit patients.

 − In 2021, we provided in-person training and 24/7 remote support to the Honduras public laboratory network 
to ensure their labs remained operational while empowering their technicians to perform and transfer knowledge 
independently. As a result, over 200,000 tests were performed.  

Additional information about this engagement is available on page 38 of this report. 

54

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
Sustainable  
Development Goals

Strategic alignment

2021 featured contributions

Our business policies and practices 
reflect equality and advance equity for our 
stakeholders. We promote diversity and 
inclusion by creating conditions that drive 
favorable economic and social outcomes for 
groups traditionally underrepresented within 
our industry and across our value chain.

Reduced inequalities within and 
among countries.

	− Our five-year D&I strategic plan has served as a roadmap and guided our progress since 2017. We have 

strengthened our culture of inclusion and enhanced our approach to further embed diversity as an essential aspect of 
fulfilling our Mission. From 2017, we increased US representation of women and racially and ethnically diverse 
colleagues.

	− We are proud to sponsor nine global Business Resource Groups (BRGs) that represent diverse affinities within our 
Company. Our BRGs play a critical role in building a culture that encourages and embraces differences. By 
fostering inclusion and belonging, building allyship, and supporting career growth of colleagues, our BRGs collaborate 
with our D&I team to deliver on our business objectives and strategic imperatives. Members of our Company 
leadership team serve as executive sponsors for BRGs to build allyship and understanding while maximizing the 
success and impact of these groups.

	− Within our communities, we continue our efforts to advance racial equity and social justice. In 2021, we 
committed $25 million in impact investment with minority-serving financial institutions that focus on Black 
communities and businesses. Supporting institutions that provide a bridge to empowering the historically 
disenfranchised, these investments are part of the Company’s broader approach to addressing inequalities and 
strengthening communities through our business practices.

Additional information about our efforts in advancing inclusion and reducing inequalities is available on pages 22 through 
24 of this report.

Take urgent action to combat 
climate change and its impacts.

We recognize the inextricable link between 
a healthy planet and healthy people. As the 
world leader in serving science, we support 
the urgent call from scientists around the 
world to address climate change. We are 
focused on protecting the planet, starting 
with reducing our carbon footprint. As a 
responsible business partner, we help our 
customers advance climate science and 
reduce the environmental impact of their 
own labs and operations.

	− In 2021, we announced our goal to become net-zero across our value chain by 2050 and joined the Business 

Ambition for 1.5°C campaign led by the Science Based Targets initiative, aligning our goals with the Paris Agreement. 
This goal expands on our existing 2030 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% compared  
to 2018.

	− We established a near-term reduction target for our indirect Scope 3 emissions. We will engage suppliers 

representing 90% of our Scope 3 emissions from (1) Purchased Goods and Services and (2) Upstream Transportation 
and Distribution in setting climate-related, science-based targets by 2027.

	− In 2021, we achieved a 12% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions compared to our 2018 

baseline and a 1% reduction compared to the prior year.

	− We completed energy assessments at our largest manufacturing facilities that represent 40% of our Scope 1 and 

Scope 2 footprint.  

	− Procuring renewable electricity is important to our near-term strategy to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 

We achieved a new record in 2021 with 22% of global electricity coming from renewable sources, a 69% 
increase over the prior year.  

Additional information about our efforts to combat climate change is available on pages 40 and 41 of this report.

55

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrAppendix 2 – Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index

General disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Response/Reference

GRI 102:  
General 
disclosures 2016

Organizational profile

102-1 Name of the organization

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.

102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services

2021 Form 10-K – Business, pages 3 through 11 
2021 CSR Report – Our Company, page 5 

102-3 Location of headquarters

168 Third Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts, 02451, USA

102-4 Location of operations

2021 CSR Report – Operations, pages 19 and 20

102-5 Ownership and legal form

102-6 Markets served

Thermo Fisher is a publicly traded Company.  
2021 Form 10-K – Cover page 

2021 Annual Report – Revenue profile, page 3 
2021 Form 10-K  – Sales and marketing, page 11 

102-7 Scale of the organization

2021 CSR Report  – Our Company, page 5 

– CSR Data summary, pages 48 through 50
2021 Form 10-K – Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3, page 62

 – Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1, page 55 and Note 4, pages 66 and 67

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

102-9 Supply chain

2021 Form 10-K – Human capital – page 14
                           – Colleagues, pages 22 and 23 
2021 CSR Report  – Operations, pages 19 and 20 
– Data summary table, page 49

2021 CSR Report – Operations, pages 19 and 20
Global Procurement
Global Supply Chain

102-10 Significant changes to the organization  
and its supply chain

2021 Form 10-K – Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2, page 62

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach

EHS Policy

EHS Management System

Environment

Performance and Disclosure

Sustainable Product Design 
2021 CSR Report – Environment, pages 39 and 40
2022 Proxy Statement – Environment, pages 35 and 36

102-12 External initiatives

Bespoke Gene Therapy Consortium, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, CDP, 
China Youth Development Foundation, Energize, Manufacture 2030, Mobile BioClass, Responsible Minerals Initiative 
(RMI), Science Based Targets initiative, Seeding Labs, United Nations Global Compact 

56

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrGeneral disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

102-13 Membership of associations 

Response/Reference

Alliance for Regenerative Medicine, American Central European Business Association, American Clinical Laboratory 
Association, BIOCOM, Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship, Business Council for International 
Understanding, Business Europe, Business Roundtable, Government Relations Roundtable, Health Industry Distributors 
Association, Institute of Clean Air Companies, Mass High Tech Council, MassBioTechnology, Med Tech Europe, Medical 
Device Manufacturing Association, National Association for Business PAC, National Association of Manufacturers, 
National Association of Medicine Climate Action Collaborative, Personalized Medicine Coalition, The Business Council, 
United Medical Research, US China Business Council, US India Strategic Partnership Inc., Waltham West Suburban 
Chamber of Commerce Foundation, World Economic Forum

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker

2021 CSR Report – Letter from our CEO, page 4

Ethics & integrity

102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Governance

102-18 Governance structure

Stakeholder engagement

2021 CSR Report – Operations, pages 14 and 15
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Our Values
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Ethics Compliance Program and Antibribery
Supplier Code of Conduct 
2022 Proxy Statement

2022 Proxy Statement
Corporate By-laws
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Governance Documents
2020 CSR Report – CSR Approach and governance, page 7
2021 CSR Report – Our CSR commitment, page 9
2021 Form 10-K – Risk factors, operational risks, page 21

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Communities, customers, colleagues, governments, investors, NGOs, regulators, suppliers

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Thermo Fisher Scientific respects colleagues’ freedom to organize in labor unions and bargain collectively in  
accordance with applicable law. 

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement 

57

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrGeneral disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Response/Reference

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement

Reporting practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial  
statements

2021 Form 10-K  – Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1, Principles of Consolidation, page 55 

– Exhibit 21, Subsidiaries of the Registrant, page 136

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries

Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement

102-47 List of material topics

Materiality & Stakeholder Engagement
2021 CSR Report – Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65

102-48 Restatements of information

2021 CSR Report – Endnotes, pages 45 and 46 

102-49 Changes in reporting

2021 CSR Report – About this report, page 3 

102-50 Reporting period

January 1, 2021 – December 31, 2021

102-51 Date of most recent report

102-52 Reporting cycle

2020

Annual

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

responsibility@thermofisher.com

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI 
Standards

This report has not been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards; however, we have used the GRI Standards to 
inform this report.

102-55 GRI content index

102-56 External assurance

2021 CSR Report – Appendix 2, GRI index, pages 56 through 61

2021 CSR Report – About this report, page 3 

200 - Economic

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

Innovation

2021 Form 10-K – Risk factors, business risks, pages 18 and 19 
2021 CSR Report  – Our Company, page 5
– Appendix 1, UN Sustainable Development Goals, pages 53 through 55 
– Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65
2021 Annual Report – Commitment to high-impact innovation, pages 3 and 4
2022 Proxy Statement – 2021 Performance, page 3

58

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrGeneral disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

300 - Environmental

Response/Reference

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

Energy

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of climate 
change.

2021 CSR Report  – Environment, pages 40 and 41 
– Data summary table, page 51  
– Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65

EHS Policy
EHS Management System
Environment
Performance and Disclosure

Emissions

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of climate 
change.

2021 CSR Report  – Environment, pages 40 and 41 

– Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65

EHS Policy
EHS Management System
Environment
Performance and Disclosure 

GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016

400 - Social

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

2021 CSR Report – Data summary table, page 50 

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

2021 CSR Report – Data summary table, page 50

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

2021 CSR Report – Data summary table, pages 50 and 51 

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

2021 CSR Report – Data summary table, page 51

Training & education

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of talent 
management.

2021 Form 10-K – Human Capital, Talent Development, pages 14 and 15 
2021 CSR Report  – Colleagues, pages 28 through 30 

– Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65

Colleagues

GRI 404: Training 
& education 2016

404-2 Programs for upgrading colleague skills and transition 
assistance programs

2021 Form 10-K – Human Capital, Talent Development, pages 14 and 15 
2021 CSR Report – Colleagues, pages 28 through 30

59

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrTopic

Accounting metric

Business ethics

HC-MS-510a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal  
proceedings associated with bribery or corruption

Reference

Omission

HC-MS-510a.2 Description of code of ethics governing interactions with 
health care professionals

Governance and Ethics – Ethics, Compliance, and Responsible Sales & Marketing Practices
Thermo Fisher Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Table 2. Activity metrics

Activity metric

Code

Number of units 
sold by product 
category

HC-MS-000.A

General disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

Response/Reference

Omission

Response/Reference

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

GRI 405: 
Diversity & equal 
opportunity 2016

Diversity & equal opportunity

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of  
diversity and inclusion

2021 Form 10-K – Human capital, Diversity and inclusion, pages 14 and 15 
2021 CSR Report  – Colleagues, pages 21 through 24 

– Appendix 5, Material topics definitions, page 65 
– Data summary table, pages 49 and 50

Colleagues

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and colleagues

2021 CSR Report  – Colleagues, page 23 

– Data summary table, pages 48 through 50

2022 Proxy Statement – Board snapshot, page 3

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of  
women to men

Gender pay gap is disclosed only for United Kingdom and France, fulfilling statutory reporting requirements. 
2021 UK Gender Pay Gap Report
2021 Frances Gender Pay Gap Report

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

Local communities

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of 
community development.

2021 CSR Report – Communities, pages 32 through 38
Communities
STEM Education
Our Giving
The Just Project
Volunteer Impact 
2022 Proxy Statement – Communities, pages 34 and 35

60

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
General disclosures

GRI Standard

Disclosure

GRI 413: Local 
communities 
2016

413-1 Operations with local community engagement,  
impact assessments, and development programs

GRI 103: 
Management 
approach 2016

Customer health & safety

We have mapped this topic to our material issue  
of product safety and quality

Response/Reference

2021 CSR Report – Communities, pages 32 through 38
2022 Proxy Statement – Communities, pages 34 and 35
Communities
STEM Education
Our Giving
The Just Project
Volunteer Impact 

2021 CSR Report – Operations, Management systems, page 16
Quality Management
Quality Policy
Operations
2022 Proxy Statement – Sustainability, Operations, page 3
ISO Certifications

Appendix 3 – SASB Index - Medical equipment & supplies

Table 1. Sustainability disclosure topics & accounting metrics

Topic

Accounting metric

Affordability & 
pricing

HC-MS-240a.1 Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for 
all products) to the annual increase in the US Consumer Price Index

Reference

Omission

HC-MS-240a.2 Description of how price information for each product is 
disclosed to customers or to their agents

Omission

Product safety

HC-MS-250a.1 Number of recalls issued, total units recalled

2021 CSR Report – Data summary, Operations, pages 48 and 49

HC-MS-250a.2 List of products in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety  
Alerts for Human Medical Products database

2021 CSR Report – Data summary, Operations, pages 48 and 49

HC-MS-250a.3 Number of fatalities related to products as reported in  
the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience

HC-MS-250a.4 Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response  
to violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), by type

Omission

Omission

61

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrTopic

Accounting metric

Reference

Ethical marketing

HC-MS-270a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false marketing claims

2021 CSR Report – Data summary, Operations, pages 48 and 49

HC-MS-270a.2 Description of code of ethics governing promotion of  
off-label use of products

Governance and Ethics – Ethics, Compliance, and Responsible Sales & Marketing Practices

Product design 
& lifecycle 
management

HC-MS-410a.1 Discussion of process to assess and manage 
environmental and human health considerations associated with  
chemicals in products, and meet demand for sustainable products

Environment, Health & Safety (Hazard identification and risk management)
Product Design
2021 CSR Report – Environment, pages 42 and 43
Sustainable Product Design

HC-MS-410a.2 Total amount of products accepted for takeback and 
reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1) devices and equipment 
and (2) supplies

Product End of Life

Supply chain 
management

HC-MS-430a.1 Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ 
facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and 
product quality

2021 CSR Report – Operations, Management systems page 16

HC-MS-430a.2 Description of efforts to maintain traceability within the 
distribution chain

Global Supply Chain (Responsible sourcing and modern slavery act)
Thermo Fisher Scientific Conflict Minerals Statement
2021 CSR Report – Operations, Responsible sourcing, pages 19 and 20

Thermo Fisher is a member of the RMI. The RMI uses an independent third-party assessment (Responsible 
Minerals Assurance Process - RMAP) of smelter/refiner management systems and sourcing practices to 
validate conformance. The RMAP standards were developed to meet the requirements of the OECD Due 
Diligence Guidance and the US Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Conflict 
Minerals). The assessments help Thermo Fisher make informed decisions about responsibly sourced 
minerals in our supply chain.

HC-MS-430a.3 Description of the management of risks associated with 
the use of critical materials

Resilient Supply
2021 Form 10-K  – Resources, page 12 

– Operational Risks, pages 20 and 21

Business ethics

HC-MS-510a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal  
proceedings associated with bribery or corruption

Omission

HC-MS-510a.2 Description of code of ethics governing interactions with 
health care professionals

Governance and Ethics  – Ethics, Compliance, and Responsible Sales & Marketing Practices
Thermo Fisher Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Table 2. Activity metrics

Activity metric

Code

Number of units 
sold by product 
category

HC-MS-000.A

Response/Reference

Omission

62

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrAppendix 4 – TCFD Index

This index references the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Framework where disclosures may align with other publicly available information.

Topic

Recommended disclosure

Response

Governance

Describe the board’s oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors oversees the Company’s 
environmental, social and governance efforts and associated risks, including those related to climate. In addition to regular reports, in 
2021, the Committee engaged in a session dedicated to Thermo Fisher’s carbon reduction strategy and key initiatives.

Describe management’s role in assessing  
and managing risks and opportunities.

Strategy

Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has identified 
over the short, medium, and long term.

Describe the impact of climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

In 2021, we enhanced strategic investments in staffing, reevaluating and resourcing our climate program to support the design and 
implementation of our net-zero roadmap. We also expanded our governance model around climate to enable decision making that 
purposefully accelerates our climate strategy. Tiered steering committees are embedded within the organization and ladder up to the 
Company leadership team. Together with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, top executives with climate, operations 
and finance expertise review our plans, risks and results on a quarterly basis. 

Our risk management process has identified short-term risks and impacts: acute physical, increased severity and frequency of 
extreme weather events contributing increased capital expenditures; chronic, physical changes in precipitation patterns and extreme 
variability in weather patterns contributing to increased risks to operations. 

Climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced the Company’s strategy and financial planning. Thermo Fisher has made new 
foundational investments in infrastructure, organizational structure, systems and human capital—key levers for accelerating the design 
and systematic implementation of our developing net-zero roadmap. We established a plan to enable a strategic mix of legitimate 
emissions reduction actions that will deliver positive impact at scale. In 2021, we enhanced investments in staffing, reevaluating and 
resourcing our climate program. 

In 2022, our priority is to develop climate scenario analysis processes to help the business understand the potential impact of physical 
and transitional risks across low-, medium- and high-case scenarios based on Representative Concentration Pathways shared by the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Risk types that will be considered include current and emerging regulation, technology, 
legal, market risk and opportunities, reputation risk and opportunities, acute physical risk, and chronic physical risk. 

Climate change risks and opportunities will continue to inform the Company’s strategy with regard to product and services, supply 
and value chain, and operations, and will continue to be incorporated into the Company’s financial planning from a direct cost, capital 
expenditures and capital allocation standpoint.   

Topic

Strategy

Recommended disclosure

Response

Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into consideration different 
climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or 
lower scenario.

Climate scenario analysis will inform the resilience of our current climate strategy and help identify areas for further strengthening  
based on different climate-related scenarios.  

Thermo Fisher’s short- and long-term strategies are linked to our emissions reduction targets, which are aligned with the well-below 
2°C pathway. These targets align with two of the three pillars of our Company’s growth strategy: developing high-impact products and 
enhancing our unique customer value proposition.  

63

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrRisk management

Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related 
risks.

To inform the wider enterprise risk management process of any specific risks and opportunities posed by climate change and/or 
the transition to a low-carbon economy, we review insurance reports outlining flooding, wildfires and extreme weather risks for all 
Company sites. To manage identified risks, site-specific mitigation plans are developed. In 2021, Thermo Fisher spent $1.8 million 
related to these plans.

Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related risks 
are integrated into the organization’s overall 
risk management. 

Describe the organization’s processes for 
managing climate-related risks. 

Metrics & targets

Disclose the metrics used by the organization 
to assess climate-related risks and 
opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 
management process.

In 2022, our priority is to develop climate scenario analysis processes to help us understand the potential impact of physical and 
transitional risks across low-, medium- and high-case scenarios based on Representative Concentration Pathways shared by the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 

Climate science is clear. Urgent action is needed to avoid the worst impacts of climate change, which Thermo Fisher has prioritized 
as core to our Mission and integral to our business and sustainability strategies. In 2021, we increased our climate ambition by 
committing to net-zero emissions across our value chain by 2050 and joining the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign led by 
the Science Based Targets initiative, aligning our goals with the Paris Agreement. This net-zero target builds on our near-term climate 
goals. 

We are actively developing our operational roadmap to a net-zero value chain to manage climate-related risks. Key components of 
our plan include a transition from fossil fuels to renewable electricity, supplier engagement program and sustainable product design 
program to enable our customers to achieve their goals and drive innovation. As our roadmap evolves, we continue to frame our 
approach toward a broader range of emissions sources such as our fleet, waste generation, transportation and business travel. With 
insights in these areas, our colleagues and other stakeholders are critical partners in helping us achieve our goals.

The Company has established the following metrics to measure and track the progress of our climate program: 

 − Direct and indirect emissions 
 − GHG emission intensity and allocation to customers 
 − Generation and procurement of renewable electricity 
 − Supplier engagement and performance with our EcoVadis and CDP supplier programs 
 − Suppliers committing to and setting science-based targets 
 − Number of greener products available to customers 
 − Number of products with environmental labeling   

Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and 
the related risks.

We report on our GHG emissions and progress towards near- and long-term targets in line with the GHG Protocol guidance for 
defining and calculating GHG footprint, which can be found in the Data summary table on pages 50 through 52 of this report.

Describe the targets used by the organization 
to manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities and performance against 
targets.

The Company currently has two near-term and one long-term climate target: 

 − By 2030, reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 30% from 2018 baseline 
 − By 2027, 90% of suppliers, by spend, will set science-based targets 
 − By 2050, achieve net-zero emissions

64

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csrAppendix 5 –  
Material issue definitions

Appendix 6 –  
Additional resources

The table below presents how we define our priority, material issues.

In this report and other communications and statements, when we use the terms 
“material,” “materiality” and similar terms, we are using such terms to refer to topics that 
reflect Thermo Fisher’s significant economic, environmental and social impacts or to 
refer to topics that are important to stakeholders and our business success. We are not 
using these terms as they have been defined by or construed in accordance with the 
securities laws or any other laws of the US or any other jurisdiction, or as these terms 
are used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting, and nothing in 
this report or other sustainability reports, communications and statements should be 
construed to indicate otherwise.

For further information on Thermo Fisher’s sustainability efforts, please see our  
CSR webpage and the following resources.

Corporate policies

Corporate reports

Political Contributions Policy

2021 Annual Report

2020 Political Contributions Report

2021 Form 10-K

Corporate Bylaws

2022 Proxy Statement

Corporate Governance Guidelines

2021 UK Gender Pay Gap Report

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

2021 France Gender Pay Gap Report  

Operations

Innovation

Product safety & quality

Colleagues

D&I

Talent management

Communities

Community development

Environment

Climate change

Promoting innovation within the workforce and offering new 
services/products with high added value for customers to enable 
them to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

Ensuring that products are safe for consumers and manufactured 
in a way that meets appropriate quality and safety assurance  
standards and applicable regulations.

Efforts to ensure Company workforce reflects the diversity  
(in gender, age, etc.) in the countries of operation.

Providing opportunities to promote professional growth and  
learning among new and existing colleagues, matching colleague 
skills with the needs of the business and allowing for promotion 
within the Company and/or advancement externally in order to 
remain an employer of choice and retain key talent.

UK Tax Policy

Supplier Code of Conduct

Global Equal Employment Opportunity and 
Human Rights Policy

Conflict Minerals Statement

Modern Slavery Act Statement

Environmental, Health and Safety Policy

Quality Policy

Environmental impact

2020 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire*

2020 CDP Water Security Questionnaire*

Programs aimed at building long-lasting local relationships and 
improving economic and social circumstances at the local level in 
territories where the Company is operating/sourcing materials.

* We are providing questionnaires from 2020 because, at the time of this report’s publication, 
the 2021 CDP reporting cycle was still open.

Reducing emissions that contribute to the greenhouse effect and 
other harmful environmental impacts. Improving energy efficiency 
and use of renewable energy sources in our own operations and  
supply chain. Efforts to develop strategies to mitigate climate 
change across the Company’s value chain.

65

2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Reportthermofisher.com/csr 
 Learn more at thermofisher.com/csr 
or email us at responsibility@thermofisher.com

© 2022 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of 
Thermo Fisher Scientific and its subsidiaries unless otherwise specified.

22-0304      LS      05/22

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

In line with our commitment to on relevant environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities.

The transparency, we are continuously working to enhance our reporting content of this report is presented in line with our CSR strategy, which and disclosure.

This publication covers Thermo Fisher Scientific’s CSR programs, structure.

On December 8, 2021, the Company acquired finance.

PPD, Inc., a leading global provider of clinical research services to the our consolidated key performance indicators for our fiscal year 2021. pharma and biotech industry.

For select environmental performance metrics, Bureau Veritas has included in the scope of this report.

To prepare this report, we considered internationally recognized standards, guidelines and frameworks and have included a reference index for each of the following: United Nations Sustainable such in the Data summary, and a copy of the Assurance Statement provides details of the assurance scope, standards used, work undertaken and conclusions.

CSR approach, please contact us at responsibility thermofisher.com.

At Thermo Fisher, everything we do is driven by our Mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

It is our purpose the heart of who we are as a Company and it inspires our more than 100,000 colleagues to bring their best every day.

As the world leader in serving science, we know we are here to help make the world a better place.

I’m very proud of the way we delivered on that responsibility in 2021, and I’m deeply grateful to our global team for making it possible because of the importance of the work we do every day.

As we help our customers diagnose diseases, develop new treatments, protect our planet and keep people safe, we’re committed to conducting our business the right way.

One important aspect of this lies in creating a great work environment for our colleagues.

We continue to build a vibrant and inclusive culture that embraces unique perspectives and inspires our team members to achieve their full potential.

I’m proud that Thermo Fisher is included on Forbes’ list of the World’s Top Female Friendly Companies and that we’ve received a 100% ranking for LGBTQ workplace equality from the Human Rights Campaign for the seventh consecutive year.

And once again, Fortune has named us one of the World’s Most Admired Companies.

Yet, the truest test of our culture is the feedback we receive from our own team, and one way we gather it is through our annual Employee Involvement Survey (EIS).

Our 2021 results were our best yet and told us that our colleagues feel very proud of what we do, have confidence in our leadership, are deeply engaged and feel that we create an inclusive environment.

Of course, there’s always more we can do, and we’ll continue to make Thermo Fisher an even better place to work.

One of the most wonderful attributes of our Thermo Fisher family is our colleagues’ passion for making a difference in their communities.

In 2021, we collectively supported more than 100,000 students through our corporate science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) programs and colleague led Community Action Councils (CACs).

We also continued to invest in our Foundation for Science, which amplifies our longstanding support for STEM education access.

Through the Just Project, we extended our support of free COVID 19 testing at historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs).

The Just Project also includes our commitment to hire at least 500 HBCU graduates through 2023, strengthening diversity and inclusion (D I) within our Company while also helping to address inequities in our society.

Another powerful example of this is our 25 million impact investment to support Black businesses and communities.

Our global responsibility to society also encompasses environmental stewardship, which we bring to life in many ways.

We provide technologies that enable scientists to study climate change and help manufacturers monitor emissions to keep air and water clean.

We continue to develop greener products so our customers can achieve their sustainability goals.

In fact, our fully recyclable paper cooler packaging that our teams developed in 2019 for our temperature sensitive life sciences products has already eliminated the use of enough extruded polystyrene foam to fill 24 Olympic sized swimming pools.

In 2021, we took another significant step by committing to net zero emissions by 2050, which builds on our near term carbon reduction targets.

Well before that time, we will transition away from fossil fuels and accelerate our use of new renewable electricity sources.

Our Germering, Germany site is setting the example of how we will achieve this goal.

Their use of renewables has resulted in zero emissions from the site’s infrastructure.

To continue providing greater visibility to these priorities and our performance, we are actively enhancing the external disclosures for our ESG activities.

To further advance our ESG strategy, we published a Sustainable Financing Framework that outlines how we support global health equity, social justice, eco friendly scientific discovery and protecting the environment.

I’m very proud of the progress our Company is making.

Not only are these actions benefitting society, but they are strengthening our Company and making us a better partner for all of our stakeholders.

I encourage you to read more about our contributions in this report, and I invite you to join us on this journey.

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science.

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

Our global team of more than 100,0001 dedicated colleagues helps our customers discover new therapies and medicines, protect the environment, make sure our food is safe and advance science through thousands of other bold projects that improve millions of lives.

We bring our Mission to life in the work we do to make a difference for our customers and for society.

The following are examples of our Mission in action.

We enable healthier outcomes, including through a public private partnership accelerating research that can fill the unmet medical needs of an estimated 3002 million people who suffer from rare diseases globally.

We support a cleaner world, including through technologies that support the development of more efficient and powerful batteries that have the potential to revolutionize the electric vehicle industry.

We build safer communities, including through our personal radiation detectors, which protect security teams and first responders so they can keep the public safe from radiation incidents.

Thermo Fisher’s 4i Values make up the foundation of our culture and guide our colleagues’ interactions with our customers, suppliers and partners, communities and with each other.

Our industry leading brands enable our customers to push science and technology a step beyond where they are today.

PPD is the latest addition to our portfolio, enhancing our capabilities to serve our pharma and biotech customers.

By enabling them to accelerate innovation and increase productivity within the drug development process, we help these customers reduce the time and cost of bringing life changing medicines to the patients who need them.

Each day, our colleagues positively impact science and society through their incredible passion, commitment and excellence.

In 2021, our team once again delivered outstanding financial performance and advanced the track record of success, leadership and value creation for which Thermo Fisher is known.

Read more about our financial performance in our latest Annual Report.

At Thermo Fisher, we facilitate growth and discovery across the scientific community.

Globally, we have been issued 7,500 patents over the last five years.

These investments drive innovation across our business and strengthen our support of customers.

Through these collaborations, we are supporting the development of cutting edge cancer and cell based therapies, enhancing diagnostics research and accelerating the adoption of precision medicine.

Our commitment to innovation enables our customers to advance their important work and make the world a healthier place.

It supports the development and commercialization significant strides in precision medicine with dozens of allogeneic, off the shelf therapies that have the of novel therapies that allow for more personalized potential to make targeted cancer treatment more and targeted approaches to treatment.

When fighting affordable and accessible to the many cancer cancer, one prominent cell therapy, chimeric antigen patients in need.

T cells, modifies them to target and kill cancer cells, and then reintroduces those cells back into the patient.

This therapy has been proven to prevent the relapse of blood cancers.

Learn how CAR T helped five year old Gideon and his family find hope again.

Unfortunately, the highly customized CAR T approach is costly.

To make treatment more accessible, our customers have been exploring ways to scale by using healthy donor T cells (allogeneic therapies) instead of T cells from the individual patient (autologous therapies).

If successful, CAR T could become more cost efficient and widely used.

In 2021, we delivered a product to help customers bring this life saving therapy to patients faster.

Precision medicine is revolutionizing cancer care.

We are committed to supporting researchers in advancing the development of allogeneic cell therapies, which can make these life saving treatments more affordable and widely accessible to cancer patients.

Daniella Cramp its kind media solution specifically formulated to culture healthy donor cells for use in cell therapies.

As the world leader in serving science, the products and services we provide to our customers help them tackle some of the world’s greatest societal and environmental challenges.

Given our industry position, the scale of our operations, the talent of our colleagues and the depth of our capabilities all powered by our culture of continuous improvement Thermo Fisher is uniquely qualified to positively impact the global community.

Every day, our colleagues are motivated knowing we are contributing to a more sustainable world for future generations.

For us, this starts with our Mission and how it inspires the way we run our business.

Our strategic framework, comprised of our key pillars, enables us to effectively prioritize and successfully manage the ESG issues fundamental to our business and central to building a sustainable future.

To advance our approach and report on our progress, we consider internationally recognized standards, guidelines and reference frameworks.

We believe strong corporate governance is important to ensure that Thermo Fisher is managed for the long term benefit of our shareholders and other stakeholders.

Our success requires a robust and flexible corporate governance framework to support the Board of Directors (Board) in conducting its duties.

The Board applies a continuous process customers, deliver strong returns for our to oversight and monitoring, assessing shareholders, make a difference in our communities and reduce our impact on the environment.

Key responsibilities include oversight of strategy, oversight of risk and succession planning.

The Board actively manages composition and refreshment with the aim of achieving a value creating and balanced mix of skills, experience, perspective, tenure and background.

The importance of diversity within Board refreshment is evidenced by recent additions that increase the directors who are women, racially and ethnically diverse, born outside the US and current or former CEOs.

Our current goal is for 30% of our Board to be gender diverse by our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders.

Annual director elections Majority voting for election of directors Board oversight of CSR and ESG Active and robust shareholder engagement.

Declassified Board of Directors Shareholder right to call special meetings Proxy access by shareholders Shareholder right to act by written consent.

Thermo Fisher recognizes the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers and colleagues.

Officer whose team is responsible for leading Company wide information security strategy, policy, standards, architecture and processes.

At Thermo Fisher, we embed our ESG priorities within our operations to drive ownership and progress toward our commitments.

Minority , women and veteran owned business enterprises (MWVBEs) have long been underrepresented in the financial services industry, hindering innovation and overlooking more than 1 trillion in US gross finance organization implemented business domestic product (GDP) potential alone.

Diverse partners our program is in line with current best practices.

Committee, ensuring we have the policies and processes in place to manage evolving threats.

Chief Information Officer on, among other things, the Company’s cyber risks and threats, the status of projects to strengthen our information security systems, assessments of our security program and the emerging threat landscape.

Over the course of the year, we continued to grow the network of minority , women and veteran owned banking partners supporting our corporate financial plan.

By enlisting these firms in elevated roles and on repeat issuances, we advanced our capital raising strategies while driving equity and economic opportunity for them.

Impact investments in minority serving financial institutions help empower historically disenfranchised communities.

Leveraging the market for both financial and social returns, in 2021, we committed impact investments totaling 25 million to address racial disparities in health, wealth and opportunity.

Development Fund increased financing to Black led financial institutions, anchor institutions and businesses.

Hope Credit Union’s Transformational in our underwriting syndicate.

Included in the latter was our first sustainability bond issuance.

With their diverse expertise, perspectives and networks, these five institutions helped maximize investor demand for our offering, which raised 550 million toward increasing access to healthcare, vaccines and medicines building sustainable equity and inclusion enabling eco friendly scientific discovery and protecting and preserving the environment.

By partnering with MWVBEs, we achieve our financial goals while advancing social justice and economic inclusion.

When we serve as an active co manager of a large and important transaction like Thermo Fisher’s, we accelerate our mission to create and enhance the opportunity set for women in finance and the community.

Our success allows us to increase investments in maternal health, financial literacy and girls’ empowerment programs.

Supporting areas underserved by the banking system, we are helping to strengthen Black owned businesses, Black entrepreneurs and Black communities in the US.

Financing Framework and, in November, launched a 550 million sustainability bond, which was among the first to be issued by a life sciences company.

Within the underwriting syndicate for this inaugural offering, co managers of the transaction included Black , Hispanic , veteran and women owned firms.

Our Sustainable Financing Framework advances initiatives that are fundamental to our business and deliver the most positive social and environmental impacts.

The mixed use inclusion throughout our business, Thermo Fisher commercial development project is being led by a has engaged in impact investing to advance equity local, Black owned real estate services firm that, through our financial practices.

The project has sparked significant local partnerships and engaged minority owned contractors and subcontractors.

Confirmed tenants include a government agency as the anchor and national companies, job training programs, retailers and neighborhood amenities that will accelerate the revitalization of this historic community.

The multiplier effect of impact investing allows our Company to drive sustainable and inclusive growth.

These types of projects Thermo Fisher has invested in set off a chain of events first by growing businesses that have diverse head counts, next by indirectly supporting diverse subcontractors and finally by benefiting underserved communities.

Association, promote the integrity of the sustainable financing market.

The linkage between each eligible project category and the relevant UN SDGs is outlined throughout our framework.

As part of our commitment to post issuance transparency, Thermo Fisher intends to measure and publicly report on the allocation of net proceeds and the societal and environmental impacts resulting from any sustainable finance instrument.

COVID 19 pandemic response or D I efforts across our workforce, business relationships and business practices.

At Thermo Fisher, integrity is fundamental to all aspects of our business.

As our customers advance life changing science, they rely on the depth of our capabilities and trust in the rigor of our ethical practices.

Our unwavering commitment to the highest ethical, quality and safety standards allows us to meet customer demand with speed and at scale.

To enable our customers’ success in an increasingly competitive global environment, we leverage our Practical Process Improvement (PPI) Business System which optimizes processes, solves challenges and reduces inefficiencies.

Activated by our colleagues, PPI ensures we work smarter for and deliver greater value to our customers.

It drives productivity and improves product and service quality to strengthen customer allegiance.

Worldwide, Thermo Fisher takes measures to ensure strong global citizenship practices both internally and across our business relationships.

We are committed to conducting our business ethically and in full compliance with our internal systems and the laws of the countries in which we operate.

Integrity is one of Thermo Fisher’s 4i Values, reminding us to honor our commitments, communicate openly and demonstrate the highest ethical standards.

We require our colleagues to uphold these practices and comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the conduct of our business.

The foundation of our compliance program is our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which covers a broad range of topics, including, but not limited to, policies related to conflicts of interest, honest and ethical fair dealing, human rights, insider trading, export control awareness, health and safety, privacy matters, and sexual harassment.

We train, empower and rely on our colleagues to maintain the highest levels of integrity in our operations.

That is why all directors, officers and colleagues of the Company must annually certify that they have reviewed and are in compliance with this code.

In addition, all colleagues receive annual training on specific code elements to ensure they have a thorough understanding of the ethics and compliance expectations at Thermo Fisher.

Several reporting mechanisms are readily available if a colleague ever has concerns that our policies or expectations are not being upheld.

Colleagues are encouraged to report any issues to the Human Resources or Legal departments or through our Ethics Hotline.

The Ethics Hotline staff, in conjunction with our Legal department, review and investigate reports and take appropriate action.

All concerns and complaints related to accounting or auditing are also forwarded to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

For more information on how colleagues are encouraged to and protected when they report issues on ethics and compliance, please refer to our CSR webpage.

Regular ethics, compliance and culture communications that leverage engaging technology tools help us drive colleague learning, dialogue and vigilance.

This year’s annual Compliance and Ethics Week featured a wide range of topics, including data privacy, healthcare compliance, government contracts, anti bribery and anti corruption, and global trade compliance.

The learning experience also included a new podcast playlist and, through friendly competition, colleagues tested their knowledge with interactive games.

In addition to fostering awareness and understanding, we evaluate the extent to which our colleagues feel empowered and supported to raise concerns.

Our annual Employee Involvement Survey (EIS) is an important listening tool that provides insights to further shape our culture of integrity.

Read more about our EIS in the Colleagues section of this report.

As the world leader in serving science, Thermo Fisher plays a critical role in promoting discovery and advancing scientific boundaries, enabling our customers to do important work each day.

As science continues to evolve at an unprecedented pace, we also serve as a responsible steward of our technologies and their benefits to society.

Our Company wide bioethics framework and policy are monitored and managed by Thermo Fisher’s Bioethics Committee, which is comprised of a cross functional executive leadership team, including our Chief Scientific Officer.

Through our clinical research business, we accelerate innovation and help our customers deliver life changing therapies.

In the US, our safeguards are governed by the Code of Federal Regulations as mandated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

Additionally, our corporate commitment to data privacy, which applies to customers and colleagues, also protects trial participant information.

With integrity and excellence, we are supporting vital research that accelerates promising medicines from early stage development to market access.

For years, there has been a demonstrated industry, scientific, regulatory and societal need to increase the inclusion of historically underrepresented patient populations in clinical trials.

This is critical to ensuring medicines are tested in populations that will ultimately use them.

It also broadens access to innovative investigational therapies for patients within specific therapeutic or disease areas.

Our clinical research business has focused on helping customers meet expanding and changing regulatory requirements.

This includes engaging representative, diverse demographic sub groups in their clinical research studies through innovative patient focused strategies.

At a critical point during Moderna’s COVID 19 vaccine trials, we took steps to partner with them and create a more balanced participant base.

Moderna chose to slow its enrollment timeline to ensure appropriate inclusion of diverse communities that, early in the pandemic, were found to be disproportionately impacted by COVID 19.

Thanks to the Moderna and PPD clinical research team, we were able to obtain a more inclusive diverse patient population for our trial.

This was a vital step toward earning regulatory approval for the vaccine in order to help protect patients and save millions of lives.

Our customers depend on our products and services to consistently meet their expectations, and delivering exceptional quality is vital to our long term success.

Given our global footprint and the varied regulatory requirements in the countries where we operate, our Company wide Quality Policy ensures that our entire organization is focused on quality.

The policy reinforces our commitment to continuous improvement and four key stakeholders: customers, colleagues, regulatory authorities, and of course, our Company.

Given the diversity of businesses across Thermo Fisher, our sites hold different certifications.

Worldwide, 93% of our sites adhere to cGMP5 and or are certified to ISO 9001, ISO 13485 standards.

Some sites, where applicable, additionally hold ISO 17025 certifications.

All sites maintain appropriate certifications and registrations required by the regulators of the markets in which we sell our products.

For an updated list of certified sites and accompanying standard certifications, please visit our CSR webpage.

Policies, standard operating procedures and work instructions are managed through a selection of easily accessible platforms.

For third party audits or external audits, we demonstrate our training programs as part of the local compliance process.

In addition to mandatory site and job specific training, we introduce and inform all new colleagues of our quality management system through our Introduction to Quality onboarding learning module, which outlines our quality management systems.

In 2021, we introduced a new colleague education campaign to help reinforce our culture of quality.

Making Quality Personal centers on the shared responsibility of every colleague to take personal ownership of quality and regulatory compliance.

The program helps colleagues draw a connection between their work, our customers and end users, and the ultimate success of the Company.

Making Quality Personal is an interactive, facilitator led learning opportunity.

During the course, colleagues are guided through four modules showcasing the latest tools and techniques for making quality part of their daily work.

Our EHS MS Policy in brief the environment and the health and safety of our colleagues, customers and the communities in which we operate.

Policy, and we implement a variety of robust systems and programs to ensure we meet its intent and expectations.

All colleagues and business leaders are responsible for ensuring we adhere to this policy and maintain a safety first mentality.

Policy using a continuous improvement maintained for each element, visit our approach.

Our auditors evaluate site operations for compliance and improve business continuity planning trends include: at the facility.

Supervisor safety training platforms investments and emergency planning.

Robust root cause analysis with applicable corrective and preventive actions.

Colleague safety and safety laws, regulations and other related standards we may adopt and endorse.

This provides a dual layer oversight system to objectively assess EHS risk at a site level.

Our EHS professionals are vital to our Company’s success, helping us achieve our business goals by enabling productivity and quality improvements, ensuring stewardship of our colleagues and the environment and creating a strong culture of involvement.

EHS operation model that consists of a network of EHS professionals at the corporate, regional and site levels who work together to ensure compliance and drive continuous improvement.

This group of EHS subject matter to review closure evidence before formally experts spans a complex global closing out findings.

Our PPI Business System combined with prevention audits.

Our downward incident hurricanes, floods, wildfires, earthquakes trends can be attributed to our strong and tornados.

Our Supplier Diversity Program aims to proactively promote a procurement process that is more inclusive and representative of our customer base, our colleagues and the communities where we operate.

Through it, we provide small and diverse businesses our plans.

To maintain the integrity of our program, we only account for spending with diverse and small suppliers certified through a third party or registered with the Small Business Administration (SBA).

This program supplier diversity program, we help create supports the development and success the conditions that stimulate favorable of diverse suppliers in the marketplace economic and social outcomes for through skill matching with mentoring small and traditionally underrepresented companies.

We establish strong annual cycle and requires a full year relationships with advocacy partners and commitment from both the mentee and certifying bodies that promote diverse and the mentoring organization.

During our small business suppliers and participate first round of mentorship, we provided in various events and conferences to a diverse business owner with business increase the opportunity for matchmaking.

Our Supplier Diversity Program is currently to the pharmaceutical industry.

Responsible sourcing operations in a manner consistent with sustainable and socially responsible business practices and policies.

While recognizing differences in laws and customs around the world, we believe shared values are the cornerstone of expand to additional locations over time.

Thermo Fisher has a large, complex supplier relationships.

Therefore, we expect to the mentee throughout the year.

Thermo Fisher and offers colleagues the expectations.

We also developed and opportunity to contribute in a meaningful completed mandatory internal training for way through knowledge and skill sharing.

For the greatest be fully compliant with our Supplier Code impact, we engage most deeply with of Conduct.

Our supplier contracts state roughly 2,300 suppliers who represent that we reserve the right to audit suppliers over 80% of our spend.

We are also on all elements of this code and terminate committed to employing proper global a business relationship if it is determined citizenship practices in all of our business that a supplier is in violation and cannot our procurement and sourcing specialists in the US.

To learn more about supplier diversity at relationships.

As such, we expect all demonstrate sufficient improvement.

Our Supply Chain Risk Management emissions are generated in our upstream program is utilized to map, monitor and supply chain activities.

To address these lower our supply chain risk based on emissions, we are engaging with suppliers a variety of internal and external risk and transportation carriers to set their factors, including environmental, social own science based targets and report and governance risks in the regions where on progress.

We recognize that a united voice from top companies to their supply chains will incentivize participation from our partners and encourage investment in reporting, target setting and emissions reduction.

We use the globally recognized EcoVadis platform to assess and help accelerate improvements in our suppliers’ performance in practices affecting the environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement, and to monitor compliance with our Supplier Code of Conduct.

Thermo Fisher to deploy a corrective action plan and are reassessed annually until appropriate performance can be demonstrated.

At Thermo Fisher, we are committed to creating a workforce reflecting the rich cultural, ethnic and experiential diversity of the world around us.

Company that thrives on innovation, we understand that embracing diverse perspectives and experiences promotes creative problem solving and empowers our colleagues to contribute unique ideas that positively impact and inspire our customers and each other.

They bring remarkable talent and dedication to their work each day, and the past two years have been no different.

Throughout the pandemic, the commitment of our colleagues has allowed Thermo Fisher to continue to meet customer needs and accelerate our Company’s growth.

Our success would not have been possible without every colleague’s contributions to making a positive impact on the world.

To acknowledge this, we have invested more than 1 billion in special Pandemic Response Recognition Payments throughout 2020 and 2021.

Excluding our most senior leaders, all colleagues were issued cash awards in March, July and October 2021 with amounts based on a percentage of base pay.

Additionally, colleagues at certain organizational levels were granted a stock option award.

We are so thankful for our incredible global team.

The special recognition payments we provided to our colleagues are an acknowledgment of the extraordinary role they have played in enabling our customers and driving Company performance throughout the pandemic.

The success they helped us achieve made it possible for us to make additional investments in our colleagues, celebrating their unwavering commitment to delivering on our Mission during an unprecedented time.

Our success as a Company is directly connected to our ability to attract and retain the best and brightest talent, welcoming them to a work environment where colleague differences are celebrated and supported.

By actively fostering an inclusive workplace culture, our colleagues feel they belong, which empowers them to contribute, collaborate and innovate.

To continue solving the world’s greatest challenges, we must reflect the diversity of our communities, customers and suppliers.

In striving to elevate the voices of all colleagues, we are also committed to facilitating access to the resources, programs and internal Company networks that will nurture their individual success.

Our diversity inclusion (D I) strategy is embedded in every stage of the colleague experience from recruiting and hiring to training, development and long term career and succession planning.

The strategic framework that guides our progress fosters an inclusive organizational culture, reinforces our infrastructure to ensure equitable practices and activates personal accountability for all to contribute to our success.

Our five year D I strategic plan has served as our roadmap and guided our progress since 2017.

Over this time, we have continued to strengthen our culture of inclusion, embracing diversity as an essential aspect of fulfilling our Mission.

Globally, we have increased the representation of women in executive management roles by 7.2% from 2017 to 2021.

Additional details on our D I and talent indicators can be found in the Data summary.

Nearly 10 years ago, we launched our first resource group for colleagues.

African heritage All generations Asian and Pacific Islander heritage Individuals with disabilities Latino Hispanic heritage LGBTQ people Veterans and military families Working parents and caregivers Women.

BRGs play a critical role in building a culture that encourages and embraces differences and contributes to the Company’s long term success.

By fostering inclusion and belonging, building allyship, and supporting the career growth of colleagues, our BRGs collaborate with the global D I team to deliver on our business objectives and strategic imperatives.

Members of our Company leadership team serve as executive sponsors for BRGs to build allyship and understanding while also maximizing the success and impact of these groups.

Our 242 local BRG chapters then activate and embed this work deep within our organization and our local communities.

Thermo Fisher’s 4i Values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement are the foundation of our culture and fundamental to our continued growth.

They guide our colleagues’ interactions with customers, suppliers, partners and each other.

Our Involvement focus drives engagement, embraces unique perspectives and facilitates connections that enable colleagues to work as one global team in an environment where all are treated with dignity and respect.

While feedback from our colleagues is our key measure of success, we are proud of the external recognition Thermo Fisher has received as a leader in our industry and an employer that prioritizes our people and our culture.

In 2021, we were among those in Forbes’ inaugural ranking of the World’s Top Female Friendly Companies.

At Thermo Fisher, inclusion, empowerment, trust and continuous improvement of the colleague experience are the keys to building belonging.

In September 2021, we hosted our inaugural Belonging Week with the theme We Belong Together.

The focus of the five day event was to foster a shared sense of identity, purpose, values and interdependence among colleagues.

When colleagues feel a deep connection to the Company and their team, they can experience individual success and career fulfillment.

To ensure universal accessibility, we have made the EIS mobile friendly and available in 23 language offerings.

We saw strong and increased participation in our 2021 EIS, with 86% of our colleagues completing the survey an increase of two percentage points from the prior year.

We also received more than 120,000 written comments.

When colleagues take the time to provide this deeper feedback, it demonstrates they feel their opinions are truly valued.

And with their detailed input, Thermo Fisher can be more nuanced and purposeful in how we continuously improve.

For more information, including policies on Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining Agreements, please refer to our Global Equal Employment Opportunity and Human Rights Policy.

We take pride in our award winning culture and work to continuously improve it.

As a critical input to that process, we greatly value mutual transparency and feedback from our colleagues, which we track and quantify through our annual Employee Involvement Survey (EIS).

Over the last few years, our colleagues have managed unprecedented challenges, both professionally and personally.

To help them live full and healthy lives, we offer a comprehensive total rewards package.

Health and happiness Finances and the future Advancement and recognition Balance and time away.

Globally, we offer Thermo Fisher colleagues and their families participation in our Employee Assistance Program (EAP).

The EAP provides confidential assistance for a wide range of personal and work related issues, including stress management, financial or legal concerns, and home life referrals.

Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is available in more than 20 countries.

We offer regular, full time and part time colleagues, including interns, the opportunity to purchase Company stock at a discount.

Additionally, to further support personal and professional development, we provide tuition reimbursement to colleagues in the US, Canada and Puerto Rico.

For more information on these and similar offerings, please refer to the benefits and total rewards section of our website.

To learn more about our culture of safety, please visit the Environment, health safety section of this report.

We further promote a culture of trust through our commitment to transparency.

Company goals, expectations and policies provide clear and consistent guidance that informs how we value and treat our colleagues and how they should engage with one another.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is supported by our 4i Values and reinforces our commitment to ethical business practices, including providing equal employment opportunities.

This code expresses our belief that colleagues should be treated fairly and evaluated on their contributions, not on any personal attribute or characteristic.

The talent and extraordinary skillsets of our colleagues drive our business forward.

We want all colleagues to achieve their career goals and aspirations, and we encourage them by investing in development at all career stages from interns and early career professionals to managers and executive leaders.

We remain committed to developing and managing our diverse global workforce by continuously scaling our talent pipeline, enhancing our colleagues’ skills and knowledge and providing the mentorship and resources colleagues need to thrive at Thermo Fisher.

Our goal is simple to improve our talent development process by creating positive candidate and colleague experiences through the complete talent life cycle.

When we offer candidates the opportunity to join Thermo Fisher, we are providing them with an opportunity to realize their best personally and professionally.

This year, more than 30,000 new colleagues13 joined us in making a meaningful impact on society.

The Talent Acquisition team plays a critical role in ensuring we attract, hire and engage with candidates who share our values and have diverse backgrounds and unique skillsets that will enable our customers to solve some of the world’s most pressing challenges.

In 2021, talent attraction and acquisition played a pivotal role in supporting our Mission.

The team deployed technology and automation to meet hiring business objectives and drive awareness and engagement with our global opportunities.

Our global career site and other communications channels, available in eight languages, allow us to personalize and localize our outreach and communications.

We understand that some of the best and brightest minds are just at the beginning of their careers, which is why we invest in meaningful early talent attraction and acquisition programs and create working opportunities for students who will become the next generation of scientists, engineers, functional business leaders and general managers.

Each year, we hire over 500 colleagues in the early stages of their careers for our best in class programs, which include dynamic opportunities for high school and collegiate internships, co op programs, apprenticeships, leadership development programs in nine functional areas and various full time roles.

Our global university relations strategy leverages a diverse network of post secondary partners from which we proactively recruit and hire undergraduate and graduate students.

We use a localized approach for our early talent hiring strategy to meet the needs of our business.

There are 17 signature partnership schools within our network, including six HBCUs, prioritized for robust engagement based on geography, commercial partnerships, diversity, talent profiles and alumni relations.

Together with these institutions, we have curated memorable student experiences, sponsored special events, hosted unique speaker series and established campus ambassador programs.

We are committed to expanding our reach to underrepresented students by offering virtual sessions for Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSI) and Minority Serving Institutions (MSI) to introduce students to our opportunities and connect them to our managers.

Thermo Fisher actively evolves our onboarding approach as we strive to continuously elevate each new colleague’s experience.

The New Colleague Onboarding program is designed to create a sense of belonging, instill both confidence and competence in our new colleagues as they move into their new roles, and align them with our Mission.

This begins with a series of easy to navigate tasks and checklists during our candidate pre hire experience that seamlessly transition into an interactive and engaging onboarding journey spanning their first 90 days.

Managers are critical to this new colleague experience and are supported with a series of resources and action items, including the development of customized 90 day onboarding plans and an automated process for assigning new colleague ambassadors, which help create a sense of belonging from day one.

By equipping our new colleagues with the tools they need to be successful in their roles and connecting them to our values and Mission, we create the environment for them to begin building their Thermo Fisher careers.

This dynamic series supports a phased learning approach with early content modules of the learning journey covering Thermo Fisher’s cultural fabric, codes and policies, and expanded business capabilities.

Over time content has been expanded to include customer experience, our PPI Business System, long term growth, our CSR strategy and beyond.

Instilling confidence while enhancing knowledge and collaboration.

In December 2021, Thermo Fisher welcomed 30,000 new colleagues through our acquisition of PPD, Inc., forming our Clinical Research business.

These new team members bring unique experiences and perspectives to the Thermo Fisher family, as well as a passion for serving.

Our inclusive culture values the power of diverse talent, backgrounds and experiences.

We embrace the unique qualities of each of our colleagues, providing them with the freedom and support to enable cutting edge thinking that results in successful business outcomes for our customers.

To ensure we are attracting talent from diverse candidate pools, we have a dedicated team that specializes in diverse recruiting, verifying that our job advertising is inclusive and removes unconscious bias.

We also partner with organizations that represent various heritage and identity groups to streamline our recruiting strategy.

Our partners include renowned organizations such as the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), for which Thermo Fisher is a Board of Corporate Affiliates (BCA) partner the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) the Society of Hispanic Engineers (SHPE) Out in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (oSTEM) and the National Black MBA Association (NBMBAA) at the national and local levels.

Our talent acquisition leaders ensure we focus on building deeper relationships with diversity focused organizations to foster understanding and sustained relationships that maximize results over time.

In recruiting top talent from underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, we actively target a broad range of experience levels, including recent graduates, mid level managers and senior executives.

Once onboarded, our new colleagues are supported by resources and networks that ensure they are set up for long term success.

At Thermo Fisher, we are committed to the ongoing development of our colleagues.

We provide on the job growth opportunities, facilitated development through mentorship and collaboration, and formal development through established programs and learning resources.

Regardless of role, level, location or position in the organization.

Learning happens as part of daily interactions, particularly when engaging in new opportunities or managing challenges.

Colleagues have different development needs and learning styles.

To meet these, we provide development and skill building through personalized content and varied delivery mechanisms, including our artificial intelligence (AI) driven Learner Experience Platform (LxP).

Thermo Fisher embraces a culture of ongoing learning by providing multiple learning opportunities for colleagues.

This includes formal training programs, self paced learning resources and opportunities to learn through experiences, such as deliberate job rotations, interacting with others, access to coaches and mentors, and receiving continuous feedback.

Every colleague has access to learning opportunities, and the responsibility for their development is a partnership between the colleague, the manager and their HR partner.

Colleagues have different development needs and learning styles.

To meet these, we provide development and skill building through personalized content and varied delivery mechanisms, including our LxP driven by AI.

Our EIS is one measure of the success of our talent development strategy, and we have made improvements annually.

Over the past five years, colleague feedback indicates we have made significant strides in driving transparency, awareness, access and utilization of career development resources and opportunities.

I understand what I need to do to advance my career.

Continuous development: Our continuous Performance Management and Development cycle is a year round process during which all colleagues identify and track progress in line with their prioritized development goals.

At the start of every year, colleagues identify both short and long term development goals, and over the course of the year, they have regular meetings with their manager to review those plans.

This approach aims to engage and empower colleagues to take accountability for their career development in partnership with their manager.

The success of our collaborative model is evidenced by EIS insights that show colleagues’ understanding of how to advance their careers significantly improved over five years, from 64% in 2017 to 71% in 2021.

Intensity is one of our 4i Values, characterized by the determination our colleagues apply to delivering results and their passion to excel.

With colleagues at all levels so driven to achieve, it’s our responsibility to invest in their potential, so they can grow with us.

Careers in Motion: Fundamental to our learning and development strategy is our Careers in Motion program our commitment to all colleagues that development and career pathways are open to everyone.

Our Careers in Motion hub is an online destination that provides a wide range of resources for understanding the importance of development and career planning.

The tools and resources we feature are designed to help colleagues build a comprehensive development roadmap as part of their career journey.

Communication cascade: To facilitate awareness and access to our various offerings, Thermo Fisher communicates our learning and development opportunities through regular people manager broadcast calls, broad HR communication mechanisms, Yammer communities, and direct emails to colleagues.

While we encourage colleagues at every level of the organization to participate, these messages are also, importantly, reinforced with colleagues at a local level by their manager or supervisor as well as their HR partner.

A robust new learning technology, powered by AI, was launched in 2021 and delivered a tenfold increase in quality development resources available to colleagues.

This content surge is balanced by a streamlined user experience that simplifies the process of accessing and organizing the material.

Fisher University Plus (TFU ) is an LxP that acts as a single front door to learning.

University, intranet learning hubs and third party educational content.

Academy, Big Think, CIO, Forbes and Harvard Business Review.

In 2020, our learning platforms provided nearly 750 unique professional, management and leadership development resources.

Within TFU , colleagues set their own learning goals.

From there, the user centric interface leverages AI technology to curate a personalized content experience with recommendations tailored to the learner.

TFU will continuously improve and refine its recommendations to suit the specific learner.

TFU also provides a social and collaborative learning environment that enables colleagues to engage in peer to peer interactions and knowledge sharing.

Following beta testing, over 15,500 managers have continued to regularly use TFU in support of their individual learning goals and career development.

They report finding the platform intuitive and engaging with content that is relevant to their learning and career development goals.

One’s ability and willingness to continuously learn is the foundation for leading with the greatest impact.

Between our award winning training programs and our newly accessible TFU resources, our managers can access the learning they need when they need it.

Management development programs support people managers at various experience milestones, including those who aspire to manage others.

Pipeline development programs prepare leaders to take on critical roles in 12 to 18 months with customized leadership and business specific development from internal executives.

Mentorship and reverse mentorship support colleague development journeys at all career stages.

Stretch assignments provide unique opportunities that help colleagues gain valuable experiences and close skill gaps to support their career pathway.

Executive coaching is provided through a structured program with access to a range of psychometric assessment and development tools.

Aspiring Manager Training is designed for individuals contemplating managing others as part of their career aspirations.

Management Essentials is designed for new people managers to build basic management skills (targeted to those with less than 12 months of management experience).

Developing Frontline Leaders is designed for people managers typically with two or more years of management experience to develop their ability to successfully coach others.

Developing Emerging Leaders is an award winning program15 that enables Thermo Fisher colleagues to strengthen their leadership brand and build connections across the Company.

Role of the Leader is designed to increase the capabilities of directors in the areas of personal agility, team effectiveness and business and financial acumen.

Role of the Leader is a set of enhanced modules focused on key leadership topics delivered, in part, by executives from our Company leadership team, including a course led by our Chairman, President and CEO.

We fuel our growth strategy with integrated, differentiated talent solutions that promote a diverse workforce and elevate the colleague experience across the talent life cycle.

Our talent management strategy is anchored by our core performance and succession planning processes, which are complemented by deliberate job rotations as well as formal and informal development opportunities.

Our Human Resources Review processes include our talent management team meeting twice yearly with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Operating Officer (COO), Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), Vice President of Global Talent and additional business and functional leaders to discuss every executive in the Company, along with their respective succession and talent pipelines.

Additionally, our management teams hold monthly calls with the COO, Executive Vice President (EVP) and CHRO to discuss the progress of our talent strategy and where to focus our efforts as we continue to grow.

In 2021, a talent management pilot program uncovered critical learnings for succession planning approaches and delivered measurable results in building diverse pipelines for Mission critical roles.

Designed and implemented by a cross functional team of Thermo Fisher talent experts, business partners and PPI Business System leaders, Unveiling Veiled Talent invited 300 colleagues to opt in to any of 14 General Manager (GM) roles within a single business unit in North America.

The pilot directed participating colleagues to complete specific career development actions that would help them define and achieve success aligned with the goal of becoming a GM.

The development tasks and tools increased career path visibility and clearly defined success for those in the program.

Unveiling Veiled Talent yielded positive results and key insights.

Valuable succession dialogue was generated through robust attendance at the program launch, transparent career discussions, standing office hours and a closeout session.

After a rigorous review and vetting process, one in five colleagues who opted in were added to succession plans for the GM role across multiple Thermo Fisher locations.

Not only did the pilot confirm the richness of our talent, but it also helped us discover veiled talent deeper in the organization.

In fact, 80% of colleagues who opted in and were added to GM succession slates were women or racially and ethnically diverse people.

Unveiling Veiled Talent empowered colleagues and gave them a louder voice in determining their career paths.

For participants who had already been slated for future GM roles, this process helped to accelerate their trajectories.

In other cases, the program elevated and developed colleagues who had never considered the GM path possible.

At Thermo Fisher, our commitment to supporting the global community is a priority reflected in our Company level goals.

Our approach is two pronged: leveraging the aspects of our business that uniquely position us to make a positive impact on society and embracing the passion of our colleagues to connect to the local communities where we live and work.

Encouraging and inspiring students in the primary and secondary grade levels to engage in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) activities is a core element of our community impact strategy.

Our internally developed signature STEM education programs engage students by connecting them to our colleagues.

Through our Foundation for Science, we establish strategic partnerships with nonprofit organizations that enable us to scale our support of student populations historically underrepresented in the life sciences.

As an industry leader, we believe it is our responsibility to help young people make the connection to science, ensuring a continued interest in STEM subjects and careers for future generations.

We recognize that there is a specific window of time when children are open and curious about the world around them.

For this reason, our signature programs focus on generating excitement around STEM subjects for primary and secondary learners.

Students are provided the opportunity to interact directly with our colleagues through hands on and team based activities that highlight our technologies, make connections to careers in STEM and demonstrate how our Company influences the world.

Our signature STEM programs Innovation Nation, STEM Design Challenge, STEMcredible Kits and Career Connections are available to our colleagues to implement in their local communities.

Although traditional in person events were limited due to the pandemic, our colleagues continued to adapt our programs and pursue opportunities to safely engage and inspire students, increasing our impact through STEM over the prior year.

For more information regarding our STEM education programs, visit our CSR webpage.

Our partners help us deliver on our commitment to inspire a new generation of innovators through STEM education involvement.

We work with nonprofit organizations to deliver top tier STEM programming through a range of partnership models, from mobile learning to innovation labs.

These efforts support students and provide colleagues with rewarding volunteer opportunities.

In 2020, the Boys Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) launched a digital version of the DIY STEM program on its MyFuture website, which features activity and video content showcasing Thermo Fisher technologies and careers.

Through this safe, fun, mobile friendly social platform, all 4,700 BGCA youth clubs worldwide have access to more than 150 BGCA activities and can explore the possibilities of a future in STEM.

Since the migration of DIY STEM on MyFuture, Thermo Fisher’s direct impact has exceeded 15,000 completed activities.

We expanded our BGCA partnership in 2021 to create a professional development Learning Pathways program for club staff to focus on and build their STEM education skills and habits, fostering stronger STEM programming delivery to club youth.

Additional Thermo Fisher funding provided grants and materials to support local clubs with STEM education programming, as well as a series of national virtual engagements where any club can tune into a live hands on activity demonstration and youth are given the opportunity to ask questions and hear from Thermo Fisher experts.

Beginning in 2021, Thermo Fisher collaborated with the China Women’s Development Foundation to launch our Female Scientists Program, Her Science, which aims to create an enabling environment that supports the development and innovation of Chinese female scientists.

The program was created to unleash the untapped potential of female scientists and encourage them to advance their careers in pursuit of higher achievements in STEM fields.

In addition to Karen Nelson, our Chief Scientific Officer, four outstanding female scientists who are also our customers helped launch the campaign.

Each of these leaders represented a different research discipline and shared the story of their remarkable journey to finding success and fulfillment in a STEM field.

The campaign launch was a success, with high engagement across multiple platforms.

Going forward, the Female Scientists Program will be hosted at four universities around China to hold conferences and engage with students on the importance of STEM education.

Demand for STEM talent is growing at a remarkable pace, while access to high quality STEM education lags.

Day, we celebrate and advance STEM education with colleague volunteerism that engages budding scientists in hands on experiments.

Lenexa, Kansas and creating batteries out of produce in Bleiswijk, Netherlands students were exposed to a diverse range of scientific disciplines and technologies that span our business.

These students start off as kids doing a fun activity, which could potentially pique their interest and lead them into a STEM career.

Our strategy for community involvement maximizes our global impact through engagement at the local level.

This is how we create the most meaningful impact with our nonprofit partners.

We foster volunteer led Community Action Councils (CACs) at our sites around the world, resourcing and mobilizing our colleagues to connect directly with their local communities.

This provides rewarding leadership and volunteer opportunities for our colleagues that also deliver Mission aligned impact and philanthropic support in the communities where they live and work.

Our largest annual volunteer initiative is Get Involved Day, a day of service encouraging colleagues across the globe to give back to their communities with up to eight hours of Company sponsored volunteer time off.

Activities are coordinated locally and often include STEM education events.

This year’s campaign centered on the theme of environmental stewardship to reinforce the Company’s ambitious commitments to reducing our carbon footprint.

In addition to participating in locally developed events and joining a global litter clean up project, our teams worldwide also deployed a newly designed, climate themed DIY STEM education activity to primary school students.

This program engages and inspires youth to reduce their impact on the environment.

With quarantine and social distancing measures broadly in place, the global launch of our charity fitness challenge promoted wellness, work life balance, connection and virtual collaboration to unite colleagues in a friendly competition that benefitted our communities.

Make a Difference was a two week campaign during which colleagues tracked walking, running and cycling distances to receive donation dollars toward charitable organizations.

Participation spanned every continent where we have colleagues.

Thermo Fisher’s ability to cost effectively meet urgent COVID 19 testing needs catapulted us into the global health spotlight.

In 2021, we became one of the largest suppliers of qPCR COVID 19 diagnostics to low and middle income countries (LMICs).

We’ve served over 150 LMIC based laboratories worldwide.

We also worked alongside global health partners, including the World Health Organization, Clinton Health Access Initiative, United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) and the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, to aid target countries in their pandemic response.

We extended the original warranty on 362 diagnostic instruments purchased through our Global Health Equity (GHE) channel from March 2020 to March 2021 for an additional 12 months at no charge.

What initially started as our emergency pandemic response effort in developing countries evolved into the establishment of a Company strategy and GHE business in 2021.

This group provides holistic solutions targeted specifically to customers in LMICs to enable the public health response to the pandemic and provide the opportunity to strengthen infrastructure to better manage ongoing public health concerns related to endemic infectious diseases in these countries.

Over the past year, we developed our internal infrastructure and processes, establishing a global team in the functions of product management, global support services, marketing, business development, sales and commercial, and legal and regulatory to effectively meet diagnostic needs beyond COVID 19 in these markets.

During the second major COVID 19 wave in India, we partnered with UNICEF and the Government of India to scale in country capacity.

We successfully installed 97 Thermo Scientific KingFisher Flex instruments for nucleic acid, protein and cell purification.

Overcoming strict travel restrictions and resource limitations, our efforts enabled customers to immediately begin testing in remote areas of the country to better manage the surge.

This collaboration was supplemented with a humanitarian response that supported nongovernmental organizations responding on the front lines.

To read about this relief effort, please visit the feature story Responding to COVID 19 in India.

To effectively utilize critical donations, receiving entities must have the appropriate capabilities and infrastructure.

At Thermo Fisher, we mobilize quickly when needed to support technical upskilling and capacity building to bridge the gap and equip frontline stakeholders for immediate impact and long term success.

Thermo Fisher moved quickly to meet the emergency needs for COVID testing in LMICs, becoming one of the largest suppliers to UNICEF and other global organizations.

Thermo Fisher’s ability to supply and support labs in over 100 developing countries makes them a key partner for us in addressing public health needs.

The Just Project is our US based health equity initiative supporting Black communities disproportionately impacted by the pandemic.

Through this initiative, we provided comprehensive support to establish a robust and sustainable lab network that now allows over 60 HBCUs to provide students and faculty with free COVID 19 testing directly.

These labs, certified in line with national quality regulatory requirements, have the potential to support evolving diagnostic needs and scientific research programs well into the future.

In 2021, we extended our support of the Just Project for another school year, bringing our commitment to more than 30 million in donated diagnostic instruments, test kits and related supplies since we launched in 2020.

In 2021, the United States Agency for International Development notified us that our donation of Applied Biosystems TaqPath COVID 19 CE IVD kits to Honduras was at risk of being underutilized because many of the technicians in the country’s public laboratory network lacked access to quality training.

We stepped in to provide in person training and 24 7 remote support that ensured labs remained operational and empowered technicians to perform and transfer knowledge independently.

As a result, over 200,000 tests were performed, and this engagement has paved the way for a deeper partnership with the public laboratory network of Honduras, establishing a collaboration that will extend beyond the pandemic.

Our product donation program amplifies our STEM and GHE initiatives worldwide.

In 2021, key in kind donations were valued at 22 million and largely benefited the US and Asia Pacific region.

Through our collaboration with the Clinton Health Access Initiative, Thermo Fisher supported the in kind distribution of more than 400,000 COVID 19 test kits in Vietnam, Cambodia, Senegal and Mozambique.

In the spring of 2021, Thermo Fisher quickly responded to support our colleagues and the citizens of India as the COVID 19 virus surged throughout the country.

We took a holistic approach in supporting the local response to this unprecedented health crisis.

Our first priority was the well being of our in country colleagues.

As we addressed their needs, our facility in Bengaluru also ramped up production of a COVID 19 test we had previously launched specifically for India as part of our global health equity work.

National Institute of Public Health, Cambodia: 24,000 tests critical supplies.

A special component of our humanitarian response was our collaboration with our global colleagues.

In response to their compassion and eagerness to help, we established an internal India COVID Relief Fund through which colleagues could support vetted nonprofits responding on the frontlines.

As a Company, we amplified their generous donations with a 200% match, contributing another 250,000 to the funds raised.

To read more about our community impact strategy, please visit our CSR webpage.

At Thermo Fisher, we recognize the inextricable link between a healthy planet and healthy people.

As the world leader in serving science, we support the urgent calls for action from scientists around the world to address climate change.

Mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

We leverage our culture of continuous improvement and the 4i Values embodied by our colleagues to identify and deliver new solutions through our operations and value chain.

The world’s leading scientists have sent a clear message that urgent action is needed to avoid the worst impacts of climate change.

In 2021, we announced our commitment to becoming net zero by 2050 and joined the Business Ambition for 1.5 C campaign led by the Science Based Targets initiative.

This aligns our climate strategy and goals with the Paris Agreement, expanding on our existing 2030 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% compared to 2018.

To round out our approach, we also established a near term target for our indirect Scope 3 emissions.

Making 2021 even more transformative, we enhanced strategic investments in staffing, reevaluating and resourcing our climate program to support the design and implementation of our net zero roadmap.

As this roadmap continues to develop, we are supporting a strategic mix of emissions reduction actions that will deliver a positive impact at scale.

Energy emissions procurement of renewable electricity was transition away from fossil fuels. with new wind and solar facilities.

Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions the primary driver of these reductions.

In 2021, we achieved a 12% reduction in indicators.

As part of our strategy, we have registered critical to our near term strategy.

Energize is achieved a new record in 2021, with a unique, sector wide initiative aiming absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions compared to our 2018 baseline.

USD in revenue, down from 19 in 2020 and 27 prior to the pandemic.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions23 uncovered opportunities to eliminate over renewable electricity.

In 2021, we announced our first fossil fuel free manufacturing facility in Germering, Germany.

Operating without fossil fuels is a result of many steps we took over a period of several years.

Over the last decade, Omar and his team examined where they could leverage opportunities to make the facility more energy efficient and environmentally friendly.

To eliminate fossil fuels entirely, they used several readily available technologies to achieve their goal, including geothermal heating and cooling, heat recovery and a rooftop solar system.

Last year the electricity supply was transitioned to 100% renewables, meaning the facility now generates zero greenhouse gas emissions.

For Thermo Fisher, this achievement demonstrates that operating without fossil fuels is possible in a manufacturing setting.

The work completed by the Germering team has been shared with other facilities across the globe to further accelerate the Company’s plans to achieve net zero.

The Germering team has already set their sights on another goal.

The next steps involve making our products and logistics more environmentally sustainable, said Omar.

This includes, for example, procurement of environmentally preferable parts for manufacturing, energy efficient product transportation and recyclable products.

Customers not only want excellent products and service, they also want assurance that we, as their partner and supplier, are doing all we can to operate in an environmentally responsible manner.

Our supply chain is our largest source of emissions, representing more than 90% of the greenhouse gas emissions generated within our value chain.

With the development of a supplier engagement program for climate change, we can greatly reduce our environmental impact as a Company and sector.

In 2021, we took on a robust body of work to calculate the baseline for our Scope 3 emissions.

To encourage a similar investment in reporting and emissions reduction, we have established our first near term Scope 3 target.

For suppliers that represent 90% of our Scope 3 emissions from (1) Purchased Goods and Services and (2) Upstream Transportation and Distribution, Thermo Fisher will engage them in setting climate related, science based targets by 2027.

Based on early reporting and interactions, we were able to immediately support foundational change.

By the end of 2021, over 15% of our spend was associated with suppliers that had committed to science based targets.

To read more about the actions we are taking with our suppliers, please refer to the Operations section.

Thermo Fisher is committed to designing more than 6,000 qualifying products our products with the environment in from various brands.

We believe it should be easy to make energy efficiency.

Read more about our informed purchasing decisions.

Product choice alternatives are labeled with a green leaf symbol on thermofisher.com, and we provide detailed substantiation for all our claims.

Label program created by the nonprofit organization My Green Lab.

Transparency, the ACT label is designed to address the needs of both scientists and procurement specialists for clear, third party verified information about the environmental impact of laboratory products.

Thermo Fisher offered 470 products with an ACT label.

In 2021, we announced an expansion of our collaboration with My Green Lab to label our entire cold temperature storage portfolio with their ACT label.

Cold storage is essential to enabling scientific discovery, and Thermo Fisher’s freezers were among the first to be ENERGY STAR certified.

By adding the ACT label, we will further provide scientists and procurement specialists with clear, third party verified information about the environmental impact of laboratory products.

As of the end of 2021, more than 350 models have been labeled to support sustainable purchasing decisions.

Our customers are committed to adopting more sustainable laboratory practices.

We are proud of our efforts to support environmentally friendly lab management, in part, with a portfolio of equipment and consumables that have earned top scores across a range of environmental metrics.

Scientific Greener Choice program makes and clinical laboratories to advance it easy for customers to find lab products both innovation and their sustainability with a lower environmental impact, offering objectives.

Launched in late 2018 for cold shipments using gel packs, our 100% recyclable paper cooler was expanded in 2021 to transport select products requiring dry ice coolant.

The paper cooler replaces expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam coolers that have been the preferred external packaging for cold chain shipments for decades, despite being notoriously difficult to recycle.

The paper cooler is curbside recyclable and meets the thermal requirements necessary to uphold our stringent product quality standards.

To date, we have delivered over 1 million shipments using the paper cooler, eliminating approximately 650,000 cubic feet of EPS foam, enough to fill 24 Olympic swimming pools.

Our Mission drives our commitment to protect the and performance of our products and minimizing our planet.

We are not only delivering products that environmental impact.

Our goal is to design packaging serve the research needs of our customers, we are and transport solutions that preserve product integrity also striving to develop them in a way that minimizes while maximizing freight density and therefore using our use of natural resources and our impact on the less fuel.

The innovations highlighted below meet individual components within kits, reducing the our internal environmental criteria and are available use of dry ice and other cold shipping methods, or to customers today as part of a broader portfolio of transitioning to readily recyclable shipping materials, we offerings that have been designed, or redesigned, for are reducing our environmental impact and helping our sustainability.

Thermo Scientific TSX and TDE Series ultra low temperature freezers.

Applied Biosystems TaqMan Assays and product take back.

Thermo Scientific CellInsight CX7 LED and CX7 LZR HCS platforms.

Central to our environmental sustainability plastics into durable and highly reusable approach is waste reduction.

Fisher, we are exploring business models to maximize resource efficiency and create new solutions for our customers and our own operations.

US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) such that we prioritize source reduction followed by reuse and recycling.

We are developing new strategies to integrate this hierarchy into product design, production and end of life disposal.

At our sites, we promote zero waste, which means diverting at least 90% of nonhazardous Thermo Fisher waste from landfills and waste to energy facilities.

Instead, our teams focus on reuse, recycle, and compost disposal strategies.

Our Zero waste playbook guides sites through a process of identifying all waste streams, minimizing waste generation and improving waste disposal strategies to eliminate landfilling.

Access to water is essential to the reductions can be attributed to process well being of people and the planet.

Thermo Fisher, high quality water is vital manufacturing facilities.

We continue to to the goods and services we provide our accelerate the uncoupling of water usage customers.

Our approach consists of uncoupling and growth, and on a revenue adjusted basis, reduced water intensity by 28%. water usage from business growth.

We conducted a high use with a context based perspective to level screening of basin level water risks understand how our use relates to the across 227 Thermo Fisher sites, twelve needs of the surrounding water basin.

In 2021, our water use decreased by 13% compared to the previous year.

These high risk basin, representing 6% of our water usage.

In 2022 we will combine this screening with a criticality assessment to determine our water risk exposure and develop steps to address these risks.

At the time of publication of this report, our global team consisted of more than 125,700 colleagues.

This is the midpoint of the conservative estimate range for the population prevalence of rare diseases.

Nguengang Wakap, S., Lambert, D.M., Olry, A. et al.

Our EHS MS reflects the principles and criteria from ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 45001 and US OSHA’s Recommended Practices for Safety and Health Programs.

The lost time injury rate represents the number of lost time injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full time workers.

Lost time is defined as one or more days away from work due to a work related injury or illness.

The total recordable incident rate represents the number of recordable injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full time workers.

Recordable injuries are defined by US OSHA and include injuries resulting in one or more of the following: a fatality, lost work days, restricted work days, loss of consciousness, medical treatment beyond first aid, or a significant injury or illness diagnosis by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional.

This figure represents our direct and indirect spend with qualified diverse suppliers and small businesses in the US. It includes spend from approved commercial and individual subcontracting plans.

This figure may not match the one found in the Data summary due to rounding.

Gender and other diversity reporting are based on colleagues who voluntarily self identify.

Note A: Leadership roles include managers at all levels of our organization.

Note B: Executive management includes Vice President roles and above at all levels of our organization.

We are restating this indicator for 2020 to reflect an update in our methodology to cover all managerial roles across the organization.

For indicators covering racially and ethnically diverse people, the restatement may also reflect updates resulting from the voluntary self identification process.

This is organic growth and does not include acquisitions.

The Brandon Hall Group recognized Thermo Fisher with the Gold Excellence Award for Best Advance for Leading Under a Crisis.

The Brandon Hall Group recognized Thermo Fisher with two Gold Excellence Awards for (1) Best Advance in Leadership and (2) Senior Leadership Development.

In addition, Chief Learning Officer magazine’s LearningElite program recognized Thermo Fisher with the gold Learning in Practice Award for Excellence in Blended Learning category.

Students reached include those benefiting from a STEM related in kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

Educators reached include those benefiting from a STEM related in kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

STEM events are planned interactions between a Thermo Fisher colleague(s) and a student or group of students engaging in science, technology, engineering or math learning activities.

Contributions made to religious or political organizations are not matched by Thermo Fisher.

In kind donations include any product donations, including consumables, software or equipment.

We use fair market value to account for these donations.

This graph includes restated environmental data for the 2019 2020 reporting years due to material changes in methodology.

Each greener product category consists of multiple products within a product line all of which share the same environmentally beneficial feature(s).

To help labs reduce their environmental impact, we have designed these products to minimize the use of hazardous chemicals, minimize waste and material consumption, and or increase energy efficiency.

We continue to participate in the US EPA Energy Star program and use the ENERGY STAR symbol to make it easy for our customers to identify and purchase energy efficient products that help them save on energy costs and reduce emissions caused by inefficient energy use.

Our reduced total number of ENERGY STAR labeled products in 2021 compared to the previous year is due to the retirement of products and the consolidation of SKUs.

We are continuously working to enhance our reporting practices.

Starting with 2021, we are providing a consolidated view of select performance indicators organized around the pillars of our CSR strategy.

Many of these indicators are being included for the first time in our CSR report.

Board diversity information comes from our proxy statement, which includes data from Q1 of 2022.

Other than White and may include Asian, Black, Hispanic, Indigenous and or multiracial.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

This figure represents the average number of observations per inspection.

This rate represents the average number of observations per our internal quality management system audit process.

We define regulatory inspections as inspections conducted by any government agency.

The lost time incident rate represents the number of lost time injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full time workers.

Lost time is defined as one or more days away from work due to a work related injury or illness.

The total recordable incident rate represents the number of recordable injuries or illnesses occurring at Thermo Fisher per 100 full time workers.

Safety and Health Administration and include injuries resulting in one or more of the following: a fatality, lost work days, restricted work days, loss of consciousness, medical treatment beyond first aid, or a significant injury or illness diagnosis by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional.

This figure represents our direct and indirect spend with diverse suppliers and qualified small businesses in the US.

It includes spend from approved commercial and individual subcontracting plans.

Addressable spend includes all spend in Purchased Goods and Services, Scope 3 Category 1.

The boundary is companies listed on the Science Based Targets initiative website as of December 31, 2021.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

Our colleague population figures are reported as of December 31, 2021, based on actual headcount.

Gender and other diversity reporting is based on colleagues who voluntarily self identify.

These indicators use a trailing twelve month calculation.

Leadership roles include managers at all levels of our organization.

These indicators are only relevant to our US colleague population.

Executive management includes Vice President roles and above at all levels of our organization.

Other than White and may include Asian, Black, Hispanic, Indigenous and or multiracial.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

Contributions made to religious or political organizations are not matched by Thermo Fisher.

This figure represents the total number of hours tracked for both Company sponsored volunteer events and personal volunteer time logged by colleagues in our Community Impact Portal.

Students impacted include those benefiting from a STEM related in kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

Educators impacted include those benifiting from a STEM related in kind or cash donation, as well as those participating in STEM events sponsored by Thermo Fisher, our colleague led Community Action Councils, or any of the nonprofit partners we support.

STEM events are planned interactions between a Thermo Fisher colleague(s) and a student or group of students engaging in science, technology, engineering or math learning activities.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

This metric has gone through a limited assurance process.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

This metric has gone through a limited assurance process.

Each greener product category consists of multiple products within a product line all of which share the same environmentally beneficial feature(s).

To help make labs more environmentally sustainable, we have designed these products to minimize the use of hazardous chemicals, minimize waste and material consumption, and or increase energy efficiency.

Environmental data in this table covers all worldwide operations, including manufacturing facilities, warehouses, offices, commercial fleets and consolidated subsidiaries, but excluding joint ventures.

The scope of environmental data presented in this report includes operations that we control.

Where energy data is not available, estimations based on regional energy intensity factors are used.

Where water and waste data is not available, estimations based on existing data is used.

Spend based analysis is currently unable to separate upstream and downstream transportation and distribution.

Figures presented in upstream transportation and distribution represent both upstream and downstream emissions.

Emissions associated with end of life treatment and sold products is relevant.

The methodology used to determine the emissions for this category is in progress.

Value includes Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3 (categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8).

Emissions from other categories are already captured in the customer’s Scope 1, 2 and downstream Scope 3 and therefore not included.

Environmental attribute certificates retired include unbundled Green e certified Renewable Energy Certifications and EECS AIB Guarantees of Origin to match electricity usage in the US, Canada and Europe, respectively.

Zero waste is defined as the diversion of at least 90% of nonhazardous waste from landfill and incineration to energy.

This indicator or set of indicators is being included in this report for the first time.

This metric has gone through a limited assurance process.

The following table is not intended to be an exhaustive list of our contributions to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), but rather provides highlights for some of the goals where we have identified a strong strategic alignment.

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

Our products and services are designed to contribute to the health and well being of humanity and benefit society globally.

We see particular alignment with target 3b, which supports the research and development of vaccines and medicines and provides access to affordable essential medicines and vaccines.

Ensure healthy lives and promote well being for all at all ages.

We are helping to ignite the spark that will inspire the next generation of innovators.

Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.

Thermo Fisher is committed to accelerating the discovery of solutions that can deliver more equitable health outcomes for society.

In 2021, we were among the launch partners for the Bespoke Gene Therapy Consortium.

Together with the National Institutes of Health, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and industry and nonprofit partners, we are advancing the development of gene therapies to help fill the unmet medical needs of patients with rare diseases.

While a single rare disease affects small numbers of people, rare diseases collectively affect an estimated 300 million people globally.

Our Company is uniquely positioned to play a role in advancing global health equity.

Joining forces with customers and communities, we leverage our capabilities to help remove obstacles to healthcare in line with our Mission and our commitment to serving science and society.

With harmonized and equitable pricing, we have supported over 100 low and middle income countries and global health partners that otherwise lacked access to affordable diagnostic testing at scale.

During the second major COVID 19 wave in India, we took several actions to support the local response to an unprecedented health crisis.

This included partnering with UNICEF and the Government of India to scale in country capacity.

We installed 97 Thermo Scientific KingFisher Flex instruments for nucleic acid, protein and cell purification, and our facility in Bengaluru ramped up production of a COVID 19 test specifically for India.

Through our Foundation for Science, we also provided 10 million in philanthropic and in kind product support.

Additional information on our Global Health Equity efforts is available on pages 37 and 38 of this report.

Our signature STEM education programs connect students and colleagues through hands on and team based activities that highlight our technologies, foster curiosity in STEM careers and demonstrate how our Company influences the world.

To amplify our STEM impact, we continue to invest in and leverage our Foundation for Science, supporting groups that are underrepresented in STEM fields.

As the world leader in serving science, one of our greatest opportunities is to help build a life sciences sector that more fully represents our diverse society.

Our STEM partners help us deliver on our commitment to inspire a new generation of innovators through top tier STEM programming that spans a range of models, from mobile learning to innovation labs.

These efforts not only support students, but also provide our colleagues with rewarding volunteer opportunities.

Our flagship partners include the Boys Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) and the China Youth Development Foundation (CYDF).

Additional information about our efforts in advancing STEM education is available on pages 33 through 35 of this report.

We provide fulfilling careers across the globe, ensuring equity and opportunity for those historically underrepresented in the STEM industry specifically or the workforce generally.

Across our global footprint, we take a localized approach to economic development and job creation.

In 2021, Thermo Fisher was awarded a 192.5 million contract by the US Department of Defense.

For this project, our Company is co investing with the US government to build a new, state of the art, energy efficient manufacturing facility in a community in North Carolina.

It will create hundreds of manufacturing, entry level and management jobs in the region and, over time, has the potential for future expansion across a variety of high demand product lines.

Our collaborative and inclusive culture helps our colleagues connect and grow as one global team.

Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all.

One of the pillars of our growth strategy is high impact innovation through which we deliver groundbreaking technologies.

The depth of our capabilities and our Practical Process Improvement (PPI) Business System enable us to advance product, infrastructure and process sustainability.

Through our reach, we support the capacity building of local researchers to further advance scientific discovery and effectively foster local industry.

Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Global Equal Employment Opportunity and Human Rights Policy are examples of the several policies that reinforce treating our colleagues with the dignity and respect they deserve.

This commitment to fair and safe work experiences also extends to our suppliers through our Supplier Code of Conduct where we set expectations for them to operate with integrity and to embed good practices and responsible policies, including combating modern slavery and human trafficking.

We understand that some of the brightest minds are just at the beginning of their careers, which is why we invest in meaningful early talent attraction and acquisition programs and create working opportunities for students who will become the next generation of scientists, engineers, functional business leaders and general managers.

Each year, we hire over 500 colleagues in the early stages of their careers for our best in class programs, which include dynamic opportunities for high school and collegiate internships, co op programs, apprenticeships, leadership development programs in nine functional areas and various full time roles.

Additional information about our talent and diversity and inclusion (D I) practices is available on pages 22 through 28 of this report.

During 2021, we invested 1.4 billion in R D across our businesses to deliver new technologies that are helping our customers advance their important work.

In our mass spectrometry business, we extended the impact of our industry leading Thermo Scientific Orbitrap platform to bring high resolution analysis to a range of applications, including toxicology and metabolomics.

Scanning Electron Microscope to support the development of increasingly smaller and more complex semiconductors.

In our bioproduction business, we expanded our line of Thermo Scientific HyPerforma DynaDrive Single Use Bioreactors to support efficient single use bioprocessing, from pilot scale all the way to commercial production.

Time PCR System, which enables clinical testing laboratories to advance molecular diagnostics.

In 2021, we announced collaborations with (1) Mayo Clinic to accelerate the development and adoption of more precise and personalized diagnostics for blood based cancers (2) University of California, San Francisco, to increase innovation in cell and gene therapy and (3) University of California, Davis, on metabolomics research to advance precision medicine.

These are just a few of our customer collaborations that are redefining what it means for industry, academic and healthcare businesses to work together to benefit patients.

In 2021, we provided in person training and 24 7 remote support to the Honduras public laboratory network to ensure their labs remained operational while empowering their technicians to perform and transfer knowledge independently.

Additional information about this engagement is available on page 38 of this report.

Our business policies and practices reflect equality and advance equity for our stakeholders.

We promote diversity and inclusion by creating conditions that drive favorable economic and social outcomes for groups traditionally underrepresented within our industry and across our value chain.

Our five year D I strategic plan has served as a roadmap and guided our progress since 2017.

We have strengthened our culture of inclusion and enhanced our approach to further embed diversity as an essential aspect of fulfilling our Mission.

From 2017, we increased US representation of women and racially and ethnically diverse colleagues.

We are proud to sponsor nine global Business Resource Groups (BRGs) that represent diverse affinities within our Company.

Our BRGs play a critical role in building a culture that encourages and embraces differences.

By fostering inclusion and belonging, building allyship, and supporting career growth of colleagues, our BRGs collaborate with our D I team to deliver on our business objectives and strategic imperatives.

Members of our Company leadership team serve as executive sponsors for BRGs to build allyship and understanding while maximizing the success and impact of these groups.

Within our communities, we continue our efforts to advance racial equity and social justice.

In 2021, we committed 25 million in impact investment with minority serving financial institutions that focus on Black communities and businesses.

Supporting institutions that provide a bridge to empowering the historically disenfranchised, these investments are part of the Company’s broader approach to addressing inequalities and strengthening communities through our business practices.

Additional information about our efforts in advancing inclusion and reducing inequalities is available on pages 22 through 24 of this report.

Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.

We recognize the inextricable link between a healthy planet and healthy people.

As the world leader in serving science, we support the urgent call from scientists around the world to address climate change.

We are focused on protecting the planet, starting with reducing our carbon footprint.

As a responsible business partner, we help our customers advance climate science and reduce the environmental impact of their own labs and operations.

Ambition for 1.5 C campaign led by the Science Based Targets initiative, aligning our goals with the Paris Agreement.

This goal expands on our existing 2030 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% compared to 2018.

We established a near term reduction target for our indirect Scope 3 emissions.

We will engage suppliers representing 90% of our Scope 3 emissions from (1) Purchased Goods and Services and (2) Upstream Transportation and Distribution in setting climate related, science based targets by 2027.

In 2021, we achieved a 12% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions compared to our 2018 baseline and a 1% reduction compared to the prior year.

Procuring renewable electricity is important to our near term strategy to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

We achieved a new record in 2021 with 22% of global electricity coming from renewable sources, a 69% increase over the prior year.

Additional information about our efforts to combat climate change is available on pages 40 and 41 of this report.

Thermo Fisher Scientific respects colleagues’ freedom to organize in labor unions and bargain collectively in accordance with applicable law.

This report has not been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards however, we have used the GRI Standards to inform this report.

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of climate change.

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of climate change.

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of talent management.

We have mapped this topic to our material issue of community development.

The RMI uses an independent third party assessment (Responsible Minerals Assurance Process RMAP) of smelter refiner management systems and sourcing practices to validate conformance.

The RMAP standards were developed to meet the requirements of the OECD Due Diligence Guidance and the US Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Conflict Minerals).

The assessments help Thermo Fisher make informed decisions about responsibly sourced minerals in our supply chain.

This index references the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Framework where disclosures may align with other publicly available information.

Describe the board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors oversees the Company’s environmental, social and governance efforts and associated risks, including those related to climate.

In addition to regular reports, in 2021, the Committee engaged in a session dedicated to Thermo Fisher’s carbon reduction strategy and key initiatives.

Describe management’s role in assessing and managing risks and opportunities.

Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Describe the impact of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

In 2021, we enhanced strategic investments in staffing, reevaluating and resourcing our climate program to support the design and implementation of our net zero roadmap.

We also expanded our governance model around climate to enable decision making that purposefully accelerates our climate strategy.

Tiered steering committees are embedded within the organization and ladder up to the Company leadership team.

Together with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, top executives with climate, operations and finance expertise review our plans, risks and results on a quarterly basis.

Our risk management process has identified short term risks and impacts: acute physical, increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events contributing increased capital expenditures chronic, physical changes in precipitation patterns and extreme variability in weather patterns contributing to increased risks to operations.

Climate related risks and opportunities have influenced the Company’s strategy and financial planning.

Thermo Fisher has made new foundational investments in infrastructure, organizational structure, systems and human capital key levers for accelerating the design and systematic implementation of our developing net zero roadmap.

We established a plan to enable a strategic mix of legitimate emissions reduction actions that will deliver positive impact at scale.

In 2021, we enhanced investments in staffing, reevaluating and resourcing our climate program.

In 2022, our priority is to develop climate scenario analysis processes to help the business understand the potential impact of physical and transitional risks across low , medium and high case scenarios based on Representative Concentration Pathways shared by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Risk types that will be considered include current and emerging regulation, technology, legal, market risk and opportunities, reputation risk and opportunities, acute physical risk, and chronic physical risk.

Climate change risks and opportunities will continue to inform the Company’s strategy with regard to product and services, supply and value chain, and operations, and will continue to be incorporated into the Company’s financial planning from a direct cost, capital expenditures and capital allocation standpoint.

Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.

Climate scenario analysis will inform the resilience of our current climate strategy and help identify areas for further strengthening based on different climate related scenarios.

Thermo Fisher’s short and long term strategies are linked to our emissions reduction targets, which are aligned with the well below 2 C pathway.

These targets align with two of the three pillars of our Company’s growth strategy: developing high impact products and enhancing our unique customer value proposition.

Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate related risks.

To inform the wider enterprise risk management process of any specific risks and opportunities posed by climate change and or the transition to a low carbon economy, we review insurance reports outlining flooding, wildfires and extreme weather risks for all Company sites.

To manage identified risks, site specific mitigation plans are developed.

In 2021, Thermo Fisher spent 1.8 million related to these plans.

Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.

Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate related risks.

Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

In 2022, our priority is to develop climate scenario analysis processes to help us understand the potential impact of physical and transitional risks across low , medium and high case scenarios based on Representative Concentration Pathways shared by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Urgent action is needed to avoid the worst impacts of climate change, which Thermo Fisher has prioritized as core to our Mission and integral to our business and sustainability strategies.

In 2021, we increased our climate ambition by committing to net zero emissions across our value chain by 2050 and joining the Business Ambition for 1.5 C campaign led by the Science Based Targets initiative, aligning our goals with the Paris Agreement.

This net zero target builds on our near term climate goals.

We are actively developing our operational roadmap to a net zero value chain to manage climate related risks.

Key components of our plan include a transition from fossil fuels to renewable electricity, supplier engagement program and sustainable product design program to enable our customers to achieve their goals and drive innovation.

As our roadmap evolves, we continue to frame our approach toward a broader range of emissions sources such as our fleet, waste generation, transportation and business travel.

With insights in these areas, our colleagues and other stakeholders are critical partners in helping us achieve our goals.

Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks.

We report on our GHG emissions and progress towards near and long term targets in line with the GHG Protocol guidance for defining and calculating GHG footprint, which can be found in the Data summary table on pages 50 through 52 of this report.

Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

The table below presents how we define our priority, material issues.

In this report and other communications and statements, when we use the terms material, materiality and similar terms, we are using such terms to refer to topics that reflect Thermo Fisher’s significant economic, environmental and social impacts or to refer to topics that are important to stakeholders and our business success.

We are not using these terms as they have been defined by or construed in accordance with the securities laws or any other laws of the US or any other jurisdiction, or as these terms are used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting, and nothing in this report or other sustainability reports, communications and statements should be construed to indicate otherwise.

For further information on Thermo Fisher’s sustainability efforts, please see our CSR webpage and the following resources.

Promoting innovation within the workforce and offering new services products with high added value for customers to enable them to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

Ensuring that products are safe for consumers and manufactured in a way that meets appropriate quality and safety assurance standards and applicable regulations.

Efforts to ensure Company workforce reflects the diversity (in gender, age, etc.) in the countries of operation.

Providing opportunities to promote professional growth and learning among new and existing colleagues, matching colleague skills with the needs of the business and allowing for promotion within the Company and or advancement externally in order to remain an employer of choice and retain key talent.

Programs aimed at building long lasting local relationships and improving economic and social circumstances at the local level in territories where the Company is operating sourcing materials.

We are providing questionnaires from 2020 because, at the time of this report’s publication, the 2021 CDP reporting cycle was still open.

Reducing emissions that contribute to the greenhouse effect and other harmful environmental impacts.

Improving energy efficiency and use of renewable energy sources in our own operations and supply chain.

Efforts to develop strategies to mitigate climate change across the Company’s value chain.

All trademarks are the property of Thermo Fisher Scientific and its subsidiaries unless otherwise specified.