Prepared 
For Anything
Our approach to leading 
global business and  
societal issues. pg. 5

Reinforcing 
Our Commitment 
The corporate and 
organizational leadership 
guiding our efforts. pg. 24

Measuring 
Our Impact
Strategic goals including  
our new targets for 2030  
and beyond. pg. 29

KPIs 
Leading metrics that 
help measure our  
progress. pg. 39

THE POWER OF

AT&T 
ESG Summary 
May 2021

OUR VALUES

IN THIS REPORT

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

LIVE TRUE.
Do the right thing, no 
compromise.

THINK BIG.
Innovate and get there first.

PURSUE EXCELLENCE.
In everything, every time.

INSPIRE IMAGINATION.
Give people what they 
don’t expect.

BE THERE.
When customers and colleagues 
need you most.

STAND FOR EQUALITY.
Speak with your actions.

EMBRACE FREEDOM.
Press, speech, beliefs. 

MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
Impact your world.

2

3   INTRODUCTION

Our commitment to 
corporate responsibility 
begins with strong guidance 
from our leadership.

4 

 Letter From Our 
Chief Executive Officer

29   PROGRESS 
TOWARD OUR GOALS

We’re making progress on 
our roadmap of targets 
that serve as milestones to 
2030 and beyond.

5   GLOBAL CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

39   KPIs

To assess our progress, 
we measure Key Performance 
Indicators (KPIs) in areas 
most important to 
our stakeholders and 
our business.

Companies like AT&T 
are called to be strong 
corporate citizens and 
to demonstrate ethical 
leadership that considers the 
needs of society alongside 
those of business.

6 

Digital Divide

8  Operational Resilience

10 

11 

13 

 Supply Chain Management

 Human Capital 
Management 

 Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion 

15 

 Economic Opportunity 

17  Climate Change 

20  Technology Innovation

21 

 Privacy, Network Security 
and Digital Responsibility 

23  AT&T BelievesSM

   For a detailed look into all 
our work from the past year, 
visit our full ESG reporting 
library at about.att.com/csr/
reporting.

24   GOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIP

We address environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues 
at every level of our company.

25 

27 

 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

 Stakeholder Engagement 

28 

 ESG Reporting

42   RECOGNITION

Third-party recognition gives 
us valuable feedback on our 
approach and helps drive 
continuous improvement.

3

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021LETTER FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

THE UNMISTAKABLE 
POWER OF CONNECTION

Our purpose at AT&T is to create 
connection. And we do that 
with a deep commitment to 
corporate responsibility – for 
our customers, our communities 
and our employees.  

John Stankey
Chief Executive Officer

Over this past year, our purpose and 
commitment came together in a particularly 
powerful way, as COVID-19 disrupted our 
lives and highlighted the vital importance of 
internet connectivity. Looking back, it’s clear 
the pandemic accelerated what had been a 
gradual but steady shift to a digital economy. 
In the process, it brought renewed attention to 
the millions of Americans who lack high-speed 
access to the internet. 

To help address this digital divide, we’re working 
with schools and community organizations 
on a number of fronts, including providing 
discounted network access for low-income 
households, as well as skills-building resources 
and opportunities for economic empowerment 
in underserved communities. We’re especially 
focused on closing the homework gap by 
offering connected learning solutions for remote 
classrooms and a range of innovative digital 
learning tools. We recently backed that up with 
a $2 billion commitment over the next 3 years 
to help connect the nation’s most vulnerable 
communities. That’s on top of $1 billion in 
contributions made over the last 3 years.

At the same time, we’re closely collaborating with 
policymakers to help ensure that the educational, 
social and economic benefits of broadband 
connectivity are available to everyone.

Another important focus area for AT&T 
is building on our momentum to address 
environmental sustainability issues. Despite the 
pandemic, our 2035 goal of achieving net zero 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
remains well on track. We’re decreasing our costs 
and our environmental footprint by enhancing 
the resilience and efficiency of our operations 
and virtualizing many of our network functions. 
We’re broadening the use of our industry-
leading Climate Change Analysis Tool to help 
mitigate the potential impact of climate-related 
weather events on our network and operations. 
And we’re helping business customers and 
municipalities lower their own risks and reduce 
their environmental footprint through innovative 
broadband and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions.

We’re also continuously working to improve our 
industry-leading diversity of talent across the 
company, because we recognize that there’s 
always more work to be done. Our goal is to 
empower the workforce and storytellers of 
tomorrow by providing pathways to technology 
and media careers. As you can see on our 
Diversity & Inclusion website, one of AT&T’s core 
values is to Stand for Equality. We have zero 
tolerance for racism, xenophobia or any other 
form of discrimination and we strongly support 
local and global initiatives – including policy 
changes – that will advance equity, justice and 
equal protections for all. 

This report highlights the many ways AT&T is 
connecting and engaging in our communities, 
operating responsibly, mitigating risk and 
removing unnecessary costs from the business 
to maximize long-term growth opportunities 
for our company, employees and customers.

4

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

GLOBAL CHALLENGES & OPPORTUNITIES

PREPARED

FOR

A n yth ing

Digital Divide

6   

Our success aligns to the management of 
leading ESG issues impacting our company, 
customers and communities.

Operational Resilience 

15 

17 

 Economic Opportunity 

Climate Change

8   

10  

11 

13   

 Supply Chain Management

20    Technology Innovation 

 Human Capital 
Management 

 Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion 

21 

 Privacy, Network Security 
and Digital Responsibility

23 

AT&T Believes

5

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

AT&T further recommends the FCC Lifeline 
universal service program be modernized and 
digitized to support the full cost of broadband 
connectivity, while allowing participants to 
administer benefits electronically. We also 
encourage policymakers to equally consider 
wired and wireless connectivity solutions. 
As wireless technologies offer increasingly 
impressive broadband performance, these 
simpler-to-deploy solutions will help speed 
closure of affordability and availability gaps 
for households in need. 

BRIDGING THE HOMEWORK GAP

And to better connect our learning 
institutions, AT&T has offered discounted 
unlimited wireless data plans and content 
filtering services to more than 135,000  
public and private K-12 schools, colleges  
and universities across the U.S.

In Latin America, ESCUELA+ provides primary 
and secondary schools with DIRECTV7 and 
SKY satellite technology, original and third-
party partner educational content, customer 
services support and custom-designed 
pedagogical support materials to positively 
transform the classroom experience. When 
COVID-19 led to the suspension of in-person 
classes, we opened the ESCUELA+ channel 
and its content to all DIRECTV, DIRECTV 
GO and SKY Play customers in Argentina, 
Brazil,  Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and 
Uruguay to support learning at home. 
Through this expansion, educational content 
previously reaching almost 10,000 schools 
was immediately made available to nearly 
7 million households, free of charge. 

Over the last 12 years, we’ve invested more 
than $600 million to help close achievement 
and representation gaps in under-resourced 
schools and communities. 

When the events of 2020 forced more than 
50 million U.S. students out of the classroom,6 
we launched the $10 million AT&T Distance 
Learning and Family Connections Fund to 
help equip parents, students and teachers 
with high-quality tools and content for at-
home learning – and to help families maintain 
meaningful connections when isolated from 
friends and loved ones. In collaboration with 
more than 60 organizations, we’ve reached 
over 196 million students, parents and 
educators with resources and programming. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, nearly 
17 million children have been unable to 
take part in virtual learning or complete 
schoolwork because their family doesn’t 
have a home internet connection or device. 
To help address this challenge, AT&T made 
an additional $10 million commitment to 
support at-risk students disconnected 
from remote learning with free internet 
connectivity and Wi-Fi hotspots. We’re 
working with Connected Nation, a leading 
non-profit focusing on broadband and digital  
technology challenges, to help close the gap 
for approximately 35,000 students in need.  

Introducing AT&T 
Connected Learning
As part of our $2 billion digital divide 
commitment, we introduced AT&T Connected 
Learning, a multi-year initiative supporting 
solutions to help stem the tide of learning 
loss, further narrow the homework gap and 
empower today’s learners.

Together with WarnerMedia,5 we’re developing 
a digital learning platform that will deliver high-
quality curriculum and online learning tools from 
some of the best educational organizations 
in the world, as well as exclusive educational 
content from WarnerMedia, everywhere today’s 
connected students learn – in the classroom, at 
home and in the community. 

We’re also launching AT&T Connected 
Learning Centers in traditionally underserved 
neighborhoods facing barriers to connectivity. 
The centers will provide access to high-speed 
internet and computing devices, as well as 
opportunities for tutoring and mentorship 
through our employee-driven AT&T Believes 
volunteerism initiative. 

And together with the Public Library 
Association, we’ll offer a collection of digital 
literacy courses to help parents and families 
build the skills and confidence to help their 
child navigate distance learning and participate 
effectively and safely in today’s digital world. 

Working With the Government
We believe it takes a collaborative approach 
between the public and private sectors, as well 
as smart public policy at the state and federal 
levels, to continue bridging the digital divide. 
Ubiquitous broadband connectivity is one of 
AT&T’s top priorities for 2021, and we’ve joined 
nearly 50 advocacy organizations, companies and 
non-profit groups urging policymakers to enact 
sustainable, effective broadband policies to help 
build resilient broadband networks, create jobs 
and empower opportunities for all Americans.

Congress has appropriated FCC funding for 
more accurate broadband mapping. This will 
help companies like AT&T precisely target 
remaining broadband coverage gaps and is 
a positive step in government efforts to fully 
address the digital divide.  

DIGITAL DIVIDE
ADDRESSING OUR 

GREATEST  
CHALLENGE 

Requirements to work and 
learn remotely over the past 
year have shed greater light 
on the digital divide that has 
long left millions of students 
and families without essential 
broadband connectivity.

This nationwide problem 
disproportionately impacts 
households of color, those 
with disabilities and residents 
of rural or under-resourced 
communities. 

Access to affordable and reliable internet 
service is critical for work, learning and 
commerce – and for staying digitally  
connected to family, friends, breaking news  
and information. AT&T has a long history of 
keeping our customers and communities 
connected. We’ve invested more than 
$110 billion in our wireless and wireline 
networks over the past 5 years, including 
U.S. and international capital investments 
and the acquisition of wireless spectrum 
and operations, to help expand coverage 
and improve connectivity, reliability and 
performance. And through the end of 
2020, we’ve used support from the Federal 
Communications Commission (FCC) 
Connect America Fund program to help 
deploy, maintain and offer internet and 
voice services to 1.1 million mostly rural 
homes and small business locations in 
FCC-identified areas of need.

Doubling Down Our Efforts
In 2021, we announced an expanded 
commitment to invest $2 billion over the next 
3 years to help address the digital divide. This 
effort will combine AT&T’s low-cost broadband 
service offerings with ongoing community 
investment, building on approximately $1 billion 
in contributions over the last 3 years to help the 
nation’s most vulnerable communities.

Introduced 5 years ago, Access from AT&T1 is 
a voluntary AT&T-funded program offering 
low-cost, wired broadband internet access to 
qualifying households for $10 per month. This 
offer from AT&T has no contract or installation 
fees. We’re continuing to waive data overages 
for these customers and are maintaining 
expanded eligibility to include households 
participating in the National School Lunch 
program and Head Start.2 

AT&T is also participating in the Federal 
Emergency Broadband Benefit program, 
which will allow more than 30 million eligible3 
households to receive a temporary  
subsidy bringing the cost of qualifying AT&T 
home internet or wireless plans as low as  
$0 per month.4

6

7

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

Supporting First Responders
Through all 2020 has thrown at us, FirstNet 
– the only nationwide wireless broadband 
communications platform dedicated to 
America’s first responders and public safety 
community – has been helping those on 
the front line effectively coordinate and 
communicate. AT&T’s FirstNet teams were 
there in January supporting the first COVID-19 
quarantine sites. And we provided critical 
communications during Hurricanes Laura and 
Delta, wildfires in Colorado and California, and 
instances of civil unrest. 

FirstNet By the Numbers

 16,000+

organizations

The FirstNet network covers more than 
2.71 million square miles and more than 99% 
of the U.S. population. In 2020, we added nearly 
100,000 square miles to the FirstNet coverage 
footprint – equivalent in area to the state of 
Oregon. We’ll continue to expand our support in 
2021 and beyond as vaccination efforts roll out 
across the country, unprecedented weather 
events continue to occur and we anticipate 
what might be next. 

Learn more about FirstNet’s 
response to COVID-19.

80+ 

dedicated deployable 
network assets

2.71 million+

square miles of coverage

2.2 million+ 

connections

750+

public safety deployable 
asset requests in 2020

PROMOTING EMPLOYEE 
SAFETY AND 
PRODUCTIVITY 
In early 2020, we put our business 
continuity plans to the test as nearly 
half of our employees – approximately 
130,000 – transitioned from regular 
workspaces to work from home, and we 
shifted many retail services from in-store 
to online. For customer-facing employees 
who can’t do their job remotely, we 
continue to implement enhanced 
operational protocols and provide 
equipment to help keep them safe. 

As we look beyond the pandemic, we’re 
revising our business models to support 
flexible office space and at-home 
productivity for many employees on a 
long-term basis. And the remote network 
access and web conferencing tools we 
provide customers will remain a mainstay 
of our own operations.

The events of 2020 impacted nearly everything 
we do at AT&T. We connected millions of 
businesses, employees and families as they 
transitioned to remote work and learning. 
We’re carrying nearly 40% more wireless 
voice traffic and approximately 26% more 
data than before the pandemic. And in 
2020, texting on our network hit a peak rate 
of 99,000 messages per second. Through 
FirstNet, we’re supporting more than 2.2 million 
connections nationwide across more than 
16,000 public safety organizations. And CNN 
served the largest audiences in its 40-year 
history, as viewers turned to us for clear and 
comprehensive reporting on the pandemic, 
presidential election and history-making 
demonstrations for racial justice.   

Learn more about our  COVID-19 
response efforts. 

Keeping the Business Running
AT&T’s Business Continuity Management 
Program is certified to ISO 22301:2012 and 
aligns with a broad collection of domestic and 
international business continuity standards. 
Our global team of certified business continuity 
experts, led by our President of Network 
Engineering and Operations, works to maintain 
the operation of key business processes. And 
our WarnerMedia Business Resilience team helps 
plan for incidents that could affect production 
facilities, critical systems or our people. 

Our National Disaster Recovery (NDR) 
organization is critical to keeping our 
network operational – even in the wake of 
unpredictable, catastrophic events. We’ve 
invested more than $650 million in the U.S. and 
another $15 million internationally to ensure 

our NDR program is ready whenever natural or 
man-made disasters may strike.

Updates on all our business continuity efforts 
are shared with the AT&T Board of Directors.

Learn more in our Network & Data 
Security issue brief.

Standing With Small Business
During the pandemic, businesses of all sizes 
have needed support. To better serve our more 
than 2.5 million small business customers, AT&T:

•  Joined the Stand for Small Coalition and 
provided millions of U.S. small businesses with 
valuable services, offers and access to tools 
and expertise.

•  Teamed up with Barbara Corcoran to launch a
webinar series helping small businesses work 
toward recovery.

•  Launched a business continuity resource 
center to help businesses plan, adapt, stay
connected and remain productive during 
challenging times. 

•  Provided $1.2 million to support 7 female and 
minority-led alumni companies from the 
AT&T Aspire Accelerator in their work to reach
underserved communities with educational 
technology solutions. 

Learn more about how we 
supported businesses during the 
pandemic on the AT&T Newsroom.

9

OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE

ANSWERING
THE CALL

The communications industry is one of 16 infrastructure 
sectors designated as critical by the U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security, and AT&T operates one of the world’s 
most prominent and advanced global backbone networks. 

Our infrastructure and operations are built to be 
resilient, which means we have the people, resources 
and procedures to keep everyone connected – providing 
essential services, news and information when our 
customers and communities need us most.

8

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

LOREM
NO  
STOPPING
US

A resilient supply chain 
is critical. AT&T’s supply 
chain has been able to 
withstand the demands of 
the pandemic by working 
with organizations offering 
innovative, cost-efficient 
capabilities that align with 
business priorities such 
as 5G deployment and 
the expansion of FirstNet 
and fiber connectivity to 
communities across the U.S.

10

Navigating the Impact 
of COVID-19
We’ve long worked with more than 20,000 
suppliers to ensure a geographically diverse 
and resilient supply chain that reduces our risk 
in unforeseen situations. In fact, we used the 
reach of our supply chain to help meet several 
challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. For 
example, a disabled veteran-owned business 
in Indiana provided us with 135,000 gallons of 
hand sanitizer and a minority-owned business 
in California used their extensive global 
network to help distribute pandemic-related 
supplies for our employees.

AT&T secured more than 5 million face masks, 
9 million pairs of sanitary gloves and more 
than 50,000 spray bottles of disinfectant to 
help keep our workforce safe. And we donated 
millions of dollars of unused supplies to front-
line workers, school districts and organizations 
such as the American Indian College Fund, 
American Indian Higher Education Consortium 
and The Salvation Army.

BUILDING SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
AT&T has one of the largest supplier 
diversity programs in corporate America 
and never has diversity in our supply chain 
been more important than now. Our overall 
supplier diversity goal is 21.5% of total 
procurement expenditures. And in 2020, 
24.5% of our total supply chain spend – 
$13.2 billion – was awarded to certified 
diverse businesses owned by minorities, 
women, veterans, LGBTQ+ people and those 
with disabilities.8

Spend with Diverse Suppliers8

Ensuring Supplier 
Responsibility
AT&T is committed to advancing sustainable 
business practices among our suppliers – with 
a focus on diversity, the environment, human 
rights and prevention of forced labor. We expect 
supplier business operations to be conducted 
in a manner consistent with sustainability 
and diversity clauses in our contracts, and we 
require conformance with the AT&T Principles 
of Conduct for Suppliers, WarnerMedia Supplier 
Guidelines and AT&T’s Human Rights Policy. 

We facilitate regular sustainability assessments 
and audits for our suppliers, through tools 
such as an assessor developed with the 
Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) 
and participation in the Joint Audit Cooperation 
(JAC), an organization that facilitates collaboration 
among peer telecom companies and industry 
suppliers. Since 2010, JAC has audited nearly 600 
factory locations and conducted human rights 
reviews for more than 1.3 million factory workers – 
including many AT&T suppliers.

Learn more in our Responsible Supply 
Chain issue brief. 

In 2019 and 2020, AT&T spent $3.1 billion 
with Black-owned suppliers, exceeding 
our 2-year $3 billion commitment to drive 
diversity and inclusion across our business 
and communities. Black-owned suppliers 
support AT&T across many lines of business 
including legal and professional services, 
warehousing and logistics, advertising  
and marketing, as well as construction  
and engineering.

$

15B

10B

5B

0

14.2

24.3

14.4

25.2

15.1

26.8

14.2

26.4

13.2

24.5

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

%

30

20

10

0

 Diverse supplier spend (U.S. dollars, billion)    

 % of total supply chain spend

Introduction
Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance

Progress Toward  
Progress Toward  
Our Goals
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

HERE FOR
EACH OTHER

We’re one of the largest 
employers in the U.S., with one 
of the nation’s largest union-
represented workforces. 

Our employees make AT&T a 
great place to work.

In a year defined by uncertainty and unexpected 
challenges, our more than 230,000 employees 
have learned to work in new ways and new places. 

To support the people who keep our company 
strong and our customers connected, we took 
a number of steps this past year, including 
temporary compensation increases for front-
line employees who can’t do their jobs from 
home and temporary increases in available 
paid time off for employees with family 
impacted by COVID-19 illness. We committed 
more than $100 million to help cast and crew 
from WarnerMedia productions on hiatus 
and, through the AT&T Employee Relief Fund, 
we supported more than 275 colleagues 
requesting assistance for COVID-19-related 
personal hardships. 

We’ve completely covered the cost of COVID-19 
testing, treatment and vaccines for employees 
and dependents through our AT&T health 
plans. And to help safely return essential 
employees and contractors to work locations, 
the company developed and implemented 
a health screening based on CDC guidelines 
that has been taken more than 6 million times 
across 4 continents in 16 different languages.

For the last 3 years, AT&T 
has been named to the 
Fortune Best Big Companies 
to Work ForTM list.

11

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

In 2020, Chief Learning 
Officer magazine recognized 
AT&T as Organization of 
the Year for Learning and 
Development and Editor’s 
Choice for Best Learning 
Execution.

Empowering  
Employee Growth
As the global economy evolves, it’s crucial for 
companies such as ours to train – and retain – a 
skilled and diverse workforce. AT&T invested 
approximately $166 million in 2020 to engage 
employees in nearly 16 million hours of 
education and training to help ensure our 
colleagues have the tools needed for continued 
success.9 In 2020, we also invested $15.8 million 
in higher education tuition assistance.9

Our internal training organization, AT&T 
University, works across our business to deliver 
best-in-class training solutions that positively 
impact our workforce – from 
front-line employees to senior executives. 
AT&T University is our platform for strategic 
business training and alignment, energizing our 
workforce to enhance their skills and drive 
innovation. We offer more than 900 leadership 
and career courses, including partnerships with 
esteemed learning institutions. 

Providing Competitive 
Pay and Benefits
AT&T works hard to attract and retain the 
talented, diverse and engaged employees 
critical to keeping millions around the world 
connected, entertained and informed. 

We continually evolve our benefits to reflect 
the needs of our workforce. In 2020, we 
expanded paid parental leave up to 12 weeks, 
which can be further extended for birthing 
mothers when paired with applicable short-
term disability benefits.10 And in 2021, we began 

offering certain employee groups 3 weeks 
of continuous or intermittent paid caregiver 
leave – to help those dealing with personal 
emergencies or caring for a spouse or partner, 
child, grandchild, parent or another loved one.11

We regularly adapt our compensation model to 
ensure fair and inclusive pay practices across 
our business. We’re committed to pay equity 
for employees who hold the same job, work in 
the same geographic area and have the same 
levels of experience and performance.

ENHANCING OUR CULTURE

In 2020, AT&T launched a cultural 
transformation to improve the way we 
work and identify the behaviors we must 
embody to best serve our customers. 
We conducted employee focus groups, 
surveys, and interviews to gain an 
honest evaluation of our strengths and 
weaknesses – learning that the rigor 
and processes historically serving AT&T 
well had, at times, become a barrier 
to performing our best amid rapidly 
changing industries. 

We launched the How We Connect culture 
model to amplify our most effective 
corporate behaviors, adopt behaviors and 
expectations that will help us transform 
and empower employees to discontinue 

practices that get in our way. We’re holding 
colleagues at all levels accountable through 
our ongoing performance development 
process, which incorporates a 360-degree 
feedback structure. And we’re evaluating 
our success, in part, by replacing our 
traditional employee engagement survey 
with a 56-question culture survey that 
better measures how we’re doing – as a 
company, as individual departments and as 
supervisors or individual contributors. 

This shift has given us the insight needed 
to address issues employees face in 
serving customers, moving faster, 
acting boldly and working together. 
It has provided a roadmap for future 
improvement to our organizational culture 
and a solid metric for progress over time.

Learn more in the  
Our Workforce issue brief. 

12

AS SOCIETY AND INDIVIDUALS,  
WE WILL ALL DO BETTER AND 
ENJOY MORE SUCCESS WHEN 
EQUALITY AND JUSTICE UNDERPIN 
EVERY CORNER OF SOCIETY.
John Stankey
Chief Executive Officer, AT&T

DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION

WE STAND FOR
EQUALITY

AT&T’s corporate value to Stand 
for Equality demonstrates that 
our workplace is made stronger 
when we build understanding 
of our commonalities, not our 
differences. We commit to 
use our corporate voice and 
influence to champion equity 
and combat injustices that 
threaten our employees or the 
communities we serve.

Valuing Diversity
At AT&T, diversity is foundational for building 
an inclusive environment where everyone 
is valued and empowered – and that work 
starts at the top. In 2020, we published a 
Board Diversity Statement, noting “AT&T 
recognizes the value of diversity, and takes 
into account many factors, including but 
not limited to gender, race and ethnicity, as 
important in determining composition and 
in making nominations to the Board.” And to 
promote employee engagement in diversity 
and inclusion initiatives across our operating 
companies we regularly convene four diversity 
councils, including the CEO’s Diversity Council 
led by our most senior executive.

From our Board of Directors to front-line 
workers across the globe, we seek talented 
people who represent a mix of backgrounds, 
identities, abilities and experiences. We’ve 
joined the OneTen coalition, a group of 
corporations pledging to collectively hire 
1 million Black Americans over the next 
10 years. And in 2020, more than 55% of 
open positions and 56% of promotions 
were filled by diverse candidates.9

13

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION (CONTINUED)

Global Challenges  
& Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

AT&T encourages success based on employees’ 
individual merits and abilities without regard 
to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, 
gender identity, gender expression, sexual 
orientation, age, disability, marital status, 
citizenship status, military status, protected 
veteran status, employment status or other 
protected status. We fully consider all qualified 
applicants for employment, including those 
with a criminal history who need a second 
chance. And we encourage employees to 
join one or more of our 39 employee groups, 
which exemplify our company’s commitment 
to diversity and inclusion through efforts in 
the workplace, marketplace and community 
– while focusing on members’ professional
development and opportunities for 
community service. 

Recognizing the Value 
of Diversity at AT&T

 People of color   

 Female

Board of Directors

25%

25%

U.S. Management12

40%

37%

U.S. Workforce12

46%

34%

Global Workforce (68+ countries)

34.3%

We will share our federal EEO-1 later this year. 
Visit the AT&T Diversity & Inclusion website  
for additional workforce diversity data.

We support the United Nations Women’s 
Empowerment Principles and its mission to 
advance equity and the empowerment of 
women and girls. We also endorse and obey 
laws that prohibit discrimination, such as the 
Equality Act, which would ban discrimination 
based on sexual orientation or gender identity. 
This is consistent with our long-standing 
commitment to inclusion for the LGBTQ+

14

community, and we urge its passage so all  
are ensured equal civil rights protections  
under U.S. law.

Seeking Justice 
and Fairness
Hate has no home at AT&T. We’re committed to 
raising awareness and taking a stand against all 
forms of racism and xenophobia. 

The killings of George Floyd and countless 
others highlight the continued injustices 
experienced by Black Americans. We’re 
devoting resources and leadership toward 
initiatives to help advance economic 
opportunity, overcome systemic educational 
barriers and promote law enforcement reform. 
And we’ll do so for as long as it takes.

In the summer of 2020, AT&T led a Business 
Roundtable initiative of top CEOs to push for 
public policy changes that deliver equal justice 
outcomes for all. To date, AT&T has supported 
and helped secure legislative reforms in more 
than 15 states in pursuit of equal justice for  
all Americans. 

The fight for racial and social justice 
continues as hate crimes have risen in the 
Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) 
community during the COVID-19 pandemic, 
as reported by Stop AAPI Hate. We believe the 
violence against these individuals must end 
and AT&T and WarnerMedia have announced a 
$7 million pledge to help raise awareness and 
continue our ongoing commitment to address 
equality issues that impact our employees and 
neighbors.

Supporting Accessibility
AT&T is committed to positively impacting 
those with disabilities. In 2020, we were the 
lead sponsor for ADA30 Lead On: A Celebration 
of Disability Arts, Culture, Education and 
Pride – an online event celebrating the 30th 
anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities 
Act and highlighting the need for accessible job 
opportunities in the entertainment industry.

Our Accessibility and Inclusion initiative works 
to ingrain accessibility throughout AT&T’s 
culture, making it easier for all individuals, 
including those with disabilities, to pursue 
careers and advancement at AT&T. Our efforts 
helped AT&T score a 100 on the Disability 
Equality Index benchmark.

ELEVATING  
DIVERSE VOICES
As exemplified by WarnerMedia’s industry-
leading Production Diversity Policy, we’re 
committed to elevating diverse voices 
in film and storytelling, ensuring the 
content we produce and distribute is 
representative of our community. This 
includes diversifying our channel lineup 
and providing support for programs that 
identify and create opportunity for new 
creative talent. 

To promote equity within the 
entertainment industry and prepare 
people to be future award-winning 
animators, sound engineers and directors, 
TCM and WarnerMedia have collaborated 
with re:imagine/ATL for the TCM Presents 
Women Make Film: Next Gen Filmmakers 
program. Ghetto Film School’s 2020 Film 
Credits challenge, supported by AT&T 
and WarnerMedia, secured more than 
100 submissions from up-and-coming 
teenage filmmakers. And the FACIUNI Film 
Scholarship program is contributing to the 
search for new voices and talent in film 
from across Latin America.

We’re proud to be a founding partner of 
#ARRAYCrew, a database focusing on 
inclusion for below-the-line production 
professionals. And we’ve expanded our 
entry-level WarnerMedia Access Writers 
program to amplify underrepresented 
voices and historically marginalized writers 
with a pathway into the television industry.

In 2020, the Disability 
Equality Index recognized
AT&T as one of the 
Best Places to Work for 
Disability Inclusion.

Learn more in the Our Workforce issue 
brief, Accessibility & Affordability 
issue brief and the AT&T Diversity & 
Inclusion website.

ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY

EMPOWERING
FUTURES

We believe that everyone – 
regardless of age, gender, 
race or socioeconomic status 
– deserves the opportunity to
succeed. Access to broadband 
connectivity and the resources 
it can provide is a large part 
of AT&T’s commitment to 
helping build equity for all. 
With an eye toward jobs of 
the future, we’re also working 
to help people develop the 
skills they need to thrive 
in technology, media and 
telecommunications careers.

Helping Equity  
Meet Opportunity
The country’s reckoning with social justice 
in 2020 affected us all and deepened AT&T’s 
commitment to supporting equity in our 
company, as well as our communities. Over  
the past five years, AT&T has contributed  
$215 million13 to increase education, skills 
building and career readiness opportunities in 
Black and underserved communities. And in 
2020, we committed an additional $10 million 
to further support these groups, which often 
face long-standing social inequities and higher 
unemployment – all of which have been 
exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Last year, we worked with The NETwork to 
conduct the first AT&T HBCU Innovation 
Challenge, in which 25 student teams from 
17 historically Black colleges and universities 
(HBCUs) competed for a $50,000 prize by 

developing innovative 5G solutions to help 
communities. In 2021, we announced AT&T 
University’s HBCU Future Leaders Program, a 
multi-year mentoring and workforce readiness 
initiative pairing HBCU students from AT&T 
internship and development programs with 
senior leaders and employees who can help 
them develop leadership skills and expertise 
in technology and innovation. And through 
collaborations with organizations like Jobs 
for America’s Graduates, Year 
Up and YouthBuild USA, we 
continue to support training, 
skills development and work 
experiences for under- and 
unemployed young people.

15

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

Introducing Next Generation 
Storytellers
AT&T is empowering young storytellers  
and those from non-traditional backgrounds 
who haven’t had traditional pathways into the 
entertainment industry with opportunities to 
create content and learn skills.

Through WarnerMedia Access to Action, we’ve 
helped more than 420 people gain experience 
in entry-level production jobs across our media 
brands, with a goal to diversify our talent 
pipeline and help establish connections that 
can lead to lifelong careers. 

In 2020, AT&T and CNN launched Youth Voices 
Collective, a program to support student 
expression and teach writing and journalism 
skills. In collaboration with non-profits 826 
National, VOX ATL and Six Feet of Separation, 
we provide instruction, coaching and sharing 
opportunities to thousands of students across 

the U.S. – especially those in underserved 
communities. 

WarnerMedia is also a lead sponsor of 
re:imagine/ATL’s No Comment Film Fellowship, 
which helps students ages 16 – 19 write, 
produce and pitch films to gain confidence and 
experience as they refine their craft. Students 
from the fellowship were also recognized as 
part of TCM’s Women Make Film: Next Gen 
Filmmakers program. 

In collaboration with non-profit 21st Century 
Leaders, we developed the WarnerMedia 
Institute for Future Leaders program for high 
school students interested in media industry 
careers. WarnerMedia also supports Reel 
Works’ MediaMKRS production workforce 
development program and VOX ATL’s Media 
Café, a hands-on program helping teens 
explore multimedia storytelling techniques 
while learning the fundamentals of journalism.

OneFifty is WarnerMedia’s in-house content 
innovation center, which invests in artists 
creating fresh, provocative content across 
all forms of media: features, series, digital, 
animation, interactive, virtual reality (VR) and  
more. This initiative is disrupting the way 
content is traditionally developed in our 
industry, helping bring the most compelling 
untold stories to audiences.

IT’S CRITICAL TO CULTIVATE THE 
NEXT GENERATION OF CONTENT 
CREATORS THAT MIRROR 
OUR SOCIETY. 
Charlene Lake  
Senior Vice President, Corporate Social 
Responsibility and Chief Sustainability Officer, 
AT&T 

Learn more in our Building Digital Skills issue brief.

16

CLIMATE CHANGE

TAKING ACTION FOR
TOMORROW

As the world transitions to 
a net zero economy, AT&T is 
demonstrating leadership 
by setting aggressive goals 
and taking purposeful action 
through a combination of 
mitigation and adaptation 
efforts. We’re taking costs out 
of the business by enhancing 
our efficiency while working 
to reduce GHG emissions – and 
we’re helping our customers 
do the same. We’re also 
taking steps to protect our 
network from threats and 
costly repairs associated 
with extreme weather events 
while helping communities 
identify and address their 
own vulnerabilities.

On Our Way to  
Carbon Neutral
Climate-related goals support our business 
strategy to pursue efficiency projects that save 
millions of dollars across our operations each 
year. By deploying IoT solutions to streamline 
key business processes, transitioning to a low-
emissions fleet, scaling our renewable energy 
capacity, expanding sustainable production 
practices at WarnerMedia and working to 
virtualize large portions of our network, we’re 
able to deploy new capabilities faster while 
reducing energy use and emissions. Since 2010, 
we’ve implemented nearly 147,000 energy 
efficiency projects – resulting in annualized 
energy cost savings of nearly $694 million.

AT&T has committed to becoming carbon 
neutral, achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions14 by 2035. To help measure 
our progress, we’ve revised our science-
based target to reduce emissions for these 
same categories 63% by 2030 (against 2015 
baseline) – aligning with a 1.5°C pathway.

We’re also working to reduce Scope 3 emissions 
from our supply chain and have achieved 80% 
of our science-based target to ensure at least 
half of our spend (covering purchased goods 
and services, capital goods and downstream 
leased assets) is with suppliers that have, or 
will, set science-based Scope 1 and 2 targets 
by 2024.

OUR NETWORK IS TESTED BY 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND NATURAL 
DISASTERS EVERY YEAR. WE 
RECOGNIZE THE LONG-TERM 
IMPACTS THESE COMMITMENTS 
CAN HAVE, AND WE OWE IT TO THE 
MILLIONS OF CUSTOMERS WHO RELY 
ON OUR SERVICES TO CREATE THE 
MOST RESILIENT AND SUSTAINABLE 
BUSINESS WE CAN.
John Stankey
Chief Executive Officer, AT&T

17

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021CLIMATE CHANGE (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

Going Big on Renewable Energy
AT&T is one of the largest corporate purchasers 
of renewable energy in the U.S. and we’ll 
continue to expand our portfolio, where 
feasible. As part of our previous commitment 
to purchase more than 1.5 gigawatts of 
renewable energy capacity domestically, in 2020 
we announced an agreement representing  
more than 500 megawatts of solar energy – the 
largest U.S. corporate solar energy deal to date.

In Argentina, we’ve reached a 1,200 MWh/year 
agreement to contribute renewable energy 
to the grid supporting our DIRECTV central 
office through 2025. And in Mexico, we’re 
implementing a 40 GWh/year agreement to 
supply renewable energy to approximately 
1,200 network sites.

Our renewable energy purchases drive 
significant reductions in our reported emissions 
and help protect us from rising energy costs. 
These investments also support hundreds of 
local jobs and contribute clean electricity to 
the power grid.  

Getting to a Gigaton
Following AT&T’s commitment to achieving 
net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions14 by 2035, 
we sought a more ambitious goal for the 
enablement of customer GHG emissions 
reductions. In 2021, we retired our 10x goal and 
announced the AT&T Gigaton Goal to deliver 
connectivity solutions that enable business 
customers to save a gigaton (1 billion metric 
tons) of GHG emissions by 2035. 

Our gigaton goal is equivalent in scope to the 
emissions reduction capability of approximately 
215,000 wind turbines running for a year. This 
goal will calculate the cumulative impact of 
emissions savings from 2018, when we first 
calculated AT&T customer emissions reduction 
enablement, until 2035. 

Progress against our gigaton goal will 
be reported annually. From 2018 – 2020, 
cumulative tracked customer emissions 
reductions enabled by AT&T total 72.4 million 
metric tons of CO2e – achieving approximately 
7% of our gigaton goal. 

CO2e EMITTED

CO2e REDUCED*

TONS CO2e

Enabling Customer 
Emissions Reductions
The net zero economy represents tremendous 
business opportunity, as AT&T connectivity can 
help customers across countless industries 
meet climate-related goals. For instance, our IoT 
solutions can help organizations reduce emissions 
by optimizing energy use and streamlining 
transportation, logistics and asset monitoring. 
Our network enables sensors that ensure 
lights are used only when needed and that the 
temperature in cold storage facilities remains at 
optimal levels, reducing electricity consumption 
and cost. We help fleet-intensive businesses 
optimize vehicle routing to minimize fuel burn 
and emissions. And we connect sensors that 
monitor soil conditions so farmers can increase 
production while using less water and fertilizer.

In 2015, we established a 10x goal to enable 
customer carbon savings 10 times the 
footprint of our operations by 2025. This goal 
was intentionally set as a ratio to incentivize 
reduction of AT&T’s operational emissions and 
quantify increases in the emissions savings 
AT&T connectivity enables. 

Through numerous internal initiatives, AT&T’s 
2020 operational footprint decreased to 
approximately 5.8 million metric tons of CO2e. 
2020 tracked customer GHG emissions savings 
enabled by AT&T reached an annualized  
31.3 million metric tons of CO2e – achieving 
nearly 55% of our 2025 10x goal. 

18

Learn more in our Climate Change issue brief. 

BUILDING  
RESILIENCE TO  
CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change is associated with 
increasingly frequent extreme weather. 
Since millions of consumers rely on 
AT&T for vital connectivity, news and 
entertainment we must protect our 
network against disruptions.

Our industry-leading Climate Change 
Analysis Tool helps visualize extreme 
weather events at the neighborhood level 
up to 30 years into the future. In 2020, 
we began work to expand the use of the 
tool from 4 pilot states in the Southeast 
to the entire contiguous U.S. We’re also 
adding analysis capabilities for natural 
disasters such as wildfires and droughts. 
With this tool, AT&T can better take 
climate change into account as we plan 
for network buildouts, maintenance and 
disaster preparedness. 

And to help communities better prepare 
for their own climate-related risks, we’ll 
continue to make the Argonne National 
Laboratory climate datasets developed 
for our tool available to the public.

19

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021ENHANCING  
PUBLIC SAFETY

For the 3rd consecutive year, Frost 
& Sullivan has recognized AT&T for 
innovation in public safety. 

FirstNet MegaRangeTM leverages high-
power user equipment to extend the 
range of a cell site, boosting critical 
coverage for first responders in hard-
to-reach locations such as fortified 
buildings, elevators, underground 
structures and rural areas. 

This functionality can only be 
transmitted using Band 14 spectrum, 
which means FirstNet is the only 
network in the U.S. providing such 
capability for public safety.

Z-Axis for FirstNet enhances traditional
GPS-based location methods with
vertical location capability to help
identify where in a building rescue team
members may be, and on which floor.

This service is the first of its kind to 
be offered to public safety agencies, 
and it’s available exclusively to FirstNet 
subscribers.

Learn more at FirstNet. 

TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION

LEADING
THE WAY

Technologies such as 5G and multi-access edge computing (MEC) 
are rapidly changing how we live, work and engage with the 
world. Never has the power of connectivity been so important 
as consumers, families, businesses and public safety agencies 
identify new applications to enhance our quality of life and 
accelerate economic opportunity.

And the EMMY® goes to… 

Powering Tomorrow’s 
Healthcare
AT&T has deployed 5G capabilities across 
the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) 
Puget Sound Health Care System campus 
in Seattle to pilot healthcare use cases for 
high-bandwidth, low-latency 5G and MEC 
technologies that bring application processing 
closer to the end-user. Teams will explore 
opportunities to improve medical procedures 
and training through emerging technologies 
like augmented reality (AR) and VR. Potential 
use cases include remote or virtual pain 
management using AR and VR, plus remote 
and/or near real-time surgical assistance using 
AR to layer multiple surgical techniques. 

Our collective goal is to improve healthcare 
delivery to the approximately 9 million veterans 
who use VA healthcare services each year.

Learn more in our Technology Innovation issue brief. 

20

In late 2021, AT&T and WarnerMedia will 
be honored by the National Academy of 
Television Arts & Sciences with a Technology 
& Engineering EMMY Award in recognition of 
technical advancements in addressable TV 
advertising. We developed technology to divide 
a single, nationwide advertising market into 85 
local markets, which will help small and mid-
sized advertisers communicate with customers 
more effectively and deliver targeted, relevant 
advertising on a national scale across a 
plethora of pay TV providers.

AT&T IS AT THE FOREFRONT OF 
PROVIDING INDUSTRY-LEADING 
PUBLIC SAFETY SOLUTIONS 
THAT MODERNIZE PUBLIC 
SAFETY COMMUNICATIONS 
AND TRANSFORM EMERGENCY 
REPORTING AND RESPONSE.
Brent Iadarola 
Vice President, Frost & Sullivan

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

People and businesses count on AT&T to protect 
their information and respect their privacy, no 
matter how they interact with our company. 
We work hard to secure personal information 
and have established technical, administrative 
and operational safeguards for our network, 
as well as the information we collect and use. 

PRIVACY, NETWORK SECURITY AND DIGITAL RESPONSIBILITY

SAFETY
FIRST

AT&T is committed to the safety and 
well-being of our customers and society, 
and to helping everyone use our products 
and services in a safer and more responsible 
manner. We’ll continue to find ways to 
provide people with safe, inclusive and 
positive interactions on all screens. 

Championing Privacy 
Within Our Business
AT&T complies with all privacy laws and 
regulations in the domestic and international 
markets where we operate. We secure 
our network and limit access to consumer 
information within the company to those who 
have a business need. Annual compliance training 
for employees includes important content on 
our privacy policies and requirements.

To address privacy-related issues unique to our 
media and advertising business, WarnerMedia 
maintains a dedicated Privacy Center of 
Expertise that coordinates with AT&T’s Chief 
Privacy Officer (CPO). Our CPO is responsible 
for establishing and enforcing the company’s 
privacy principles, policies and commitments 
across all operating companies – providing 
oversight of the business to ensure consumers 
can exercise their individual rights under 
applicable privacy laws. The CPO regularly 
updates executive leadership and the  
AT&T Board of Directors about  
privacy-related issues. 

Learn more in our Privacy issue brief, 
Network & Data Security issue brief, 
and Responsible Use of Products &  
Services issue brief. 

SAFEGUARDING CHILDREN
AT&T believes that technology and 
communications companies must make the 
protection of children a priority. We do this 
by working to protect the privacy of young 
people’s personal data and preserving 
their rights to freedom of expression 
and protection from online predators 
or exploitation. In 2020, we established 
the AT&T Online Safety Committee to 
provide oversight and guidance on digital 
safety issues. And we completed a human 
rights impact assessment across our 
portfolio of products and services to 
better understand risks related to potential 
online child exploitation and sexual abuse 
material. We engage with groups such as 
the WePROTECT Global Alliance and the 
National Center for Missing and Exploited 
Children to promote human rights 
associated with our operations. 

Learn more in our Safeguarding 
Children issue brief.  

21

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PRIVACY, NETWORK SECURITY AND DIGITAL RESPONSIBILITY (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

EDUCATION IS THE FIRST 
LINE OF DEFENSE 
Cyber Aware helps empower and educate 
consumers about email and text scams, 
spam, identity theft and much more. 
In 2020, AT&T increased efforts to raise 
awareness about social engineering 
scams and fraud during the COVID-19 
global pandemic. Together with the 
National Crime Prevention Council, we 
launched a public education campaign 
with the call to action, Don’t Take The Bait 
– Validate!

ScreenReady
Through our ScreenReady program, we 
provide today’s connected families with the 
information and tools they need to create 
safe and positive connections on all screens. In 
2020, we commissioned our 2nd Digital Family 
Poll, benchmarking the changing landscape 
of technology use in today’s households. In 
the poll,15 89% of caregivers indicated parental 
controls are an effective tool to manage teens’ 
digital safety, yet less than half report using 
them. The poll also revealed that teens with 
active parental controls on their devices report 
feeling happier, safer and more productive 
online than those without such supervision. 

Inspired by these insights, AT&T and 
WarnerMedia launched a campaign featuring 
some of DC’s most iconic superheroes – 
Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman – to 
remind caregivers to set parental controls on all 
connected devices in their household. 

Combating Cyberbullying
In 2020, AT&T and Cartoon Network 
supported the Cyberbullying Research 
Center’s first-ever nationally representative 
survey of cyberbullying among U.S. kids ages 
9 – 12, revealing that more than 1 in 5 have 
experienced cyberbullying in some form.

Cartoon Network’s Stop Bullying: Speak Up 
program has reached its 10-year milestone in 
the U.S. and, in conjunction with the CN Buddy 

Network campaign in Europe, the Middle East 
and Africa, has inspired millions of kids to 
promote acceptance through strategies that 
help everyone feel included. 

AT&T Mexico is collaborating with the NEMI 
Foundation on the Si Fueras tú project, a 
series of awareness workshops and materials 
that have helped thousands of students and 
teachers promote a culture of cyberbullying 
prevention in school. 

#ItCanWait
For more than a decade, AT&T has been 
working to help end distracted driving in 
the U.S. and Mexico. Since 2010, our It Can 
Wait campaign has generated more than 
40 million pledges to drive distraction-free.

Learn more in our Responsible Use 
of Products & Services issue brief. 

Establishing Network Security 
and Reliability
Our Chief Security Office (CSO) establishes 
global policy and programmatic requirements 
to ensure security is a part of every 
organization within the company, and 
hundreds of highly trained CSO professionals 
and department-level security specialists 
across our business focus on compliance. The 
AT&T Security Policy and Requirements align 
to numerous international security standards 
and laws, and apply to all employees, 
contractors and suppliers. AT&T maintains 
2 global ISO 27001 certifications covering 
our global IP infrastructure as well as certain 
customer-facing products and services.

Our ability to apply automated threat 
detection technologies to the analysis of 
network data is critical to helping safeguard 
our infrastructure as the volume of attempted 
cyberattacks grows each year. AT&T’s threat 
management program provides 24/7, 
near-real-time data correlation, situational 
awareness reporting, active incident 
investigation, case management, trending 
analysis and predictive security alerting.

Our CSO shares regular reports on our 
cybersecurity efforts with the Audit 
Committee of the AT&T Board of Directors. 

Learn more in our Network & Data 
Security issue brief.

22

AT&T BELIEVES

A HELPING 
HAND

Internal research shows that employees 
participating in volunteerism and other 
community engagement programs are more 
likely to recommend AT&T as a place to work, 
stay at AT&T longer and feel better about 
working for the company. 

AT&T Believes is our company-wide, localized 
effort to combine employees’ passion, 
creativity and generosity of time and resources 
with AT&T’s longstanding relationships with 
external organizations. The initiative seeks to 
maximize impact across more than 40 markets 
around the world, focusing on needs such as 
digital access, the homework gap, building job 
skills for a digital world and basic necessities in 
times of crisis.

In 2020, Believe New YorkSM helped the YMCA  
of Greater New York create a childcare 
program for area families most impacted by 
remote schooling. Believe DetroitTM worked 
with the governor’s office and Michigan 
Restaurants Association to deliver meals to  
first responders caring for COVID-19 
patients. And AT&T Believes markets helped 
distribute $5.5 million to support economic 
empowerment for Black communities. 

We launched AT&T Believes in India, Slovakia, 
Czechia, Ireland and the UK last year – 
collaborating with 32 non-profits that support 
causes such as meals for underserved students 
in India, the needs of homeless people in 
Slovakia and demand for job-readiness 
programs across Europe.

In 2021, in collaboration with Udacity and 
Coursera, AT&T will grant approximately 2,300 
scholarships to help underserved students 
achieve their career aspirations, distributed in 
AT&T Believes markets across the U.S.

AT&T believes in the communities 
where we live and work. We have a 
long history of being there when it 
counts, because the strength of our 
business depends on the strength of 
our neighbors. 

Supporting First Responders

In the wake of COVID-19, in 2020 AT&T committed $5.5 million to work 
with Feeding America, The Salvation Army, Team Rubicon and World 
Central Kitchen – providing more than 25 million meals in support of first 
responders, medical personnel and others in need.

We were able to:

provide
25M+

reach
81

support
60+

meal s

cities

food banks

Learn more in our Community 
Engagement issue brief. 

23

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

DOING WHAT
WE SAY

Board of Directors Oversight 
The Public Policy and Corporate Reputation 
Committee (PPCRC) of the AT&T Board of 
Directors (Board) assists the Board in its 
oversight of ESG-related policies and issues 
affecting AT&T, including the digital divide; 
diversity, equity and inclusion; education of 
our current and future workforce; employee 
volunteerism; privacy; human rights; climate 
resilience; digital well-being; ESG reporting; 
and disclosures of political contributions 
and government data requests. Members of 
the PPCRC come from diverse professional 
and cultural backgrounds, giving them the 
experience, depth of knowledge, judgment 
and vision to challenge our assumptions and 
continuously improve our work.

The PPCRC also oversees our policies for 
philanthropic giving, which include corporate 
contributions approved by the AT&T 
Contributions Council and grants approved 
by the AT&T Foundation. The Contributions 
Council and AT&T Foundation are composed of 
senior executives charged with the supervision 
of our philanthropic investments. 

Our Chief Sustainability Officer participates in 
PPCRC meetings, in addition to having periodic 
discussions with board members about 
ESG issues.

Additional Board committees oversee activities 
that impact ESG topics. For example, the Audit 
Committee reviews our cybersecurity and 
financial risk exposures and steps to mitigate 
them. The Audit Committee also oversees 
internal controls as well as our corporate 
compliance program. And the Corporate 
Development and Finance Committee 
oversees capital investments and the 
implementation of key technology decisions.

Learn more about our Board 
committees and their charters. 

ESG POLICIES 
Foundational policies, including the codes of business 
conduct that govern our operating companies, put our 
values into action and detail our commitment to ethics, 
diversity, privacy, the environment and our communities. 
These guidelines and expectations inform how we do 
business and how we interact with customers, suppliers, 
our communities and each other.

See a list of our policies:  
https://about.att.com/csr/home/governance/policies.html. 

AT&T BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
PUBLIC POLICY AND CORPORATE REPUTATION COMMITTEE 
Glenn H. Hutchins, (PPCRC Chairman), Chairman, North Island and Co-Founder, Silver Lake 

Samuel A. Di Piazza, Jr., retired Global Chief Executive Officer, PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited 

William E. Kennard, (Chairman of the AT&T Board of Directors) former U.S. Ambassador to 
the European Union and former Chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission 

Debra L. Lee, Chief Executive Officer, Leading Women Defined, Inc. and former Chairman & 
CEO, BET Networks 

GOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIP

REINFORCING

OUR

Com m i t m ent

AT&T’s commitment to corporate responsibility 
means embedding it across our business, with strong 
governance at every level of the company.

25   

27   

28 

 Corporate Social Responsibility

 Stakeholder Engagement 

 ESG Reporting

24

25

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021CSR GOVERNANCE COUNCIL
Corey Anthony, Senior Vice President, 
Human Resources and Chief Diversity and 
Development Officer

Michael Bowling, President, DIRECTV 
Latin America – AT&T International 

Len Cali, Senior Vice President,  
Global Public Policy 

Anne Chow, Chief Executive Officer,  
AT&T Business – AT&T Communications 

Andre Fuetsch, Chief Technology Officer, 
Network Services – AT&T Communications 

Christy Haubegger, Executive Vice 
President, Communications and Chief 
Inclusion Officer – WarnerMedia

Susan Johnson, Executive Vice President, 
Global Connections and Supply Chain  
– AT&T Communications 

Jerrie Kertz, Senior Vice President, 
Compliance 

Charlene Lake, Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Social Responsibility and  
Chief Sustainability Officer 

Amy Leifer, Executive Vice President, 
Operations and Services, Xandr – 
WarnerMedia 

Amir Rozwadowski, Senior Vice President, 
Finance and Investor Relations 

Larry Solomon, Chief Communications 
Officer 

Valerie Vargas, Senior Vice President, 
Consumer Advertising – AT&T 
Communications 

Rick Welday, Executive Vice President and 
General Manager, Broadband and Video, 
AT&T Consumer – AT&T Communications 

Business unit representation on the CSR 
Governance Council regularly evolves with 
the changing needs and structure of our 
business. For a current list of members, visit 
about.att.com/csr/council. 

26
26

CSR Governance  
Council & Committees
Our CSR Governance Council is led by our 
Chief Sustainability Officer and is comprised of 
officers from each of our operating companies 
with responsibility for business operations 
aligned to our most important ESG focus areas. 
The council meets 3 – 4 times per year and 
collaborates across a broad range of issues, 
competencies and perspectives.

In addition to the council, we convene 5 
core issue committees led by senior CSR 
management: Community, Employee 
Activation, Environment, Human Rights and 
Online Safety. These committees work closely 
with experts throughout our operating 
companies and regions to implement and 
enhance programs and policies that address 
ESG issues across AT&T.

Corporate Political 
Contributions
Participating in the democratic process includes 
corporate contributions related to the electoral 
process. AT&T’s engagement with elected 
officials and policymakers is guided by our 
values, codes of business conduct and public 
policy positions. In short, we’re committed 
to ensuring the interests of our business, 
customers and employees are top of mind – 
without regard to political party affiliation. 

To that end, we have a robust internal 
authorization process for all political 
engagement activities. The Public Policy 
and Corporate Reputation Committee of the 
AT&T Board of Directors receives our full list 
of corporate political contributions and has 
an opportunity to provide guidance.

We may make corporate political contributions 
to state and local candidates, political parties, 
political action committees (PACs) and ballot 
measure committees. We do not make 
corporate political contributions to federal 
political parties or candidates for federal office.

Employee Political 
Contributions
Our employees can also participate in the 
political process through 30 employee-led 
state PACs and an employee-led federal PAC 
that may support federal and state candidates, 
independent of company political engagement 
positions or activities. AT&T employee PACs are 
voluntary and non-partisan, and provide eligible 
non-union AT&T employees an opportunity to 
collectively support public policy positions that 
are important to AT&T. 

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

istock 1199741217

AT&T’s investor relations team 
and senior leaders conduct 
hundreds of meetings per year 
with investors, analysts and major 
shareholders, discussing topics 
such as our corporate strategy 
and commitment to ESG issues.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

ESSENTIAL
TOUCHPOINTS

This process provides valuable insight into how 
AT&T should align our resources, reporting 
and communications. And we supplement this 
effort by continuously monitoring emerging 
ESG issues and current events, adjusting our 
programs and resources, as appropriate.

Reputation Measurement
On a monthly basis, AT&T surveys stakeholders 
to assess their perception of our corporate 
reputation and brand, including the emotional 
attachment of consumers who state they are 
familiar with our company’s operations. We 
measure interest and awareness of specific 
AT&T corporate responsibility programs and 
emerging social issues, and sample impressions 
of programs in development.

Our measurements confirm that awareness of 
AT&T corporate responsibility efforts improves 
company reputation – which in turn positively 
affects key business metrics such as willingness 
to buy or recommend, and willingness to give 
AT&T the benefit of the doubt in difficult times.

Leadership Oversight
The results of our ongoing stakeholder 
engagement efforts are reported to the 
CSR Governance Council, senior company 
officers and the Public Policy and Corporate 
Reputation Committee of the AT&T Board of 
Directors. The insights gained help guide our 
corporate responsibility strategy and goals, 
improve business operations and policies, 
ensure transparent reporting and prioritize 
programmatic investments and collaboration 
across the business.

Ongoing stakeholder 
engagement is a critical part 
of our work and governance, 
helping us anticipate emerging 
risks and opportunities, and  
adapt to change. 

Organizations across AT&T – such as CSR, 
external affairs, investor relations and 
finance – participate in regular dialogue and 
structured collaboration throughout the 
year with stakeholder groups including: AT&T 
employees, business and consumer customers, 
investors, suppliers, distributors, government 
and non-government organizations, as well as 
programmatic and community organizations.

Every 2 – 3 years, we conduct a formal 
assessment that engages thousands of 
internal and external stakeholders to identify 
and prioritize our company’s most significant 
ESG impacts and focus areas. In Q4 2019, we 
concluded our most recent company-wide 
assessment. 

Learn more about the findings from  
our latest stakeholder assessment at 
about.att.com/csr/reporting. 

Stakeholder Assessment Tier 1 Priorities

Privacy

Network quality & reliability

Technology innovation

Affordability & accessibility

Talent attraction,  
engagement & retention

Building digital skills

Network data & security

Employee diversity,  
equality & inclusion

Energy efficiency & renewables

E-waste & product  
end-of-life management

Climate change &  
GHG emissions

  Environmental

   Governance/
Economic

  Social

  Workforce

27

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021AT&T ESG Summary 2020/2021

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

ESG REPORTING

STRAIGHT

TALK

We detail ESG performance through 
robust annual public reporting, which many 
stakeholders recognize as best-in-class. We 
strive to present data in a modular format 
that’s responsive to a variety of needs and 
interests, and our levels of transparency 
have been recognized by leading third-party 
measurement organizations. The governance 
of our ESG reporting is internally validated 
by our finance organization and quantitative 
environmental measures (emissions and 
energy use) are externally assured.  

We report in alignment with the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
standards and disclosure frameworks from 
CDP (climate change), the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), 
the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and 
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
We publish diversity, equity and inclusion 
reports outlining our progress cultivating 
workplace diversity across AT&T and content 
diversity across WarnerMedia. And we 
publish regional GRI-aligned reports detailing 
corporate responsibility efforts across our 
Latin  American operations.

Political Engagement 
Reporting
Through our biannual Political Engagement 
Report, we describe how AT&T participates 
in the political process and disclose company 
U.S. political contributions – as well as those of 
AT&T employee PACs. 

For the last 2 years, AT&T has received the 
leading Trendsetter designation from the CPA-
Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure 
and Accountability, for transparent disclosure 
of our political engagement spend.

Transparency Reporting
Like all companies, we’re required by law to 
provide information to government and law 
enforcement entities, as well as to parties to 
civil lawsuits, by complying with court orders, 
subpoenas, lawful discovery requests and 
other legal requirements. Our Transparency 
Report lists the number and types of legal 
demands that have compelled AT&T to 
provide information about communications 
on our network or our customers, as well as 
information permitted by law to be disclosed 
about Foreign Intelligence Surveillance 
Act requests.

RATINGS AND RANKINGS
•  AT&T has been named to the 
Bloomberg Gender Equality Index 
for 4 consecutive years, since its 
2018 expansion beyond the financial 
services sector. 

•  AT&T has scored in the Leadership 
Level for the CDP Climate Change 
assessment for the 5th consecutive
year, earning an A- score each year. 

•  For the 4th consecutive year, 
AT&T is the only U.S.-based 
telecommunications services provider
on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
North America. 

•  For 2021, AT&T is the JUST 100 
telecommunications industry leader 
and is ranked 8th overall on the JUST 
Capital list of America’s 100 most just 
companies. We’ve been recognized on 
the list since its 2018 inception.

For a detailed look into all our work from 
the past year, visit our ESG reporting 
website at about.att.com/csr/reporting.

PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS

MEASURING

OUR

I m p a c t

As we near or reach attainment of our 2020 and 
2025 goals, we’re setting our sights even higher – 
identifying new measures that continue to push us 
and reflect the direction of our evolving business.

30    Environment

35 

 Governance

33   

Social

37    Our Path to 2030 

28

29

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

PROGRESS 
TOWARD OUR GOALS

ENVIRONMENT

OUR NETWORK AND OPERATIONS

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

Reduce our Scope 1 
GHG emissions 20% 
using a 2008 baseline of 
1,354,054 metric tons of 
CO2e. 

 22.8% 
Our reported Scope 1 emissions were 1,044,751 metric tons 
of CO2e in 2020. We exceeded our target and this represents a 
22.8% reduction compared to our 2008 baseline. Year-over-year, 
our Scope 1 GHG emissions are up 5.4% from 2019, as the result of 
our 2020 decision to begin reporting all refrigerants as in-scope.

Reduce our absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions14 63% (against 
2015 baseline) – aligning 
with a 1.5°C pathway. 

 37% 
This target was approved by the Science Based Targets 
initiative in 2021, as an expansion of a previously approved 
26% reduction target. 

Our reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 5,788,258 metric tons 
of CO2e in 2020. This represents a 37% reduction compared to our 
2015 baseline of 8,766,803 metric tons of CO2e. 

Product 
Efficiency

Achieve carbon 
neutrality (net zero 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions14) by 2035. 

 736,785 metric tons of CO2e 
Our reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 5,788,258 
metric tons of CO2e in 2020. This represents a year-over-year 
reduction of 736,785 metric tons (or 11.3%) from 2019.

Device 
Recycling

Reduce the GHG 
emissions of our U.S. 
fleet 30% using a 2008 
baseline of 865,777 
metric tons of CO2e.

 38.4% 
We exceeded our target and through the end of 2020 have 
reduced U.S. ground fleet emissions by 332,658 metric tons of 
CO2e or 38.4% from our 2008 baseline. In addition to reducing 
the size of our domestic fleet by more than 8,000 vehicles, 81% 
of passenger sedans procured for our domestic fleet since 
2019 are hybrid vehicles. 

2020

2030

2035

2020

GHG 
Emissions

Fleet 
Management

30

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

2020

Expand alternative 
energy use through on-
site capacity and pursuit 
of off-site renewables.

Alternative 
and Renewable 
Energy

Expanded our clean energy portfolio 
In addition to our on-site solar and fuel cell installations, 
AT&T is one of the largest corporate purchasers of renewable 
energy in the U.S. and we’ll continue to expand our portfolio, where 
feasible. As part of our previous commitment to purchase more 
than 1.5 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity domestically, in 
2020, we announced an agreement representing more than 
500 megawatts of solar energy – the largest U.S. corporate solar 
energy deal to date.

The estimated energy production of our domestic renewable energy 
portfolio is more than 2.3 GWh annually, with more than 4.7 million 
kWh coming from on-site sources and more than 2.31 billion kWh 
from our off-site solar and wind contracts currently in production. 

In Argentina, we’ve reached a 1,200 MWh/year agreement to 
contribute renewable energy to the grid supporting our DIRECTV 
central office through 2025. And in Mexico, we’re implementing 
a 40 GWh/year agreement to supply renewable energy to 
approximately 1,200 network sites.

PRODUCTS AND VALUE CHAIN

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

2020

2020

Provide sustainability 
information for all 
AT&T-branded network-
connected consumer 
mobile devices.  

Rated 100% of eligible devices 
We reached our target and, in 2020, continued to score 
100% of eligible mobile device models under our Eco-Ratings 
system, which rates products from 1 to 5 stars for 20 different 
environmental and social criteria across 5 different categories. 

Collect 200 million 
devices for reuse, 
refurbishment or 
recycling by  
end-of-year 2020. 

Refurbished or recycled 
229 million devices   
We exceeded our target and have refurbished or 
recycled approximately 229 million devices since 2007.16 
This includes approximately: 

• 113.9 million DIRECTV set-top box devices 

• 16.9 million broadband devices 

• 26.2 million U-verse set-top box devices 

• 72.1 million mobility devices 

• 238,000 home security devices

31

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)

PRODUCTS AND VALUE CHAIN (CONTINUED)

SOCIAL

OUR COMMUNITIES

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

Committed more than $600 million 
Since 2008, we’ve committed more than $600 million 
to programs that help students succeed in school and 
discover their career passions and potential.

2020

Education  
and Training 

In support of 
GradNation’s goal to 
increase the U.S. high 
school graduation rate 
to 90% by the class 
of 2020.17 AT&T will 
invest in education 
and training programs 
that use technology 
to address education 
challenges, help 
students get through 
high school and beyond, 
and provide the skills 
needed to get and keep 
good jobs. 

Customer 
Greenhouse Gas 
Methodology

Social and 
Environmental 
Impact

Customer 
Emissions Savings 
Enablement

2020

2020

2025

2035

Develop and deploy a 
robust methodology to 
understand the impact 
of the AT&T network’s 
GHG emissions on 
society.

Demonstrate 
positive social and 
environmental impacts 
of AT&T-connected 
devices and solutions 
through internal and 
external collaboration. 

By 2025, AT&T will 
enable carbon savings 
10 times the footprint 
of our operations by 
enhancing the efficiency 
of our network and 
delivering sustainable 
customer solutions. 

Deliver connectivity 
solutions that enable 
business customers 
to reduce a gigaton 
(1 billion metric tons) 
of GHG emissions by 
2035.  

Measuring and reporting 
our GHG impact   
Working with leading non-government organizations, industry 
groups and peer companies, AT&T developed a credible 
methodology to measure the GHG impacts of customers’ use 
of AT&T technology in an effort to track progress against our 
10x carbon reduction goal. 

Developing innovative solutions 
and sharing case studiess   
AT&T continues to develop innovative technologies such as AI, 
VR and the IoT that can, by collaborating internally and externally, 
improve quality of life and the world around us – especially in 
the areas of GHG, health, accessibility, public safety, education 
and more. We collaborate internally and externally on these 
initiatives and highlight our solutions in published case studies. 
Read more at business.att.com/categories/iot-for-good and  
att.com/gigaton. 

Enabled customer GHG emissions 
reductions 5.5x our footprint 
Through numerous internal initiatives, AT&T’s 2020 operational 
footprint decreased to approximately 5.8 million metric tons of 
CO2e. 2020 tracked customer GHG emissions savings enabled 
by AT&T reached an annualized 31.3 million metric tons of CO2e – 
achieving approximately 55% of our 2025 10x goal. 

In 2021, seeking a more ambitious goal for the enablement of 
customer GHG emissions reductions, we retired our 10x goal and 
announced the AT&T Gigaton Goal (see below).

Enabled 72.4 million metric tons 
of customer emissions savings   
We announced our gigaton goal in 2021 and will 
report progress annually. This goal will calculate the 
cumulative impact of emissions savings from 2018, when we 
first calculated AT&T customer emissions reduction enablement, 
until 2035. From 2018-2020, cumulative tracked customer 
emissions reductions enabled by AT&T total 72.4 million metric 
tons of CO2e – achieving approximately 7% of our gigaton goal.  
Read more at att.com/gigaton.

32

33

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

SOCIAL (CONTINUED)

OUR COMMUNITIES (CONTINUED)

GOVERNANCE

SUPPLY CHAIN

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

2020

Sustainable 
Sourcing 
Standards

Lead our supply chain 
to improve its social 
and environmental 
impacts by integrating 
sustainability 
performance metrics 
into our sourcing 
decisions for 80% 
of our spend.19  

2020

Supplier  
Diversity Spend

In 2019 – 2020, spend 
$3 billion with Black-
owned suppliers across 
the U.S.

Integrated sustainability performance 
metrics for 80% of spend  
In 2020, we achieved our goal to integrate sustainability 
performance metrics into our sourcing decisions for 80% of our 
spend. AT&T Global Connections and Supply Chain continued 
to require suppliers to adhere to our Principles of Conduct for 
Suppliers through our Supplier Portal and contract agreements. 
We led 2 on-site supplier factory audits as a member of JAC. 
We continue to incorporate sustainability-oriented standards 
and analyses into sourcing decisions, including the insertion of 
sustainability clauses into requests for proposals (RFPs) and 
agreements, training our sourcing managers on the principles 
of sustainability and providing updates to sourcing managers 
on the sustainability performance of existing suppliers. 

We have extended this goal through 2025 and will continue 
reporting progress annually.

Spent $3.1 billion with  
Black-owned suppliers 
We exceeded our 2-year target and through the end of 2020, spent 
$3.1 billion with Black-owned suppliers across lines of business 
including legal, professional services, warehousing, logistics, 
advertising and marketing services, fuel, construction and 
engineering, property management and fiber installation.

2020

Support technology 
applications that solve 
educational challenges 
through the AT&T Aspire 
Accelerator. 

Educational 
Technology 
Solutions 

2022

Host 200 Year Up 
interns annually. 

Internship 
Opportunities 

2025

Advanced 
Degrees

AT&T will promote 
STEM training through 
ongoing education 
programs. 

Launched Aspire Accelerator  
$1 Million Skills Building Challenge 
In 2020, we launched another cohort for the Aspire Accelerator 
$1 Million Skills Building Challenge, which provides financial 
investment, access to expert services and mentorship to 
education startups dedicated to skills development. Companies 
participating in our 6 previous cohorts are currently reaching more 
than 45 million students and have attracted more than $50 million 
in external funding after graduating from the program. 

Hosted 65 Year Up interns 
In 2020, we hosted 65 Year Up interns at AT&T around 
the U.S. and have revised our goal due to delays in 
placements caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Through our revised goal, we will host and hire 200 Year 
Up interns and alumni annually by 2023. 

Investing in credential 
and degree programs  
Inspired by Lumina Foundation’s goal to increase the number 
of Americans with high-quality post-secondary degrees or 
credentials to 60% by 2025,18 AT&T has invested in credentialing, 
certification or specialized degree programs that help propel 
students in their careers. Highlights include: 

•  Support for Udacity Nanodegree programs that provide online 
educational pathways to industry-relevant skills. 

•  Contributions to Per Scholas to support software engineering 
and cybersecurity instructions, certification and career coaching. 

•  Collaboration with the University of Oklahoma, Notre Dame, 
North Carolina A&T State University, the University of Texas at 
El Paso, Hampton University and Champlain College to create 
opportunities for degrees or certifications in specialized fields. 

In 2021, we evolved our strategy to focus on helping bridge the 
digital divide and announced a 3-year, $2 billion commitment 
to help bring affordability, educational resources and economic 
opportunity to the millions of Americans who don’t have 
broadband connectivity today. 

With this revised focus, we will no longer be tracking progress 
toward this Advanced Degrees target.

34

35

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

SUPPLY CHAIN (CONTINUED)

TOPIC

TARGET YEAR

TARGET

PROGRESS

2024

2025

Supplier Science-
Based GHG 
Emissions Targets 

Supplier 
Sustainability 
Measurement 

Work to ensure 50% of 
our suppliers (covering 
purchased goods and 
services, capital goods 
and downstream leased 
assets as a portion 
of spend) set their 
own science-based 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG targets.

Help establish 
clear, agreed-upon 
industry sustainability 
metrics to measure 
the environmental 
and social impact of 
technology supply 
chains. 

Promote the use of 
sustainability metrics in 
industry sourcing.

Develop and follow 
an industry roadmap 
toward truly sustainable 
performance among our 
suppliers.

40% of suppliers have set  
science-based GHG emissions targets 
This target was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative 
in 2020. Through the end of 2020, 40% of our suppliers by spend 
have set science-based GHG targets. 

Amazing things happen when 
potential meets opportunity. 
We’re committed to helping 
people thrive in an increasingly 
connected world.

Collaborating with industry-leading 
organizations  
To evaluate our suppliers on social and environmental criteria, 
we work with multiple industry organizations, including: 

•  TIA-QuEST Forum: AT&T helps lead the working group 
advancing the adoption of the TIA Sustainability Assessor tool, 
which we also use with our own suppliers. 

•  CDP: AT&T requests that our strategic suppliers respond to the 
annual CDP supply chain survey, which we use to gather their 
GHG emissions data, reduction goals and associated progress. 

•  JAC: We work with JAC to conduct CSR audits of our suppliers’ 
manufacturing facilities, the results of which are shared with 
JAC member telecommunications companies. 

•  Sustainable Purchasing Leadership Council (SPLC): AT&T
uses guidance documents provided by the SPLC, which provide 
information on sustainable purchasing standards, tools in 
the market and guidance for conducting RFx (request for) 
purchasing evaluations.

Such industry collaboration is ongoing and as we look forward to 
our new collection of goals for 2030 and beyond we will no longer 
be tracking progress toward this target.

OUR PATH TO 2030

LOOKING
FORWARD

Everyone should have access to the tools and resources to fulfill their potential. We’re committed to helping people thrive by narrowing the digital divide, 
addressing climate change and supporting our communities in times of need. Through the power of broadband connectivity, AT&T brings opportunity to 
life for individuals, businesses and communities every day around the globe. 

We’ll act on this vision by finding new ways to connect and innovate. 

CONNECT

INNOVATE

Provide connectivity, resources and collaboration 
to create equitable opportunity for people and 
communities to thrive in a connected world.

Innovate and lead in broadband-powered  
climate solutions to create a healthy and 
connected planet where everyone can thrive.

Through connectivity and innovation, AT&T has set goals to improve lives and foster a more equitable, prosperous society through 2030 and beyond. 
Recognizing societal needs are constantly changing, we’ll continuously evaluate our opportunity to drive impact and evolve operational goals and 
targets accordingly.

The world is in an unprecedented time. While the challenges we face are significant, the opportunity is even greater. Together, we can realize our vision 
for a connected world where all people can thrive.

36

37

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021PROGRESS TOWARD OUR GOALS (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

OUR PATH TO 2030 (CONTINUED)

CONNECT

Provide connectivity and resources to create 
equitable opportunity for people to learn 
and thrive. 

•  Invest $2 billion by 2024 to help bridge 
the digital divide.

•  By 2025, provide 1 million K-12 students 
with the technology and/or skills needed
to succeed through the AT&T Connected
Learning program.

•  Reach 60,000 schools in Latin America 
through ESCUELA+ by 2030.

•  Reach 1 million people with tools and 
resources to engage safely and positively 
on all screens by 2030.

•  Engage 50% of our employees 
worldwide in communities through
grassroots volunteerism and giving
initiatives by 2030.

•  Beyond emergency response and 
network disaster recovery, help 1 million 
people prepare for and recover from the 
impacts of disasters by 2030. 

Innovate and lead in broadband-powered climate 
solutions to create a healthier and more connected 
planet where everyone can thrive.

•  Achieve carbon neutrality for Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2035.

–  Achieve our science-based target to 

reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG
emissions 63% (2015 base year) by 2030.

•  Deliver connectivity solutions that enable 
business customers to reduce a gigaton 
(1 billion metric tons) of GHG emissions 
by 2035.

•  Reduce the amount of U.S. waste we send 
to landfill 30% (2019 base year) by 2030.

•  Achieve 15% reduction (2019 base year) in 
U.S. water use in areas of high/extremely 
high water stress by 2030.

•  Integrate sustainability performance 
metrics into our supply chain sourcing 
decisions for 80% of our spend by 2025.

•  Work to ensure that 50% of our 
suppliers (covering purchased goods 
and services, capital goods and 
downstream leased assets as a portion 
of spend) set their own science-based 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG targets by 2024.

INNOVATE

KEY PERFORMANCE 
INDICATORS

37%

Reduction since 2015  
in global Scope 1 and  
2 GHG emissions 

24.5%

Percentage of AT&T 
Communications spend 
in 2020 with businesses 
owned by minorities, 
women, veterans, 
LGBTQ+ people and 
those with disabilities8

$288.5M

Amount of corporate 
and foundation 
philanthropic 
giving in 202020

 Environment
 Supply chain
 Workforce
 Communities

GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS

ENERGY MANAGEMENT

CARBON FOOTPRINT
U.S. Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon 
footprint (GHG emissions)21

Global Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon 
footprint (GHG emissions)

ELECTRICITY
Total electricity use (global direct 
billed and leased electricity)

ENERGY PROJECTS
Annualized energy cost savings 
from energy projects

(metric tons of CO2e)

(metric tons of CO2e)

(MWh, million)

(U.S. dollars, million)

7,932,357

8,614,713

14.1

,

2
5
2
0
2
6
1
1

,

,

9
6
1
6
1
7
0
1

,

,

5
0
0
1
8
0
1
1

,

,

8
8
4
7
8
3
9

,

,

7
5
3
2
3
9
7

,

,

9
9
9
5
9
2
2
1

,

,

9
1
2
9
3
6
1
1

,

,

3
7
8
5
3
0
2
1

,

,

8
0
3
9
1
4
0
1

,

.

1
5
1

.

3
4
1

.

3
4
1

.

1
4
1

.

1
4
1

,

3
1
7
4
1
6
8

,

40.0

.

0
8
4
1

.

0
1
0
1

.

1
1
5

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

.

8
9
3

’19

.

0
0
4

’20

GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY
Scope 1 & 2 GHG  emissions 
relative to annual revenue

Scope 1 & 2 GHG  emissions 
relative to total number of 
subscribers22

ENERGY INTENSITY
Electricity consumption relative 
to annual revenue 

Electricity consumption 
relative to total number of 
subscribers22, 23

(metric tons of CO2e/$ billion revenue)

(metric tons of CO2e/1,000 subscribers)

(MWh electricity/$ billion revenue)

(MWh electricity/1,000 subscribers)

33,700

25.39

82,144

61.89

7
2
3
4
5

,

6
5
9
9
4

,

3
8
3
5
4

,

2
1
0
6
3

,

0
0
7
3
3

,

.

2
9
2
4

.

1
6
6
3

.

1
2
8
3

.

9
5
0
3

9
3
5
2

.

1
9
0
4
9

,

4
7
2
1
9

,

3
0
8
5
8

,

7
5
5
7
7

,

4
4
1
2
8

,

.

3
7
4
8

1
3
7
7

.

3
8
2
7

.

8
8
5
6

.

9
8
1
6

.

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

38

39

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021KPIs (CONTINUED)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

WASTE MANAGEMENT

WATER 
MANAGEMENT

RESPONSIBLE  
SUPPLY CHAIN

WORKFORCE

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

E-WASTE
DIRECTV set-top boxes reused  
or recycled16

U-verse set-top boxes reused  
or recycled16 

WATER FOOTPRINT
Absolute water consumption26, 27

(million)

6.6+

(million)

3.9+

(gallons, billion)

2.678

+
1
2
1

.

+
1
1
1

.

+
8
1
1

.

+
2

.

5
1

+
9
4

.

+
8
2

.

+
6
6

.

+
9
3

.

+
9
3

.

+
6
3

.

2
0
7
2

.

0
0
6
2

.

1
5
5
2

.

1
1
0
3

.

8
7
6
2

.

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
Percentage of total supply chain 
spend with business enterprises 
owned by minorities, women, 
veterans, LGBTQ+ people and 
those with disabilities8

(%)

24.5

EMPLOYEE HEALTH 
& WELFARE
Number of employees, retirees 
and eligible dependents offered 
health and welfare benefits28

UNION JOBS
Percentage of union-represented 
employees9 

EMPLOYEE PARTICIPATION
Percentage of employees 
that participate in volunteer 
programs32, 33

Average employee giving per 
employee donor34

(million)

1.0

(%)

~37

(%)

9

(U.S. dollars) 

336

.

3
4
2

2

.

5
2

.

8
6
2

.

4
6
2

.

5
4
2

.

1
1

.

1
1

.

1
1

0
1

.

0
1

.

8
4
~

6
4
~

0
4
~

0
4
~

7
3
~

7
1

5
1

5
1

3
1

2
1
3

0
0
3

9
0
3

7
3
3

6
3
3

9

Broadband devices reused  
or recycled16

Mobility devices reused  
or recycled16

(million)

3.1+

+
5
5

.

+
7
4

.

(million)

10.8+

+
4
3

.

+
1
3

.

+
9
6

.

+
0
8

.

+
2
8

.

+
8
7

.

+
8
0
1

.

7
8
9
1

.

4
7
9
1

.

2
0
9
1

.

3
6
6
1

.

9
5
5
1

.

WATER INTENSITY
Water consumption relative to 
annual revenue26

(gallons/$ thousand revenue) 

15.59

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

TOTAL WASTE
Total waste managed  
by AT&T24, 25  

WASTE RECYCLED
Percentage of total waste 
recycled24, 25 

Water consumption relative to 
total number of subscribers22, 26

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

NETWORK QUALITY 
& RELIABILITY

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
Investment in networks, 
platforms or systems

(U.S. dollars, billion)

15.7

.

4
2
2

.

6
1
2

.

3
1
2

.

6
9
1

.

7
5
1

(metric tons)

(%)

(gallons/individual subscriber)

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

199,749

40.05

11.75

5
4
6
5
4
2

,

9
4
7
9
9
1

,

5
9
3
1
0
2

,

5
6
8
1
9
1

,

4
7
7
3

.

5
4
7
3

.

.

5
0
0
4

6
8
4
1

.

1
8
3
1

.

0
6
3
3

.

.

2
1
4
1

9
6
2
1

.

5
7
1
1

.

’17

’18

’19

’20

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

CODE OF BUSINESS 
CONDUCT
Employee training completion on 
the Code of Business Conduct29 

EMPLOYEE SAFETY
OSHA total recordable 
occupational injury and  
illness rate30, 31

PHILANTHROPIC GIVING
Total amount of corporate and 
AT&T Foundation-giving20

(%)

98.4

(per 100 employees)

(U.S. dollars, million)

1.16

288.5

.

0
8
9

.

0
9
9

.

0
9
9

.

8
8
9

.

4
8
9

1
8
1

.

6
8
1

.

7
0
2

.

0
9
1

.

.

5
8
8
2

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

6
1
1

.

.

0
1
2
1

.

7
0
2
1

.

0
2
0
1

.

9
3
4
1

EMPLOYEE TRAINING INVESTMENTS
Amount invested in direct 
employee training and 
development programs9

Amount invested in tuition 
assistance for employees9

(U.S. dollars, million)

(U.S. dollars, million)

166

0
5
2

0
2
2

0
0
2

0
0
2

6
6
1

15.8

.

0
4
3

.

0
0
3

.

0
4
2

.

0
8
1

.

8
5
1

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

’16

’17

’18

’19

’20

40

41

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021RECOGNITION

3BL Media  
100 Best Corporate Citizens 
(2011 – 2021) 

Bloomberg  
Gender Equality Index (2018 – 2021)

CDP  
Climate Change, Leadership Level 
A- score (2016 – 2020)

Disability Equality Index 
Best Places to Work for Disability 
Inclusion (2020)

Diversity Best Practices 
Inclusion Index (2020)

DiversityInc 
Top 50 Companies for Diversity  
(2001, 2007 – 2019, 2021)  
Hall of Fame (2020)  
Top Companies for ESG (2020 – 2021)

Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
North America (2010 – 2013, 2017 – 2020)

Ethisphere 
World’s Most Ethical Companies  
(2020 – 2021)

Fortune 
World’s Most Admired Companies 
(2009 – 2010, 2012, 2014 – 2015,  
2017 – 2021)

Great Place to Work 
Best Workplaces for Diversity 
(2016 – 2020)

Hispanic Association on  Corporate 
Responsibility Corporate Inclusion 
Index (2020)

Human Rights Campaign Corporate 
Equality Index (2004 – 2021)

JUST Capital 
JUST 100 (2018 – 2021)
Top 100 Companies Supporting Healthy 
Families and Communities (2019, 2021)

Points of Light 
The Civic 50 (2012 – 2021)

Introduction

Global Challenges  
and Opportunities

Governance  
and Leadership

Progress Toward  
Our Goals

KPIs

Recognition

ENDNOTES

1  

2 

3 

4  

5  

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

 Consistent with the requirements of the 
FCC DIRECTV Merger Order.

Household income based on 135% or less 
than federal poverty guidelines. 

 Eligibility determined by the National 
Lifeline Eligibility Verifier (National Verifier), 
managed by the Universal Service 
Administrative Company (USAC). For more 
information on eligibility criteria for the EBB 
visit getemergencybroadband.org.  

Additional fees and taxes may apply. 

 In May 2021, we entered into an agreement 
to combine our WarnerMedia segment, 
subject to certain exceptions, with a 
subsidiary of Discovery, Inc. The transaction 
is subject to approval by Discovery 
shareholders and customary closing 
conditions, including receipt of regulatory 
approvals.

 Education Week: https://www.edweek.org/
ew/section/multimedia/map-coronavirus-
and-school-closures.html.

 In February 2021, we agreed to contribute 
our North America video business – 
including DIRECTV, AT&T TV and U-verse 
– to form a new company with TPG Capital. 
The transaction is pending customary 
closing conditions.

Supplier diversity spend and performance 
excludes content and programming spend. 
The management approach and data 
detailed reflect the activities of the AT&T 
Global Connections and Supply Chain 
organization within AT&T Communications.

 Inclusive of AT&T Communications.

 This time is provided in excess of any time 
provided by state or local law and any 
short-term disability benefits/time off for 
recovering mothers. The United States 
does not have a legally required minimum 
for paid family leave. Currently, the 1993 
federal Family and Medical Leave Act 
(FMLA) offers 12 weeks of unpaid maternity 
leave.

Inclusive of AT&T Communications and 
Xandr.

Inclusive of AT&T Communications and 
WarnerMedia.

 $202 million of this funding was provided by 
AT&T and $13 million was provided through 
the AT&T Foundation.

14 

15 

16 

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

Scope 1 emissions include direct emissions 
from sources owned or controlled by 
the company (such as the fleet). Scope 
2 emissions include indirect emissions that 
result from the generation of purchased 
energy.

 The 2nd Annual AT&T Digital Family Poll was 
developed and conducted by the research 
firm Quadrant Strategies and was 
conducted online from July 7 to 19, 2020. 
The poll surveyed 500 teens (aged 13 – 18), 
500 parents of kids (parents aged 25 – 37 of 
children under age 12) and 500 parents of 
teens (parents aged 30+ of teens aged 13 – 
18) living in the United States. The survey’s 
margin of error is plus or minus 4.38% 
percentage points for each of these 
audiences. Poll findings are available at: 
https://about.att.com/content/dam/
snrdocs/ATT_Digital_Family_Report_2020.pdf.

 Device recycling and reuse data cover AT&T 
Inc. U.S. operations only.

 Graduation rate as measured by 
GradNation, a campaign of America’s 
Promise Alliance: https://gradnation. 
americaspromise.org/.

 Degree/credential rate as measured by the 
Lumina Foundation: https://www. 
luminafoundation.org/stronger-nation/
report/2021/#nation.

This goal is focused on network, consumer 
equipment and corporate services spend, 
and does not include video content and 
entertainment companies.

 $270.51 million of 2020 philanthropic giving 
was provided by AT&T and $18 million was 
provided through the AT&T Foundation.

 U.S. carbon footprint not inclusive of 
supplier emissions.

 From 2016 – 2019, we utilized intensity 
metrics relative to data traffic on our 
network (denominator), including satellite 
traffic. After achieving our 2020 water and 
energy intensity goals in 2019, we have 
transitioned to intensity metrics relative 
to our total number of subscribers (North 
America wireless, wireline voice and 
domestic broadband), as identified in our 
2020 Corporate Annual Report.

Electricity use is the numerator and is a 
proxy for total energy use. 

2019 – 2020 data include select 
WarnerMedia and Xandr locations. 

25 

26  

27  

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

2017 – 2018 data for waste generation 
and management represent all waste 
accounted for through AT&T Inc.’s domestic 
U.S. general solid waste, investment 
recovery and hazardous waste programs. 
2019 – 2020 data for waste generation and 
management represent all waste 
accounted for through AT&T Inc.’s domestic 
U.S. general solid waste, investment 
recovery, e-waste, furniture recycling, 
paper shredding, pallet recycling and 
regulated (hazardous and non-hazardous) 
waste programs.

 2016 – 2018 data inclusive of AT&T 
Communications, U.S. operations. 2019-2020 
data inclusive of AT&T Communications and 
WarnerMedia’s U.S. operations.  

 This figure is equivalent to our water use 
for domestic operations, our freshwater 
consumption and our withdrawals from 
municipal sources.

2016 – 2019 data inclusive of AT&T 
Communications. 2020 data inclusive of 
U.S.-based AT&T Inc. employees.

2018 data not inclusive of AT&T Mexico, 
AppNexus, Vrio or WarnerMedia. 2019 – 2020 
data not inclusive of WarnerMedia, AT&T 
Mexico or Vrio.

Data not inclusive of AT&T operations in 
Latin America or WarnerMedia. 2020 data is 
inclusive of select Warner Bros. locations. 

These incidents are employee injuries 
and illnesses that are required to be 
documented on the OSHA 300 log.

2016 – 2017 totals not inclusive of 
AT&T operations in Latin America or 
WarnerMedia. 2018 – 2020 totals not 
inclusive of WarnerMedia.

While we realized a 2020 decline in 
employee participation related to COVID-19 
requirements for social distancing, average 
giving per employee donor remained 
at pre-pandemic levels, reflecting AT&T 
employees’ continued commitment 
and generosity.

34 

Inclusive of AT&T Communications and 
Xandr. 2019 – 2020 totals also inclusive of 
WarnerMedia.

42

43

AT&T ESG Summary May 2021This document represents a summary of our corporate 
responsibility efforts and progress. Further reporting on our 
ESG performance and impact can be found online through 
the materials below or at about.att.com/csr/reporting.

• ESG Reporting Indexes (GRI, SASB, TCFD, UNGC, UN SDGs)

•

22 Detailed ESG Issue Briefs

• Stakeholder ESG Issues Assessment

• CDP Climate Change Response

•

Latin America CSR Reports

• Diversity & Inclusion Website

• Transparency Report

• Political Engagement Report

•

2021 Proxy Statement

Printed by an AT&T diverse 
supplier, a certified woman-
owned business enterprise 
(WBE), using zero-VOC ink.

  @ATTimpact

 ATTimpact

att.com/csr

Our commitment to corporate responsibility begins with strong guidance from our leadership.

We’re making progress on our roadmap of targets that serve as milestones to 2030 and beyond.

To assess our progress, we measure Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) in areas most important to our stakeholders and our business.

Companies like AT T are called to be strong corporate citizens and to demonstrate ethical leadership that considers the needs of society alongside those of business.

For a detailed look into all our work from the past year, visit our full ESG reporting library at about.att.com csr reporting.

We address environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues at every level of our company.

Third party recognition gives us valuable feedback on our approach and helps drive continuous improvement.

And we do that with a deep commitment to corporate responsibility for our customers, our communities and our employees.

Over this past year, our purpose and commitment came together in a particularly powerful way, as COVID 19 disrupted our lives and highlighted the vital importance of internet connectivity.

Looking back, it’s clear the pandemic accelerated what had been a gradual but steady shift to a digital economy.

In the process, it brought renewed attention to the millions of Americans who lack high speed access to the internet.

To help address this digital divide, we’re working with schools and community organizations on a number of fronts, including providing discounted network access for low income households, as well as skills building resources and opportunities for economic empowerment in underserved communities.

We’re especially focused on closing the homework gap by offering connected learning solutions for remote classrooms and a range of innovative digital learning tools.

We recently backed that up with a 2 billion commitment over the next 3 years to help connect the nation’s most vulnerable communities.

That’s on top of 1 billion in contributions made over the last 3 years.

At the same time, we’re closely collaborating with policymakers to help ensure that the educational, social and economic benefits of broadband connectivity are available to everyone.

Another important focus area for AT T is building on our momentum to address environmental sustainability issues.

Despite the pandemic, our 2035 goal of achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions remains well on track.

We’re decreasing our costs and our environmental footprint by enhancing the resilience and efficiency of our operations and virtualizing many of our network functions.

We’re broadening the use of our industry leading Climate Change Analysis Tool to help mitigate the potential impact of climate related weather events on our network and operations.

And we’re helping business customers and municipalities lower their own risks and reduce their environmental footprint through innovative broadband and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions.

We’re also continuously working to improve our industry leading diversity of talent across the company, because we recognize that there’s always more work to be done.

Our goal is to empower the workforce and storytellers of tomorrow by providing pathways to technology and media careers.

As you can see on our Diversity Inclusion website, one of AT T’s core values is to Stand for Equality.

We have zero tolerance for racism, xenophobia or any other form of discrimination and we strongly support local and global initiatives including policy changes that will advance equity, justice and equal protections for all.

This report highlights the many ways AT T is connecting and engaging in our communities, operating responsibly, mitigating risk and removing unnecessary costs from the business to maximize long term growth opportunities for our company, employees and customers.

Our success aligns to the management of leading ESG issues impacting our company, customers and communities.

AT T further recommends the FCC Lifeline universal service program be modernized and digitized to support the full cost of broadband connectivity, while allowing participants to administer benefits electronically.

We also encourage policymakers to equally consider wired and wireless connectivity solutions.

As wireless technologies offer increasingly impressive broadband performance, these simpler to deploy solutions will help speed closure of affordability and availability gaps for households in need.

And to better connect our learning institutions, AT T has offered discounted unlimited wireless data plans and content filtering services to more than 135,000 public and private K 12 schools, colleges and universities across the U.S.

In Latin America, ESCUELA provides primary and secondary schools with DIRECTV7 and SKY satellite technology, original and third party partner educational content, customer services support and custom designed pedagogical support materials to positively transform the classroom experience.

When COVID 19 led to the suspension of in person classes, we opened the ESCUELA channel and its content to all DIRECTV, DIRECTV GO and SKY Play customers in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Uruguay to support learning at home.

Through this expansion, educational content previously reaching almost 10,000 schools was immediately made available to nearly 7 million households, free of charge.

Over the last 12 years, we’ve invested more than 600 million to help close achievement and representation gaps in under resourced schools and communities.

When the events of 2020 forced more than 50 million U.S. students out of the classroom,6 we launched the 10 million AT T Distance Learning and Family Connections Fund to help equip parents, students and teachers with high quality tools and content for at home learning and to help families maintain meaningful connections when isolated from friends and loved ones.

In collaboration with more than 60 organizations, we’ve reached over 196 million students, parents and educators with resources and programming.

During the COVID 19 pandemic, nearly 17 million children have been unable to take part in virtual learning or complete schoolwork because their family doesn’t have a home internet connection or device.

To help address this challenge, AT T made an additional 10 million commitment to support at risk students disconnected from remote learning with free internet connectivity and Wi Fi hotspots.

We’re working with Connected Nation, a leading non profit focusing on broadband and digital technology challenges, to help close the gap for approximately 35,000 students in need.

Introducing AT T Connected Learning As part of our 2 billion digital divide commitment, we introduced AT T Connected Learning, a multi year initiative supporting solutions to help stem the tide of learning loss, further narrow the homework gap and empower today’s learners.

Together with WarnerMedia,5 we’re developing a digital learning platform that will deliver high quality curriculum and online learning tools from some of the best educational organizations in the world, as well as exclusive educational content from WarnerMedia, everywhere today’s connected students learn in the classroom, at home and in the community.

We’re also launching AT T Connected Learning Centers in traditionally underserved neighborhoods facing barriers to connectivity.

The centers will provide access to high speed internet and computing devices, as well as opportunities for tutoring and mentorship through our employee driven AT T Believes volunteerism initiative.

And together with the Public Library Association, we’ll offer a collection of digital literacy courses to help parents and families build the skills and confidence to help their child navigate distance learning and participate effectively and safely in today’s digital world.

Working With the Government We believe it takes a collaborative approach between the public and private sectors, as well as smart public policy at the state and federal levels, to continue bridging the digital divide.

Ubiquitous broadband connectivity is one of AT T’s top priorities for 2021, and we’ve joined nearly 50 advocacy organizations, companies and non profit groups urging policymakers to enact sustainable, effective broadband policies to help build resilient broadband networks, create jobs and empower opportunities for all Americans.

Congress has appropriated FCC funding for more accurate broadband mapping.

This will help companies like AT T precisely target remaining broadband coverage gaps and is a positive step in government efforts to fully address the digital divide.

Requirements to work and learn remotely over the past year have shed greater light on the digital divide that has long left millions of students and families without essential broadband connectivity.

This nationwide problem disproportionately impacts households of color, those with disabilities and residents of rural or under resourced communities.

Access to affordable and reliable internet service is critical for work, learning and commerce and for staying digitally connected to family, friends, breaking news and information.

AT T has a long history of keeping our customers and communities connected.

We’ve invested more than 110 billion in our wireless and wireline networks over the past 5 years, including U.S. and international capital investments and the acquisition of wireless spectrum and operations, to help expand coverage and improve connectivity, reliability and performance.

And through the end of 2020, we’ve used support from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Connect America Fund program to help deploy, maintain and offer internet and voice services to 1.1 million mostly rural homes and small business locations in FCC identified areas of need.

Doubling Down Our Efforts In 2021, we announced an expanded commitment to invest 2 billion over the next 3 years to help address the digital divide.

This effort will combine AT T’s low cost broadband service offerings with ongoing community investment, building on approximately 1 billion in contributions over the last 3 years to help the nation’s most vulnerable communities.

Introduced 5 years ago, Access from AT T1 is a voluntary AT T funded program offering low cost, wired broadband internet access to qualifying households for 10 per month.

This offer from AT T has no contract or installation fees.

Supporting First Responders Through all 2020 has thrown at us, FirstNet the only nationwide wireless broadband communications platform dedicated to America’s first responders and public safety community has been helping those on the front line effectively coordinate and communicate.

AT T’s FirstNet teams were there in January supporting the first COVID 19 quarantine sites.

And we provided critical communications during Hurricanes Laura and Delta, wildfires in Colorado and California, and instances of civil unrest.

The FirstNet network covers more than 2.71 million square miles and more than 99% of the U.S. population.

In 2020, we added nearly 100,000 square miles to the FirstNet coverage footprint equivalent in area to the state of Oregon.

We’ll continue to expand our support in 2021 and beyond as vaccination efforts roll out across the country, unprecedented weather events continue to occur and we anticipate what might be next.

In early 2020, we put our business continuity plans to the test as nearly half of our employees approximately 130,000 transitioned from regular workspaces to work from home, and we shifted many retail services from in store to online.

For customer facing employees who can’t do their job remotely, we continue to implement enhanced operational protocols and provide equipment to help keep them safe.

As we look beyond the pandemic, we’re revising our business models to support flexible office space and at home productivity for many employees on a long term basis.

And the remote network access and web conferencing tools we provide customers will remain a mainstay of our own operations.

The events of 2020 impacted nearly everything we do at AT T. We connected millions of businesses, employees and families as they transitioned to remote work and learning.

We’re carrying nearly 40% more wireless voice traffic and approximately 26% more data than before the pandemic.

And in 2020, texting on our network hit a peak rate of 99,000 messages per second.

Through FirstNet, we’re supporting more than 2.2 million connections nationwide across more than 16,000 public safety organizations.

And CNN served the largest audiences in its 40 year history, as viewers turned to us for clear and comprehensive reporting on the pandemic, presidential election and history making demonstrations for racial justice.

Keeping the Business Running AT T’s Business Continuity Management Program is certified to ISO 22301:2012 and aligns with a broad collection of domestic and international business continuity standards.

Our global team of certified business continuity experts, led by our President of Network Engineering and Operations, works to maintain the operation of key business processes.

And our WarnerMedia Business Resilience team helps plan for incidents that could affect production facilities, critical systems or our people.

Our National Disaster Recovery (NDR) organization is critical to keeping our network operational even in the wake of unpredictable, catastrophic events.

We’ve invested more than 650 million in the U.S. and another 15 million internationally to ensure our NDR program is ready whenever natural or man made disasters may strike.

Updates on all our business continuity efforts are shared with the AT T Board of Directors.

Learn more in our Network Data Security issue brief.

Standing With Small Business During the pandemic, businesses of all sizes have needed support.

Joined the Stand for Small Coalition and provided millions of U.S. small businesses with valuable services, offers and access to tools and expertise.

Teamed up with Barbara Corcoran to launch a webinar series helping small businesses work toward recovery.

Launched a business continuity resource center to help businesses plan, adapt, stay connected and remain productive during challenging times.

Provided 1.2 million to support 7 female and minority led alumni companies from the AT T Aspire Accelerator in their work to reach underserved communities with educational technology solutions.

Learn more about how we supported businesses during the pandemic on the AT T Newsroom.

The communications industry is one of 16 infrastructure sectors designated as critical by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and AT T operates one of the world’s most prominent and advanced global backbone networks.

Our infrastructure and operations are built to be resilient, which means we have the people, resources and procedures to keep everyone connected providing essential services, news and information when our customers and communities need us most.

AT T’s supply chain has been able to withstand the demands of the pandemic by working with organizations offering innovative, cost efficient capabilities that align with business priorities such as 5G deployment and the expansion of FirstNet and fiber connectivity to communities across the U.S.

Navigating the Impact of COVID 19 We’ve long worked with more than 20,000 suppliers to ensure a geographically diverse and resilient supply chain that reduces our risk in unforeseen situations.

In fact, we used the reach of our supply chain to help meet several challenges of the COVID 19 pandemic.

For example, a disabled veteran owned business in Indiana provided us with 135,000 gallons of hand sanitizer and a minority owned business in California used their extensive global network to help distribute pandemic related supplies for our employees.

AT T secured more than 5 million face masks, 9 million pairs of sanitary gloves and more than 50,000 spray bottles of disinfectant to help keep our workforce safe.

And we donated millions of dollars of unused supplies to front line workers, school districts and organizations such as the American Indian College Fund, American Indian Higher Education Consortium and The Salvation Army.

AT T has one of the largest supplier diversity programs in corporate America and never has diversity in our supply chain been more important than now.

Our overall supplier diversity goal is 21.5% of total procurement expenditures.

Ensuring Supplier Responsibility AT T is committed to advancing sustainable business practices among our suppliers with a focus on diversity, the environment, human rights and prevention of forced labor.

We expect supplier business operations to be conducted in a manner consistent with sustainability and diversity clauses in our contracts, and we require conformance with the AT T Principles of Conduct for Suppliers, WarnerMedia Supplier Guidelines and AT T’s Human Rights Policy.

We facilitate regular sustainability assessments and audits for our suppliers, through tools such as an assessor developed with the Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) and participation in the Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC), an organization that facilitates collaboration among peer telecom companies and industry suppliers.

Since 2010, JAC has audited nearly 600 factory locations and conducted human rights reviews for more than 1.3 million factory workers including many AT T suppliers.

Learn more in our Responsible Supply Chain issue brief.

In 2019 and 2020, AT T spent 3.1 billion with Black owned suppliers, exceeding our 2 year 3 billion commitment to drive diversity and inclusion across our business and communities.

Black owned suppliers support AT T across many lines of business including legal and professional services, warehousing and logistics, advertising and marketing, as well as construction and engineering.

We’re one of the largest employers in the U.S., with one of the nation’s largest union represented workforces.

In a year defined by uncertainty and unexpected challenges, our more than 230,000 employees have learned to work in new ways and new places.

To support the people who keep our company strong and our customers connected, we took a number of steps this past year, including temporary compensation increases for front line employees who can’t do their jobs from home and temporary increases in available paid time off for employees with family impacted by COVID 19 illness.

We committed more than 100 million to help cast and crew from WarnerMedia productions on hiatus and, through the AT T Employee Relief Fund, we supported more than 275 colleagues requesting assistance for COVID 19 related personal hardships.

We’ve completely covered the cost of COVID 19 testing, treatment and vaccines for employees and dependents through our AT T health plans.

And to help safely return essential employees and contractors to work locations, the company developed and implemented a health screening based on CDC guidelines that has been taken more than 6 million times across 4 continents in 16 different languages.

For the last 3 years, AT T has been named to the Fortune Best Big Companies to Work ForTM list.

In 2020, Chief Learning Officer magazine recognized AT T as Organization of the Year for Learning and Development and Editor’s Choice for Best Learning Execution.

Empowering Employee Growth As the global economy evolves, it’s crucial for companies such as ours to train and retain a skilled and diverse workforce.

Our internal training organization, AT T University, works across our business to deliver best in class training solutions that positively impact our workforce from front line employees to senior executives.

AT T University is our platform for strategic business training and alignment, energizing our workforce to enhance their skills and drive innovation.

We offer more than 900 leadership and career courses, including partnerships with esteemed learning institutions.

Providing Competitive Pay and Benefits AT T works hard to attract and retain the talented, diverse and engaged employees critical to keeping millions around the world connected, entertained and informed.

We continually evolve our benefits to reflect the needs of our workforce.

We regularly adapt our compensation model to ensure fair and inclusive pay practices across our business.

We’re committed to pay equity for employees who hold the same job, work in the same geographic area and have the same levels of experience and performance.

In 2020, AT T launched a cultural transformation to improve the way we work and identify the behaviors we must embody to best serve our customers.

We conducted employee focus groups, surveys, and interviews to gain an honest evaluation of our strengths and weaknesses learning that the rigor and processes historically serving AT T well had, at times, become a barrier to performing our best amid rapidly changing industries.

We launched the How We Connect culture model to amplify our most effective corporate behaviors, adopt behaviors and expectations that will help us transform and empower employees to discontinue practices that get in our way.

We’re holding colleagues at all levels accountable through our ongoing performance development process, which incorporates a 360 degree feedback structure.

And we’re evaluating our success, in part, by replacing our traditional employee engagement survey with a 56 question culture survey that better measures how we’re doing as a company, as individual departments and as supervisors or individual contributors.

This shift has given us the insight needed to address issues employees face in serving customers, moving faster, acting boldly and working together.

It has provided a roadmap for future improvement to our organizational culture and a solid metric for progress over time.

AT T’s corporate value to Stand for Equality demonstrates that our workplace is made stronger when we build understanding of our commonalities, not our differences.

We commit to use our corporate voice and influence to champion equity and combat injustices that threaten our employees or the communities we serve.

Valuing Diversity At AT T, diversity is foundational for building an inclusive environment where everyone is valued and empowered and that work starts at the top.

In 2020, we published a Board Diversity Statement, noting AT T recognizes the value of diversity, and takes into account many factors, including but not limited to gender, race and ethnicity, as important in determining composition and in making nominations to the Board.

And to promote employee engagement in diversity and inclusion initiatives across our operating companies we regularly convene four diversity councils, including the CEO’s Diversity Council led by our most senior executive.

From our Board of Directors to front line workers across the globe, we seek talented people who represent a mix of backgrounds, identities, abilities and experiences.

We’ve joined the OneTen coalition, a group of corporations pledging to collectively hire 1 million Black Americans over the next 10 years.

AT T encourages success based on employees’ individual merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, employment status or other protected status.

We fully consider all qualified applicants for employment, including those with a criminal history who need a second chance.

And we encourage employees to join one or more of our 39 employee groups, which exemplify our company’s commitment to diversity and inclusion through efforts in the workplace, marketplace and community while focusing on members’ professional development and opportunities for community service.

Visit the AT T Diversity Inclusion website for additional workforce diversity data.

We support the United Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles and its mission to advance equity and the empowerment of women and girls.

We also endorse and obey laws that prohibit discrimination, such as the Equality Act, which would ban discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

Seeking Justice and Fairness Hate has no home at AT T. We’re committed to raising awareness and taking a stand against all forms of racism and xenophobia.

The killings of George Floyd and countless others highlight the continued injustices experienced by Black Americans.

We’re devoting resources and leadership toward initiatives to help advance economic opportunity, overcome systemic educational barriers and promote law enforcement reform.

In the summer of 2020, AT T led a Business Roundtable initiative of top CEOs to push for public policy changes that deliver equal justice outcomes for all.

To date, AT T has supported and helped secure legislative reforms in more than 15 states in pursuit of equal justice for all Americans.

The fight for racial and social justice continues as hate crimes have risen in the Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) community during the COVID 19 pandemic, as reported by Stop AAPI Hate.

We believe the violence against these individuals must end and AT T and WarnerMedia have announced a 7 million pledge to help raise awareness and continue our ongoing commitment to address equality issues that impact our employees and neighbors.

Supporting Accessibility AT T is committed to positively impacting those with disabilities.

In 2020, we were the lead sponsor for ADA30 Lead On: A Celebration of Disability Arts, Culture, Education and Pride an online event celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act and highlighting the need for accessible job opportunities in the entertainment industry.

Our Accessibility and Inclusion initiative works to ingrain accessibility throughout AT T’s culture, making it easier for all individuals, including those with disabilities, to pursue careers and advancement at AT T. Our efforts helped AT T score a 100 on the Disability Equality Index benchmark.

As exemplified by WarnerMedia’s industry leading Production Diversity Policy, we’re committed to elevating diverse voices in film and storytelling, ensuring the content we produce and distribute is representative of our community.

This includes diversifying our channel lineup and providing support for programs that identify and create opportunity for new creative talent.

To promote equity within the entertainment industry and prepare people to be future award winning animators, sound engineers and directors, TCM and WarnerMedia have collaborated with re:imagine ATL for the TCM Presents Women Make Film: Next Gen Filmmakers program.

Ghetto Film School’s 2020 Film Credits challenge, supported by AT T and WarnerMedia, secured more than 100 submissions from up and coming teenage filmmakers.

And the FACIUNI Film Scholarship program is contributing to the search for new voices and talent in film from across Latin America.

We’re proud to be a founding partner of ARRAYCrew, a database focusing on inclusion for below the line production professionals.

And we’ve expanded our entry level WarnerMedia Access Writers program to amplify underrepresented voices and historically marginalized writers with a pathway into the television industry.

In 2020, the Disability Equality Index recognized AT T as one of the Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion.

Learn more in the Our Workforce issue brief, Accessibility Affordability issue brief and the AT T Diversity Inclusion website.

We believe that everyone regardless of age, gender, race or socioeconomic status deserves the opportunity to succeed.

Access to broadband connectivity and the resources it can provide is a large part of AT T’s commitment to helping build equity for all.

With an eye toward jobs of the future, we’re also working to help people develop the skills they need to thrive in technology, media and telecommunications careers.

Helping Equity Meet Opportunity The country’s reckoning with social justice in 2020 affected us all and deepened AT T’s commitment to supporting equity in our company, as well as our communities.

Over the past five years, AT T has contributed 215 million13 to increase education, skills building and career readiness opportunities in Black and underserved communities.

And in 2020, we committed an additional 10 million to further support these groups, which often face long standing social inequities and higher unemployment all of which have been exacerbated by the COVID 19 pandemic.

Last year, we worked with The NETwork to conduct the first AT T HBCU Innovation Challenge, in which 25 student teams from 17 historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) competed for a 50,000 prize by developing innovative 5G solutions to help communities.

In 2021, we announced AT T University’s HBCU Future Leaders Program, a multi year mentoring and workforce readiness initiative pairing HBCU students from AT T internship and development programs with senior leaders and employees who can help them develop leadership skills and expertise in technology and innovation.

And through collaborations with organizations like Jobs for America’s Graduates, Year Up and YouthBuild USA, we continue to support training, skills development and work experiences for under and unemployed young people.

Introducing Next Generation Storytellers AT T is empowering young storytellers and those from non traditional backgrounds who haven’t had traditional pathways into the entertainment industry with opportunities to create content and learn skills.

Through WarnerMedia Access to Action, we’ve helped more than 420 people gain experience in entry level production jobs across our media brands, with a goal to diversify our talent pipeline and help establish connections that can lead to lifelong careers.

In 2020, AT T and CNN launched Youth Voices Collective, a program to support student expression and teach writing and journalism skills.

In collaboration with non profits 826 National, VOX ATL and Six Feet of Separation, we provide instruction, coaching and sharing opportunities to thousands of students across the U.S. especially those in underserved communities.

WarnerMedia is also a lead sponsor of re:imagine ATL’s No Comment Film Fellowship, which helps students ages 16 19 write, produce and pitch films to gain confidence and experience as they refine their craft.

Students from the fellowship were also recognized as part of TCM’s Women Make Film: Next Gen Filmmakers program.

In collaboration with non profit 21st Century Leaders, we developed the WarnerMedia Institute for Future Leaders program for high school students interested in media industry careers.

WarnerMedia also supports Reel Works’ MediaMKRS production workforce development program and VOX ATL’s Media Caf , a hands on program helping teens explore multimedia storytelling techniques while learning the fundamentals of journalism.

OneFifty is WarnerMedia’s in house content innovation center, which invests in artists creating fresh, provocative content across all forms of media: features, series, digital, animation, interactive, virtual reality (VR) and more.

This initiative is disrupting the way content is traditionally developed in our industry, helping bring the most compelling untold stories to audiences.

Learn more in our Building Digital Skills issue brief.

As the world transitions to a net zero economy, AT T is demonstrating leadership by setting aggressive goals and taking purposeful action through a combination of mitigation and adaptation efforts.

We’re taking costs out of the business by enhancing our efficiency while working to reduce GHG emissions and we’re helping our customers do the same.

We’re also taking steps to protect our network from threats and costly repairs associated with extreme weather events while helping communities identify and address their own vulnerabilities.

On Our Way to Carbon Neutral Climate related goals support our business strategy to pursue efficiency projects that save millions of dollars across our operations each year.

By deploying IoT solutions to streamline key business processes, transitioning to a low emissions fleet, scaling our renewable energy capacity, expanding sustainable production practices at WarnerMedia and working to virtualize large portions of our network, we’re able to deploy new capabilities faster while reducing energy use and emissions.

Since 2010, we’ve implemented nearly 147,000 energy efficiency projects resulting in annualized energy cost savings of nearly 694 million.

AT T has committed to becoming carbon neutral, achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions14 by 2035.

To help measure our progress, we’ve revised our science based target to reduce emissions for these same categories 63% by 2030 (against 2015 baseline) aligning with a 1.5 C pathway.

We’re also working to reduce Scope 3 emissions from our supply chain and have achieved 80% of our science based target to ensure at least half of our spend (covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and downstream leased assets) is with suppliers that have, or will, set science based Scope 1 and 2 targets by 2024.

Going Big on Renewable Energy AT T is one of the largest corporate purchasers of renewable energy in the U.S. and we’ll continue to expand our portfolio, where feasible.

As part of our previous commitment to purchase more than 1.5 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity domestically, in 2020 we announced an agreement representing more than 500 megawatts of solar energy the largest U.S. corporate solar energy deal to date.

In Argentina, we’ve reached a 1,200 MWh year agreement to contribute renewable energy to the grid supporting our DIRECTV central office through 2025.

And in Mexico, we’re implementing a 40 GWh year agreement to supply renewable energy to approximately 1,200 network sites.

Our renewable energy purchases drive significant reductions in our reported emissions and help protect us from rising energy costs.

These investments also support hundreds of local jobs and contribute clean electricity to the power grid.

Getting to a Gigaton Following AT T’s commitment to achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions14 by 2035, we sought a more ambitious goal for the enablement of customer GHG emissions reductions.

In 2021, we retired our 10x goal and announced the AT T Gigaton Goal to deliver connectivity solutions that enable business customers to save a gigaton (1 billion metric tons) of GHG emissions by 2035.

Our gigaton goal is equivalent in scope to the emissions reduction capability of approximately 215,000 wind turbines running for a year.

This goal will calculate the cumulative impact of emissions savings from 2018, when we first calculated AT T customer emissions reduction enablement, until 2035.

Progress against our gigaton goal will be reported annually.

From 2018 2020, cumulative tracked customer emissions reductions enabled by AT T total 72.4 million metric tons of CO2e achieving approximately 7% of our gigaton goal.

Enabling Customer Emissions Reductions The net zero economy represents tremendous business opportunity, as AT T connectivity can help customers across countless industries meet climate related goals.

For instance, our IoT solutions can help organizations reduce emissions by optimizing energy use and streamlining transportation, logistics and asset monitoring.

Our network enables sensors that ensure lights are used only when needed and that the temperature in cold storage facilities remains at optimal levels, reducing electricity consumption and cost.

We help fleet intensive businesses optimize vehicle routing to minimize fuel burn and emissions.

And we connect sensors that monitor soil conditions so farmers can increase production while using less water and fertilizer.

In 2015, we established a 10x goal to enable customer carbon savings 10 times the footprint of our operations by 2025.

This goal was intentionally set as a ratio to incentivize reduction of AT T’s operational emissions and quantify increases in the emissions savings AT T connectivity enables.

Through numerous internal initiatives, AT T’s 2020 operational footprint decreased to approximately 5.8 million metric tons of CO2e. 2020 tracked customer GHG emissions savings enabled by AT T reached an annualized 31.3 million metric tons of CO2e achieving nearly 55% of our 2025 10x goal.

Climate change is associated with increasingly frequent extreme weather.

Since millions of consumers rely on AT T for vital connectivity, news and entertainment we must protect our network against disruptions.

Our industry leading Climate Change Analysis Tool helps visualize extreme weather events at the neighborhood level up to 30 years into the future.

In 2020, we began work to expand the use of the tool from 4 pilot states in the Southeast to the entire contiguous U.S. We’re also adding analysis capabilities for natural disasters such as wildfires and droughts.

With this tool, AT T can better take climate change into account as we plan for network buildouts, maintenance and disaster preparedness.

And to help communities better prepare for their own climate related risks, we’ll continue to make the Argonne National Laboratory climate datasets developed for our tool available to the public.

For the 3rd consecutive year, Frost Sullivan has recognized AT T for innovation in public safety.

FirstNet MegaRangeTM leverages high power user equipment to extend the range of a cell site, boosting critical coverage for first responders in hard to reach locations such as fortified buildings, elevators, underground structures and rural areas.

This functionality can only be transmitted using Band 14 spectrum, which means FirstNet is the only network in the U.S. providing such capability for public safety.

Z Axis for FirstNet enhances traditional GPS based location methods with vertical location capability to help identify where in a building rescue team members may be, and on which floor.

This service is the first of its kind to be offered to public safety agencies, and it’s available exclusively to FirstNet subscribers.

Technologies such as 5G and multi access edge computing (MEC) are rapidly changing how we live, work and engage with the world.

Never has the power of connectivity been so important as consumers, families, businesses and public safety agencies identify new applications to enhance our quality of life and accelerate economic opportunity.

Powering Tomorrow’s Healthcare AT T has deployed 5G capabilities across the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Puget Sound Health Care System campus in Seattle to pilot healthcare use cases for high bandwidth, low latency 5G and MEC technologies that bring application processing closer to the end user.

Teams will explore opportunities to improve medical procedures and training through emerging technologies like augmented reality (AR) and VR.

Potential use cases include remote or virtual pain management using AR and VR, plus remote and or near real time surgical assistance using AR to layer multiple surgical techniques.

Our collective goal is to improve healthcare delivery to the approximately 9 million veterans who use VA healthcare services each year.

Learn more in our Technology Innovation issue brief.

In late 2021, AT T and WarnerMedia will be honored by the National Academy of Television Arts Sciences with a Technology Engineering EMMY Award in recognition of technical advancements in addressable TV advertising.

We developed technology to divide a single, nationwide advertising market into 85 local markets, which will help small and mid sized advertisers communicate with customers more effectively and deliver targeted, relevant advertising on a national scale across a plethora of pay TV providers.

People and businesses count on AT T to protect their information and respect their privacy, no matter how they interact with our company.

We work hard to secure personal information and have established technical, administrative and operational safeguards for our network, as well as the information we collect and use.

AT T is committed to the safety and well being of our customers and society, and to helping everyone use our products and services in a safer and more responsible manner.

We’ll continue to find ways to provide people with safe, inclusive and positive interactions on all screens.

Championing Privacy Within Our Business AT T complies with all privacy laws and regulations in the domestic and international markets where we operate.

We secure our network and limit access to consumer information within the company to those who have a business need.

Annual compliance training for employees includes important content on our privacy policies and requirements.

To address privacy related issues unique to our media and advertising business, WarnerMedia maintains a dedicated Privacy Center of Expertise that coordinates with AT T’s Chief Privacy Officer (CPO).

Our CPO is responsible for establishing and enforcing the company’s privacy principles, policies and commitments across all operating companies providing oversight of the business to ensure consumers can exercise their individual rights under applicable privacy laws.

The CPO regularly updates executive leadership and the AT T Board of Directors about privacy related issues.

Learn more in our Privacy issue brief, Network Data Security issue brief, and Responsible Use of Products Services issue brief.

AT T believes that technology and communications companies must make the protection of children a priority.

We do this by working to protect the privacy of young people’s personal data and preserving their rights to freedom of expression and protection from online predators or exploitation.

In 2020, we established the AT T Online Safety Committee to provide oversight and guidance on digital safety issues.

And we completed a human rights impact assessment across our portfolio of products and services to better understand risks related to potential online child exploitation and sexual abuse material.

We engage with groups such as the WePROTECT Global Alliance and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to promote human rights associated with our operations.

Learn more in our Safeguarding Children issue brief.

Cyber Aware helps empower and educate consumers about email and text scams, spam, identity theft and much more.

In 2020, AT T increased efforts to raise awareness about social engineering scams and fraud during the COVID 19 global pandemic.

ScreenReady Through our ScreenReady program, we provide today’s connected families with the information and tools they need to create safe and positive connections on all screens.

In 2020, we commissioned our 2nd Digital Family Poll, benchmarking the changing landscape of technology use in today’s households.

In the poll,15 89% of caregivers indicated parental controls are an effective tool to manage teens’ digital safety, yet less than half report using them.

The poll also revealed that teens with active parental controls on their devices report feeling happier, safer and more productive online than those without such supervision.

Inspired by these insights, AT T and WarnerMedia launched a campaign featuring some of DC’s most iconic superheroes Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman to remind caregivers to set parental controls on all connected devices in their household.

Combating Cyberbullying In 2020, AT T and Cartoon Network supported the Cyberbullying Research Center’s first ever nationally representative survey of cyberbullying among U.S. kids ages 9 12, revealing that more than 1 in 5 have experienced cyberbullying in some form.

Network campaign in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, has inspired millions of kids to promote acceptance through strategies that help everyone feel included.

AT T Mexico is collaborating with the NEMI Foundation on the Si Fueras t project, a series of awareness workshops and materials that have helped thousands of students and teachers promote a culture of cyberbullying prevention in school.

ItCanWait For more than a decade, AT T has been working to help end distracted driving in the U.S. and Mexico.

Since 2010, our It Can Wait campaign has generated more than 40 million pledges to drive distraction free.

Learn more in our Responsible Use of Products Services issue brief.

Establishing Network Security and Reliability Our Chief Security Office (CSO) establishes global policy and programmatic requirements to ensure security is a part of every organization within the company, and hundreds of highly trained CSO professionals and department level security specialists across our business focus on compliance.

The AT T Security Policy and Requirements align to numerous international security standards and laws, and apply to all employees, contractors and suppliers.

AT T maintains 2 global ISO 27001 certifications covering our global IP infrastructure as well as certain customer facing products and services.

Our ability to apply automated threat detection technologies to the analysis of network data is critical to helping safeguard our infrastructure as the volume of attempted cyberattacks grows each year.

AT T’s threat management program provides 24 7, near real time data correlation, situational awareness reporting, active incident investigation, case management, trending analysis and predictive security alerting.

Our CSO shares regular reports on our cybersecurity efforts with the Audit Committee of the AT T Board of Directors.

Learn more in our Network Data Security issue brief.

Internal research shows that employees participating in volunteerism and other community engagement programs are more likely to recommend AT T as a place to work, stay at AT T longer and feel better about working for the company.

AT T Believes is our company wide, localized effort to combine employees’ passion, creativity and generosity of time and resources with AT T’s longstanding relationships with external organizations.

The initiative seeks to maximize impact across more than 40 markets around the world, focusing on needs such as digital access, the homework gap, building job skills for a digital world and basic necessities in times of crisis.

In 2020, Believe New YorkSM helped the YMCA of Greater New York create a childcare program for area families most impacted by remote schooling.

Believe DetroitTM worked with the governor’s office and Michigan Restaurants Association to deliver meals to first responders caring for COVID 19 patients.

And AT T Believes markets helped distribute 5.5 million to support economic empowerment for Black communities.

We launched AT T Believes in India, Slovakia, Czechia, Ireland and the UK last year collaborating with 32 non profits that support causes such as meals for underserved students in India, the needs of homeless people in Slovakia and demand for job readiness programs across Europe.

In 2021, in collaboration with Udacity and Coursera, AT T will grant approximately 2,300 scholarships to help underserved students achieve their career aspirations, distributed in AT T Believes markets across the U.S.

AT T believes in the communities where we live and work.

We have a long history of being there when it counts, because the strength of our business depends on the strength of our neighbors.

In the wake of COVID 19, in 2020 AT T committed 5.5 million to work with Feeding America, The Salvation Army, Team Rubicon and World Central Kitchen providing more than 25 million meals in support of first responders, medical personnel and others in need.

Learn more in our Community Engagement issue brief.

Board of Directors Oversight The Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee (PPCRC) of the AT T Board of Directors (Board) assists the Board in its oversight of ESG related policies and issues affecting AT T, including the digital divide diversity, equity and inclusion education of our current and future workforce employee volunteerism privacy human rights climate resilience digital well being ESG reporting and disclosures of political contributions and government data requests.

Members of the PPCRC come from diverse professional and cultural backgrounds, giving them the experience, depth of knowledge, judgment and vision to challenge our assumptions and continuously improve our work.

The PPCRC also oversees our policies for philanthropic giving, which include corporate contributions approved by the AT T Contributions Council and grants approved by the AT T Foundation.

The Contributions Council and AT T Foundation are composed of senior executives charged with the supervision of our philanthropic investments.

Our Chief Sustainability Officer participates in PPCRC meetings, in addition to having periodic discussions with board members about ESG issues.

Additional Board committees oversee activities that impact ESG topics.

For example, the Audit Committee reviews our cybersecurity and financial risk exposures and steps to mitigate them.

The Audit Committee also oversees internal controls as well as our corporate compliance program.

And the Corporate Development and Finance Committee oversees capital investments and the implementation of key technology decisions.

Learn more about our Board committees and their charters.

Foundational policies, including the codes of business conduct that govern our operating companies, put our values into action and detail our commitment to ethics, diversity, privacy, the environment and our communities.

These guidelines and expectations inform how we do business and how we interact with customers, suppliers, our communities and each other.

See a list of our policies: https: about.att.com csr home governance policies.html.

William E. Kennard, (Chairman of the AT T Board of Directors) former U.S.

AT T’s commitment to corporate responsibility means embedding it across our business, with strong governance at every level of the company.

Business unit representation on the CSR Governance Council regularly evolves with the changing needs and structure of our business.

For a current list of members, visit about.att.com csr council.

CSR Governance Council Committees Our CSR Governance Council is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer and is comprised of officers from each of our operating companies with responsibility for business operations aligned to our most important ESG focus areas.

The council meets 3 4 times per year and collaborates across a broad range of issues, competencies and perspectives.

In addition to the council, we convene 5 core issue committees led by senior CSR management: Community, Employee Activation, Environment, Human Rights and Online Safety.

These committees work closely with experts throughout our operating companies and regions to implement and enhance programs and policies that address ESG issues across AT T.

Corporate Political Contributions Participating in the democratic process includes corporate contributions related to the electoral process.

AT T’s engagement with elected officials and policymakers is guided by our values, codes of business conduct and public policy positions.

In short, we’re committed to ensuring the interests of our business, customers and employees are top of mind without regard to political party affiliation.

To that end, we have a robust internal authorization process for all political engagement activities.

The Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee of the AT T Board of Directors receives our full list of corporate political contributions and has an opportunity to provide guidance.

We may make corporate political contributions to state and local candidates, political parties, political action committees (PACs) and ballot measure committees.

We do not make corporate political contributions to federal political parties or candidates for federal office.

Employee Political Contributions Our employees can also participate in the political process through 30 employee led state PACs and an employee led federal PAC that may support federal and state candidates, independent of company political engagement positions or activities.

AT T employee PACs are voluntary and non partisan, and provide eligible non union AT T employees an opportunity to collectively support public policy positions that are important to AT T.

AT T’s investor relations team and senior leaders conduct hundreds of meetings per year with investors, analysts and major shareholders, discussing topics such as our corporate strategy and commitment to ESG issues.

This process provides valuable insight into how AT T should align our resources, reporting and communications.

And we supplement this effort by continuously monitoring emerging ESG issues and current events, adjusting our programs and resources, as appropriate.

Reputation Measurement On a monthly basis, AT T surveys stakeholders to assess their perception of our corporate reputation and brand, including the emotional attachment of consumers who state they are familiar with our company’s operations.

We measure interest and awareness of specific AT T corporate responsibility programs and emerging social issues, and sample impressions of programs in development.

Our measurements confirm that awareness of AT T corporate responsibility efforts improves company reputation which in turn positively affects key business metrics such as willingness to buy or recommend, and willingness to give AT T the benefit of the doubt in difficult times.

Leadership Oversight The results of our ongoing stakeholder engagement efforts are reported to the CSR Governance Council, senior company officers and the Public Policy and Corporate Reputation Committee of the AT T Board of Directors.

The insights gained help guide our corporate responsibility strategy and goals, improve business operations and policies, ensure transparent reporting and prioritize programmatic investments and collaboration across the business.

Ongoing stakeholder engagement is a critical part of our work and governance, helping us anticipate emerging risks and opportunities, and adapt to change.

Organizations across AT T such as CSR, external affairs, investor relations and finance participate in regular dialogue and structured collaboration throughout the year with stakeholder groups including: AT T employees, business and consumer customers, investors, suppliers, distributors, government and non government organizations, as well as programmatic and community organizations.

Every 2 3 years, we conduct a formal assessment that engages thousands of internal and external stakeholders to identify and prioritize our company’s most significant ESG impacts and focus areas.

In Q4 2019, we concluded our most recent company wide assessment.

Learn more about the findings from our latest stakeholder assessment at about.att.com csr reporting.

We detail ESG performance through robust annual public reporting, which many stakeholders recognize as best in class.

We strive to present data in a modular format that’s responsive to a variety of needs and interests, and our levels of transparency have been recognized by leading third party measurement organizations.

The governance of our ESG reporting is internally validated by our finance organization and quantitative environmental measures (emissions and energy use) are externally assured.

We report in alignment with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and disclosure frameworks from CDP (climate change), the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

We publish diversity, equity and inclusion reports outlining our progress cultivating workplace diversity across AT T and content diversity across WarnerMedia.

And we publish regional GRI aligned reports detailing corporate responsibility efforts across our Latin American operations.

Political Engagement Reporting Through our biannual Political Engagement Report, we describe how AT T participates in the political process and disclose company U.S. political contributions as well as those of AT T employee PACs.

For the last 2 years, AT T has received the leading Trendsetter designation from the CPA Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, for transparent disclosure of our political engagement spend.

Transparency Reporting Like all companies, we’re required by law to provide information to government and law enforcement entities, as well as to parties to civil lawsuits, by complying with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests and other legal requirements.

Our Transparency Report lists the number and types of legal demands that have compelled AT T to provide information about communications on our network or our customers, as well as information permitted by law to be disclosed about Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act requests.

AT T has been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for 4 consecutive years, since its 2018 expansion beyond the financial services sector.

AT T has scored in the Leadership Level for the CDP Climate Change assessment for the 5th consecutive year, earning an A score each year.

For the 4th consecutive year, AT T is the only U.S. based telecommunications services provider on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America.

For 2021, AT T is the JUST 100 telecommunications industry leader and is ranked 8th overall on the JUST Capital list of America’s 100 most just companies.

We’ve been recognized on the list since its 2018 inception.

For a detailed look into all our work from the past year, visit our ESG reporting website at about.att.com csr reporting.

As we near or reach attainment of our 2020 and 2025 goals, we’re setting our sights even higher identifying new measures that continue to push us and reflect the direction of our evolving business.

Reduce our Scope 1 GHG emissions 20% using a 2008 baseline of 1,354,054 metric tons of CO2e.

We exceeded our target and this represents a 22.8% reduction compared to our 2008 baseline.

Year over year, our Scope 1 GHG emissions are up 5.4% from 2019, as the result of our 2020 decision to begin reporting all refrigerants as in scope.

Reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions14 63% (against 2015 baseline) aligning with a 1.5 C pathway.

Our reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 5,788,258 metric tons of CO2e in 2020.

This represents a 37% reduction compared to our 2015 baseline of 8,766,803 metric tons of CO2e.

Achieve carbon neutrality (net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions14) by 2035.

This represents a year over year reduction of 736,785 metric tons (or 11.3%) from 2019.

Reduce the GHG emissions of our U.S. fleet 30% using a 2008 baseline of 865,777 metric tons of CO2e.

In addition to reducing the size of our domestic fleet by more than 8,000 vehicles, 81% of passenger sedans procured for our domestic fleet since 2019 are hybrid vehicles.

Expand alternative energy use through on site capacity and pursuit of off site renewables.

Expanded our clean energy portfolio In addition to our on site solar and fuel cell installations, AT T is one of the largest corporate purchasers of renewable energy in the U.S. and we’ll continue to expand our portfolio, where feasible.

As part of our previous commitment to purchase more than 1.5 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity domestically, in 2020, we announced an agreement representing more than 500 megawatts of solar energy the largest U.S. corporate solar energy deal to date.

The estimated energy production of our domestic renewable energy portfolio is more than 2.3 GWh annually, with more than 4.7 million kWh coming from on site sources and more than 2.31 billion kWh from our off site solar and wind contracts currently in production.

In Argentina, we’ve reached a 1,200 MWh year agreement to contribute renewable energy to the grid supporting our DIRECTV central office through 2025.

And in Mexico, we’re implementing a 40 GWh year agreement to supply renewable energy to approximately 1,200 network sites.

Provide sustainability information for all AT T branded network connected consumer mobile devices.

Rated 100% of eligible devices We reached our target and, in 2020, continued to score 100% of eligible mobile device models under our Eco Ratings system, which rates products from 1 to 5 stars for 20 different environmental and social criteria across 5 different categories.

Collect 200 million devices for reuse, refurbishment or recycling by end of year 2020.

Committed more than 600 million Since 2008, we’ve committed more than 600 million to programs that help students succeed in school and discover their career passions and potential.

In support of GradNation’s goal to increase the U.S. high school graduation rate to 90% by the class of 2020.17 AT T will invest in education and training programs that use technology to address education challenges, help students get through high school and beyond, and provide the skills needed to get and keep good jobs.

Develop and deploy a robust methodology to understand the impact of the AT T network’s GHG emissions on society.

Demonstrate positive social and environmental impacts of AT T connected devices and solutions through internal and external collaboration.

By 2025, AT T will enable carbon savings 10 times the footprint of our operations by enhancing the efficiency of our network and delivering sustainable customer solutions.

Deliver connectivity solutions that enable business customers to reduce a gigaton (1 billion metric tons) of GHG emissions by 2035.

Measuring and reporting our GHG impact Working with leading non government organizations, industry groups and peer companies, AT T developed a credible methodology to measure the GHG impacts of customers’ use of AT T technology in an effort to track progress against our 10x carbon reduction goal.

Developing innovative solutions and sharing case studiess AT T continues to develop innovative technologies such as AI, VR and the IoT that can, by collaborating internally and externally, improve quality of life and the world around us especially in the areas of GHG, health, accessibility, public safety, education and more.

We collaborate internally and externally on these initiatives and highlight our solutions in published case studies.

Read more at business.att.com categories iot for good and att.com gigaton.

Enabled customer GHG emissions reductions 5.5x our footprint Through numerous internal initiatives, AT T’s 2020 operational footprint decreased to approximately 5.8 million metric tons of CO2e. 2020 tracked customer GHG emissions savings enabled by AT T reached an annualized 31.3 million metric tons of CO2e achieving approximately 55% of our 2025 10x goal.

In 2021, seeking a more ambitious goal for the enablement of customer GHG emissions reductions, we retired our 10x goal and announced the AT T Gigaton Goal (see below).

Enabled 72.4 million metric tons of customer emissions savings We announced our gigaton goal in 2021 and will report progress annually.

This goal will calculate the cumulative impact of emissions savings from 2018, when we first calculated AT T customer emissions reduction enablement, until 2035.

From 2018 2020, cumulative tracked customer emissions reductions enabled by AT T total 72.4 million metric tons of CO2e achieving approximately 7% of our gigaton goal.

In 2019 2020, spend 3 billion with Black owned suppliers across the U.S.

Integrated sustainability performance metrics for 80% of spend In 2020, we achieved our goal to integrate sustainability performance metrics into our sourcing decisions for 80% of our spend.

AT T Global Connections and Supply Chain continued to require suppliers to adhere to our Principles of Conduct for Suppliers through our Supplier Portal and contract agreements.

We led 2 on site supplier factory audits as a member of JAC.

We continue to incorporate sustainability oriented standards and analyses into sourcing decisions, including the insertion of sustainability clauses into requests for proposals (RFPs) and agreements, training our sourcing managers on the principles of sustainability and providing updates to sourcing managers on the sustainability performance of existing suppliers.

We have extended this goal through 2025 and will continue reporting progress annually.

Spent 3.1 billion with Black owned suppliers We exceeded our 2 year target and through the end of 2020, spent 3.1 billion with Black owned suppliers across lines of business including legal, professional services, warehousing, logistics, advertising and marketing services, fuel, construction and engineering, property management and fiber installation.

Support technology applications that solve educational challenges through the AT T Aspire Accelerator.

AT T will promote STEM training through ongoing education programs.

Launched Aspire Accelerator 1 Million Skills Building Challenge In 2020, we launched another cohort for the Aspire Accelerator 1 Million Skills Building Challenge, which provides financial investment, access to expert services and mentorship to education startups dedicated to skills development.

Companies participating in our 6 previous cohorts are currently reaching more than 45 million students and have attracted more than 50 million in external funding after graduating from the program.

Hosted 65 Year Up interns In 2020, we hosted 65 Year Up interns at AT T around the U.S. and have revised our goal due to delays in placements caused by the COVID 19 pandemic.

Through our revised goal, we will host and hire 200 Year Up interns and alumni annually by 2023.

Investing in credential and degree programs Inspired by Lumina Foundation’s goal to increase the number of Americans with high quality post secondary degrees or credentials to 60% by 2025,18 AT T has invested in credentialing, certification or specialized degree programs that help propel students in their careers.

Support for Udacity Nanodegree programs that provide online educational pathways to industry relevant skills.

Contributions to Per Scholas to support software engineering and cybersecurity instructions, certification and career coaching.

Collaboration with the University of Oklahoma, Notre Dame, North Carolina A T State University, the University of Texas at El Paso, Hampton University and Champlain College to create opportunities for degrees or certifications in specialized fields.

In 2021, we evolved our strategy to focus on helping bridge the digital divide and announced a 3 year, 2 billion commitment to help bring affordability, educational resources and economic opportunity to the millions of Americans who don’t have broadband connectivity today.

With this revised focus, we will no longer be tracking progress toward this Advanced Degrees target.

Work to ensure 50% of our suppliers (covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and downstream leased assets as a portion of spend) set their own science based Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG targets.

Help establish clear, agreed upon industry sustainability metrics to measure the environmental and social impact of technology supply chains.

Promote the use of sustainability metrics in industry sourcing.

Develop and follow an industry roadmap toward truly sustainable performance among our suppliers.

Through the end of 2020, 40% of our suppliers by spend have set science based GHG targets.

Amazing things happen when potential meets opportunity.

We’re committed to helping people thrive in an increasingly connected world.

TIA QuEST Forum: AT T helps lead the working group advancing the adoption of the TIA Sustainability Assessor tool, which we also use with our own suppliers.

CDP: AT T requests that our strategic suppliers respond to the annual CDP supply chain survey, which we use to gather their GHG emissions data, reduction goals and associated progress.

JAC: We work with JAC to conduct CSR audits of our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities, the results of which are shared with JAC member telecommunications companies.

Sustainable Purchasing Leadership Council (SPLC): AT T uses guidance documents provided by the SPLC, which provide information on sustainable purchasing standards, tools in the market and guidance for conducting RFx (request for) purchasing evaluations.

Such industry collaboration is ongoing and as we look forward to our new collection of goals for 2030 and beyond we will no longer be tracking progress toward this target.

Everyone should have access to the tools and resources to fulfill their potential.

We’re committed to helping people thrive by narrowing the digital divide, addressing climate change and supporting our communities in times of need.

Through the power of broadband connectivity, AT T brings opportunity to life for individuals, businesses and communities every day around the globe.

We’ll act on this vision by finding new ways to connect and innovate.

Provide connectivity, resources and collaboration to create equitable opportunity for people and communities to thrive in a connected world.

Innovate and lead in broadband powered climate solutions to create a healthy and connected planet where everyone can thrive.

Through connectivity and innovation, AT T has set goals to improve lives and foster a more equitable, prosperous society through 2030 and beyond.

Recognizing societal needs are constantly changing, we’ll continuously evaluate our opportunity to drive impact and evolve operational goals and targets accordingly.

While the challenges we face are significant, the opportunity is even greater.

Together, we can realize our vision for a connected world where all people can thrive.

Provide connectivity and resources to create equitable opportunity for people to learn and thrive.

Invest 2 billion by 2024 to help bridge the digital divide.

By 2025, provide 1 million K 12 students with the technology and or skills needed to succeed through the AT T Connected Learning program.

Reach 60,000 schools in Latin America through ESCUELA by 2030.

Reach 1 million people with tools and resources to engage safely and positively on all screens by 2030.

Engage 50% of our employees worldwide in communities through grassroots volunteerism and giving initiatives by 2030.

Beyond emergency response and network disaster recovery, help 1 million people prepare for and recover from the impacts of disasters by 2030.

Innovate and lead in broadband powered climate solutions to create a healthier and more connected planet where everyone can thrive.

Achieve carbon neutrality for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2035.

Achieve our science based target to reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 63% (2015 base year) by 2030.

Deliver connectivity solutions that enable business customers to reduce a gigaton (1 billion metric tons) of GHG emissions by 2035.

Reduce the amount of U.S. waste we send to landfill 30% (2019 base year) by 2030.

Achieve 15% reduction (2019 base year) in U.S. water use in areas of high extremely high water stress by 2030.

Integrate sustainability performance metrics into our supply chain sourcing decisions for 80% of our spend by 2025.

Work to ensure that 50% of our suppliers (covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and downstream leased assets as a portion of spend) set their own science based Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG targets by 2024.

Consistent with the requirements of the FCC DIRECTV Merger Order.

Household income based on 135% or less than federal poverty guidelines.

Eligibility determined by the National Lifeline Eligibility Verifier (National Verifier), managed by the Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC). For more information on eligibility criteria for the EBB visit getemergencybroadband.org.

In May 2021, we entered into an agreement to combine our WarnerMedia segment, subject to certain exceptions, with a subsidiary of Discovery, Inc.

The transaction is subject to approval by Discovery shareholders and customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals.

Education Week: https: www.edweek.org ew section multimedia map coronavirus and school closures.html.

In February 2021, we agreed to contribute our North America video business including DIRECTV, AT T TV and U verse to form a new company with TPG Capital.

The transaction is pending customary closing conditions.

Supplier diversity spend and performance excludes content and programming spend.

The management approach and data detailed reflect the activities of the AT T Global Connections and Supply Chain organization within AT T Communications.

This time is provided in excess of any time provided by state or local law and any short term disability benefits time off for recovering mothers.

The United States does not have a legally required minimum for paid family leave.

Currently, the 1993 federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) offers 12 weeks of unpaid maternity leave.

Scope 1 emissions include direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by the company (such as the fleet).

Scope 2 emissions include indirect emissions that result from the generation of purchased energy.

The 2nd Annual AT T Digital Family Poll was developed and conducted by the research firm Quadrant Strategies and was conducted online from July 7 to 19, 2020.

The poll surveyed 500 teens (aged 13 18), 500 parents of kids (parents aged 25 37 of children under age 12) and 500 parents of teens (parents aged 30 of teens aged 13 18) living in the United States.

The survey’s margin of error is plus or minus 4.38% percentage points for each of these audiences.

Poll findings are available at: https: about.att.com content dam snrdocs ATT_Digital_Family_Report_2020.pdf.

Device recycling and reuse data cover AT T Inc. U.S. operations only.

Graduation rate as measured by GradNation, a campaign of America’s Promise Alliance: https: gradnation. americaspromise.org .

Degree credential rate as measured by the Lumina Foundation: https: www. luminafoundation.org stronger nation report 2021 nation.

This goal is focused on network, consumer equipment and corporate services spend, and does not include video content and entertainment companies.

U.S. carbon footprint not inclusive of supplier emissions.

From 2016 2019, we utilized intensity metrics relative to data traffic on our network (denominator), including satellite traffic.

After achieving our 2020 water and energy intensity goals in 2019, we have transitioned to intensity metrics relative to our total number of subscribers (North America wireless, wireline voice and domestic broadband), as identified in our 2020 Corporate Annual Report.

Electricity use is the numerator and is a proxy for total energy use.

This figure is equivalent to our water use for domestic operations, our freshwater consumption and our withdrawals from municipal sources.

Data not inclusive of AT T operations in Latin America or WarnerMedia. 2020 data is inclusive of select Warner Bros. locations.

These incidents are employee injuries and illnesses that are required to be documented on the OSHA 300 log.

While we realized a 2020 decline in employee participation related to COVID 19 requirements for social distancing, average giving per employee donor remained at pre pandemic levels, reflecting AT T employees’ continued commitment and generosity.

Inclusive of AT T Communications and Xandr. 2019 2020 totals also inclusive of WarnerMedia.

AT T ESG Summary May 2021 This document represents a summary of our corporate responsibility efforts and progress.

Further reporting on our ESG performance and impact can be found online through the materials below or at about.att.com csr reporting.

ESG Reporting Indexes (GRI, SASB, TCFD, UNGC, UN SDGs).

Printed by an AT T diverse supplier, a certified woman owned business enterprise (WBE), using zero VOC ink.