More Energy, 
Less Emissions

Sustainability & Climate 
2023 Progress Report

English version
March 2023

10 KPIs COVERING THE PERIOD 2023-2025 IN SUPPORT OF OUR TRANSFORMATION

OUR KPIs

OUR CONTRIBUTION TO SDGs

TotalEnergies, becoming a global player in Sustainable Energy

1   Low-carbon energy produced, or low-carbon energy sold (in energy unit)

2    Energy consumption (in energy unit) and low-carbon energy consumption (in energy unit)

3    Number of suppliers with local sales over $10,000 with a climate commitment, i.e. having a plan with climate goals 

(in number and in % of total number of suppliers)

4    Number of innovative solutions that help us use less and better energy, or produce and sell more low-carbon energy

Thanks to our commitment to a just transition for our people

5    The level of employee engagement measured once a year via TotalEnergies’ engagement index

6    Number of hours of training per employee per year

7    Share of women among NP14+ (in %) and share of international staff among NP15+ (in %)

TotalEnergies saves natural resources

8    Sum of weight of recycled waste and recycled feedstock (in tons)

9    Number of biodiversity plans being deployed

TotalEnergies creates shared value

10    Share of spending with local stakeholders as a % of total spending = local wages + local spend  

+ societal spend/opex + capex (in %)

TotalEnergies has been a member of the UN Global Compact since 2016 and supports the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Each year we issue a special report1 that details 
our progress in fulfilling the SDGs. That report supplements the Company’s other voluntary reporting initiatives, including our GRI report2 and the Global Compact Communication on 
Progress3.

1. https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/documents/2022-11/SDG_Report_2021-2022.pdf 2. https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/reports-and-indicators/reporting-standards/gri 
3. https://cop.unglobalcompact.org/view/8462

TOTALENERGIES’ 
AMBITION IN SUPPORT 
OF SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT

—

TotalEnergies’ ambition to be  a major  player  in 
the  energy  transition,  on  the  road  to  net  zero 
by  2050,  together  with  society,  will  require  the 
mobilization of our 100,000 employees.
More  than  27,000  TotalEnergies  employees 
took  part  in  workshops  during  2022,  to  dev­
elop  ten  objectives  and  indicators  aligned  with 
the  United  Nations  Sustainable  Development 
Goals (SDGs). In 2023, every TotalEnergies site, 
business unit and affiliate worldwide will adopt 
an action plan with targets to be met by 2025. 
Each plan is based on actions that are directly 
related to the entity’s local operations in the field. 
These  plans  form  our  Sustainab’ALL  program,  
in  which  TotalEnergies  sets  out  its  material 
contribution to sustainability.

01

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsTable of contents

OUR 4 AXES OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

02

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsGovernance  06Focus onOur projects in Uganda and Tanzania 39Glossary 105Creating Shared Value  83Climate and Sustainable Energy 41People’s Well-Being 61Care for the Environment 73Our Indicators 96Our Ambition 08Transforming Ourselves toReinvent Energy 22 01TotalEnergies’ Ambition to Support SustainabilityForeword by Patrick Pouyanné 03 Chairman and CEOMessage from Marie-Christine  05Coisne-RoquetteLead Independent Director and Chair of the Governance & Ethics CommitteeMore Energy, 
Less
Emissions

PATRICK POUYANNÉ, MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

T he year 2022 was a year of upheaval 

that  will  not  soon  be  forgotten.  War 
returned to Europe, sowing unaccept­

able horror in its path.

Among  the  multiple  international  impacts  of 
this  war  started  by  Russia,  this  conflict  has 
clearly  revealed  just  how  crucial  energy  is  as 
a resource and how much the energy markets 
are  making  countries  interdependent.  The 
stakes  of  supply  security  and  energy  prices 
have become just as important as the urgent 
need to decarbonize energy. 

In  this  environment,  TotalEnergies  did  all  it 
could to contribute to Europe’s energy security 

03

and continue to serve its customers around the 
world. 

The Company was able to do this because of 
its proactive, years­long strategy to develop an 
integrated LNG portfolio. 

In  2022,  TotalEnergies  further  accelerated  its 
LNG  strategy  in  response  to  Europe’s  supply 
challenges.  This  involved  diversifying  supply 
sources,  notably  from  the  United  States; 
bringing new regasification capacity on stream 
in  Germany  and  France  with  floating  storage 
and  regasification  units  (FSRUs);  investing 
in  new  production  capacity,  for  example  in 
Qatar,  to  prepare  the  future;  all  while  using 

technologies  that  make  it 
possible  to  achieve  ever 
larger reductions in CO2 and 
methane emissions. Indeed, 
in  electricity  generation, 
natural  gas  offers  the  great 
advantage of emitting only half as much CO2 
as coal, an energy on which many countries are 
still too dependent. At the same time, we have 
continued  to  reduce  our  methane  emissions 
while  taking  action  to  encourage  the  entire 
oil  and  gas  industry  to  aim  for  zero  methane 
emissions by 2030. 

From  a  broader  perspective,  2022  made  it 
more  obvious  than  ever  that  the  world  still 

needs  the  energies  available  today,  of  which 
fossil  energies  account  for  more  than  80%. 
For  this  reason,  we  will  continue  to  invest  in 
new  oil  projects.  Not  to  grow,  but  simply  to 
meet  still  expanding  global  demand,  notably 
in developing countries. And also to anticipate 
the natural decline in our current fields’ output 
(4%  per  year)  to  ensure  that  our  customers 
continue  to  have  reliable  access  to  energy  at 
an affordable cost.

The immediate focus 
must be on building 
the energy system of 
tomorrow while 
continuing to supply 
the energy the world 
needs today.”

Today’s  world  also  has 
a  growing  need 
for 
renewable  electricity  and 
new low­carbon energies 
to  address  the  climate 
challenge. Events in 2022, 
among them heat waves, 
agricultural  drought, 
melting glaciers and more 
frequent and intense 
hurricanes,  reminded  us 
that  urgent  action  must 
be  taken  to  decarbonize 
o u r   e c o n o m i e s .   T h e 
immediate  focus  must  be  on  building  the 
energy  system  of  tomorrow  while  continuing 
to supply the energy the world needs today.

This  is  why  TotalEnergies  chose  to  invest  
massively: close to $4 billion in 2022, or a quar­
ter of our total capital expenditure, in electric-
ity  and  low-carbon  molecules,  thereby  lifting 
our  gross  production  capacity  for  renewable 
electricity to 17 gigawatts, the equivalent of  

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWe are embarking on a profound transforma­
tion  that  requires  all  our  energies  –  society 
and citizens included.

Every  step  counts  on  the  road  to  the  energy 
transition. Let’s take that road together.  

Patrick Pouyanné

6­7  nuclear  reactors.  In  2023,  we  will  invest 
around  $5  billion  in  low­carbon  energies 
– more than our investments in new gas and 
oil projects – to move forward even faster. 

We  are  resolutely  building  the  future  today, 
by leveraging our strengths. Our 2022 results 
show  that  we  have  made  the  right  strategic 
choices. These include continuing to provide 
oil competitively as long as there is demand, 
developing  in  LNG  (a  segment  in  which  we 
generated  $10  billion  operating  cash  flow) 
and investing profitably in electricity markets 
(we  posted  income  of  $1  billion  for  the  first 
time  in  our  history).  In  2022,  TotalEnergies 
recorded the highest growth in net cash flow 
per  share  and  achieved  the  highest  return 
on capital employed among its peers. These 
2022 results prove that we can combine the 
strongest  profitability  of  all  the  majors  with 
the highest multi­energy investments among 
the  majors  to  support  and  accelerate  the 
transition. 

Beyond these financial results, we are proud 
of  the  tangible  progress  in  our  low­carbon 
energy projects. We will meet our worldwide 
gross  installed  capacity  goal  for  renewable 
electricity in 2025 and are already working on 
projects to achieve our objective of 100 GW by 
2030. 

Beyond these financial 
results, we are proud of 
the tangible progress in 
our low-carbon energy 
projects.”

OUR STRATEGY WAS CONFIRMED
AND STRENGTHENED IN 2022
In  2023,  we  will  be  even  more  aggressive  in 
reducing  our  Scope  1  &  2  emissions  with  a 
new  target  in  absolute  value  of  38 Mt CO2e 
by  2025.  That’s  two  million  tons  lower  than 
our previous target, while including our power 
activities  that  did  not  exist  in  2015.  This  is 
possible  thanks  to  the  active  involvement 
of  all  the  Company’s  teams  in  a  $1  billion 
program devoted to energy efficiency in 2023-
2024.  Fewer  emissions,  and  lower  energy 
costs as well.

We  are  also  strenghtening  our  objective  for 
reducing  Scope  3  emissions  from  our  oil 
activities from ­30% to ­40% by 2030 in relation 
to  2015,  and  -30%  by  2025.  In  addition,  our 
objective for lowering the carbon intensity of 
the energy mix sold to our customers has been 
strengthened  from  ­20%  to  ­25%  by  2030  in 
relation to 2015, and ­15% by 2025.

We  are  committed  to  ensuring  that  our 
businesses  and  projects  create  value  and 
positive  change.  We  are  working  towards 
that  goal,  in  accordance  with  our  Code  of 
Conduct,  in  our  interactions  with  all  of  our 
stakeholders:  employees,  customers  and 
partners,  host  countries,  local  communities 
in our core territories, civil society, suppliers 
and shareholders.

Our progress report is designed to describe, 
transparently,  the  implementation  of  our 
ambition to get to net zero by 2050, together 
with  society,  and  the  tangible  advances 
made  every  day  in  deploying  initiatives  to 
promote a sustainable transition. It responds 
to the controversies we encounter with solid 
proof of our transformation.

We  cannot  carry  out  this  transformation 
alone,  without 
the  commitment  of  all 
our  stakeholders.  Our  investments  in  the 
production  and  distribution  of  low­carbon 
energies  will  only  make  a  difference  if  we 
all decide to change the way we use energy. 
That’s  the  logic  behind  our  approach  of 
openness,  discussion  and  exchange  in  our 
everyday interactions with our stakeholders. 

04

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Delivering on 
Commitments

MESSAGE FROM MARIE-CHRISTINE COISNE-ROQUETTE,
LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AND CHAIRWOMAN OF 
THE GOVERNANCE & ETHICS COMMITTEE.

 This crisis 

as was the case for the Company’s project in 
Uganda. 
To  support  our  global  transformation,  the 
Board of Directors is strengthening our ranks 
by asking shareholders to 
approve  the  appointment 
of two new directors who 
will provide specific exper­
tise  in  our  growth  drivers 
in  electricity  and  renewa­
bles, as well as in today’s 
energies, 
further 
and 
diversify the Board’s inter­
national profile.

demonstrated 
our resilience and 
our steadfast 
ambition to transform 
into a multi-energy 
company.”

We  are  proud  to  state  that  we  are  leading 
the field in our industry in the transformation 
toward a multi-energy model. 

T otalEnergies  is  solidly  committed  to 

making  the  transition  to  low  carbon 
energy while continuing to supply the 

energy our customers need.

The 2022 invasion of Ukraine by Russia, which 
is the world’s second largest producer of oil 
and  natural  gas,  sparked  a  human  crisis  at 
the heart of Europe as well as a global energy  
crisis that has affected every economy in the 
world, from homes to businesses. In view of 
evolving  sanctions,  the  Board  of  Directors 
was  mobilized  throughout  2022  to  support 
the actions to be taken by the Company in line 
with European governments and with our val­
ues and strategy, in order in particular to help 
secure Europe’s energy supply.

This  crisis  demonstrated  our  resilience  and 
our  steadfast  ambition  to  transform  into  a 
multi­energy company, able to respond to the 
energy  needs  of  today  while  preparing  the 

05

decarbonized  energy  sys­
tem of tomorrow. 
In  2023,  for  the  third  con­
secutive  year  and  keeping  up  with  our  com­
mitment,  the  Board  invites  our  shareholders 
to  express  themselves  on  the  progress 
made  in  2022,  in  the  light  of  our  objectives 
and  our  implementation  of  the  Company’s 
strategy.  With  additional  financial  resources,  
TotalEnergies  is,  moreover,  accelerating  its 
ambition  for  sustainability  and  the  energy 
transition toward carbon neutrality. 
This report is a live testimony on the Compa­
ny’s  actions,  undertaken  in  contribution  to  a 
transparent  dialogue  with  shareholders  and 
many other stakeholders.
Every project submitted to the Board is exam­
ined  from  a  financial  perspective  as  well  as 
an  extra-financial  perspective  that  includes 
the  climate  and  CO2  emissions.  Large­scale 
operational projects are carefully reviewed for 
their impact on people and the environment, 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsGovernance

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Chairman and
Lead Independent Director

Audit 
Committee

Governance 
and Ethics 
Committee

Compensation 
Committee

Strategy & CSR 
Committee

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Executive Committee

Gas, 
Renewables 
& Power

Exploration 
& 
Production

Refining & 
Chemicals

Marketing & 
Services

OneTech

Strategy & 
Sustainability

Finance

To  define  its  strategy  and  take  into  account 
the  challenges  posed  by  climate  change, 
TotalEnergies  relies  on  a  clearly  defined 
organizational  structure  and  governance. 
Climate  issues  are  addressed  at  the  highest 
levels of the organization, by both the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Committee.

Board of Directors

TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors is dedicated 
to  promoting  long­term  value  creation.  It 
defines  the  Company’s  strategic  objectives 
and annually reviews opportunities and risks, 
such  as  financial,  legal,  operational,  social 
and  environmental  risks,  and  the  measures 
taken  in  response.  It  ensures  that  both  the 

investment 
Company’s  strategy  and  the 
projects  submitted  for 
its  consideration 
take account of climate concerns. To aid the 
Board in carrying out its duties, a continuous 
training  program  on  climate  was  approved 
for  the  Directors  in  2021.  It  includes  a 
variety  of  modules  on  the  following  topics: 
energy,  climate  change  and  environmental 
risks,  financial  risks  and  opportunities.  In 
2022  the  Directors  took  part  in  the  Climate 
Fresk,  a  creative  and  collaborative  scientific 
workshop  designed  to  raise  climate  change 
awareness.

Strategy & CSR Committee
During  their  annual  seminar  in  2022,  the 
members of the Strategy & CSR Committee 

met  Larry  Fink,  Chairman  &  Chief  Executive 
Officer  of  Blackrock,  in  addition  to  concrete 
work  sessions  on  areas  such  as  new  ener­
gies for transport by 2030 (road, sea and air).

Compensation Committee
For the past several years, the Board of Direc­
tors has also incorporated climate issues into 
corporate pay structures (see infographic). 

The  Audit  Committee  annually  reviews  the 
consolidated statement of non-financial per­
formance,  which  includes  information  from 
the  Company’s  climate  and  environmental 
reporting,  the  compliance  and  fairness  of 
which is subject to a limited assurance review 
by an independent third party.  

06

SPECIALIZED COMMITTEES  
FOR ADDRESSING OUR  
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

9 meetings of the Board of 
Directors

98.4% attendance rate

1 executive session chaired 
by the Lead Independent Director

7 meetings of the Audit 
Committee

100% attendance rate

4 meetings of the Governance 
& Ethics Committee

94.4% attendance rate

3 meetings of the 
Compensation Committee

100% attendance rate

4 meetings of the 
Strategy & CSR Committee

100% attendance rate

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsThe Executive Committee

VARIABLE COMPENSATION ALIGNED WITH  
THE COMPANY’S STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

The  Chairman  &  Chief  Executive  Officer  of 
TotalEnergies, assisted by the Executive Com­
mittee, ensures that climate issues are taken 
into  account  and  built  into  operational  road­
maps.  The  Executive  Committee  is  respon­
sible  for  identifying  and  analyzing  risks  that 
could prevent TotalEnergies from reaching its 
objectives.

The  TotalEnergies  Risk  Management 
Committee  (TRMC)  assists  the  Executive 
Committee.  The  TRMC’s  primary  duties  are 
to ensure that the Company’s risk mapping is 
updated on a regular basis and that its existing 
risk management processes, procedures and 
systems are effective (see p. 17).

The Strategy & Sustainability Division coor­
dinates  the  Company’s  activities  through 
the  entities  in  charge  of  strategy  and  mar­
kets analysis, sustainability and climate, and 
safety, health and environment, relations with 
public authorities and civil society, and inter­
nal  audit.  Its  president  also  chairs  the  Risk 
Committee (CoRisk), which is in charge of the 
Company’s investments .

The Finance General Directorate ensures an 
ongoing dialogue with investors, analysts and 
non-financial rating agencies on climate chal­
lenges and Environmental, Social and Govern­
ance (ESG) issues more broadly. In all, more 
than  250  ESG  meetings  were  held  in  France 
and worldwide in 2022. 

07

ANNUAL VARIABLE PORTION

Chairman & CEO
criteria account for 39%

Senior Executives:
criteria account for 30%

61 %

11 %

6 %

8 %

6 %

8 %

35 %

10 %

15 %

5 %

35 %

 Safety performance 1
 GHG reduction 1
  Supervision of the transformation strategy 1
  Profitability of renewables 1
 CSR performance 1
 Financial performance 1

 Safety
  GHG reduction 
 Diversity – New in 2022
  Individual performance2
  Financial performance

PERFORMANCE SHARE RECIPIENTS

From the Chairman and CEO to all beneficiary employees 3 : 
criteria account for 30%

15%

30 %

15%

 Financial performance
  GHG reduction

70 %
70%

1. Maximum percentage. 2. According to 
the role. 3. More than 12,000 employees.

COMMITMENT

TOTALENERGIES’ RESPONSIBLE 
AND GRADUAL WITHDRAWAL 
FROM OPERATIONS IN RUSSIA
—
In the wake of Russia’s military aggression against 
Ukraine, TotalEnergies SE set out its principles 
of conduct in March 2022: ensuring strict 
compliance with EU sanctions, regardless of the 
impact on the management of its Russian assets; 
providing no further capital for the development 
of projects in Russia; taking no action that would 
subvert the goal of the sanctions by transferring 
value to Russian interests; helping to secure 
Europe’s energy supply; and not entering into new 
contracts or renewals for the purchase of Russian 
oil or petroleum products, in order to discontinue 
all purchases by the end of 2022. In accordance 
with these principles, TotalEnergies has continued 
to supply Europe with LNG from its Yamal LNG 
plant under long-term contracts, and has sold 
several assets that were not contributing to this 
supply, including its minority interests in the 
Kharyaga and Termokarstovoye fields.

In December 2022, TotalEnergies decided to 
withdraw the Company’s representatives from 
Novatek’s board, and accordingly ceased to equity 
account for its stake in Novatek in its accounts. 
The Company recorded total Russian impairments 
and provisions of $14.8 billion in 2022.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOur ambition

OFFSHORE 
WIND FARM.

09 

11 

12

13 

14 

16 

17

18

20 

21

How Can We Respond to Current 
Energy Demand While Preparing 
for the Future?

A Net Zero Company by 2050, 
Together With Society

Why Continue to Invest in Oil?

2020-2030, A Decade of 
Transformation for Now  
and the Future

Investments Aligned With Our 
Multi-Energy Strategy 

Just Transition: A Prerequisite for  
a Successful Energy Transition

Our Climate-Related Risks

A Resilient Portfolio

2022 Taxonomy: A Company 
 in Transition

Making the Case for the Energy 
Transformation

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
How Can We 
Respond to Current 
Energy Demand 
While Preparing 
for the Future? 

The Monein solar power plant in Pyrénées-Atlantiques (France), developed by TotalEnergies Renewables.

09

T he energy transition is well underway, 

but the world still uses fossil fuels to 
meet 81% of its energy needs. Keeping  
global warming well below 2°C, in line with the 
Paris  Agreement,  requires  that  we  drastical­
ly  reduce  consumption  of  fossil  fuels  (coal, 
oil,  gas)  and  make  the  world  energy  system 
evolve by building the new low­carbon energy 
system at a much faster pace. Our collective 
challenge – which became evident in 2022 – 
is  to  reconcile  the  energy  transition  with  the 
need  for  energy  security  and  concerns  over 
its cost.

When  the  supply  of  oil  or  natural  gas  is 
restricted while demand continues to rise the 
social impact is immediate and very high, due 
to the resulting increase in energy prices and 
insecurity of supply. 

To meet the challenge of the energy transition 
and  still  ensure  that  reliable  energy  is  avail­
able in the short term at the lowest possible 
cost, the world needs to invest in two energy 
systems simultaneously so as to: ensure the 
current system continues to operate respon­
sibly,  and  at  the  same  time  speed  efforts  to 
build  a  new  system  centered  on  low­carbon 
energies  (renewable  electricity,  biofuels  and 
biogas,  clean  hydrogen  and  synthetic  fuels, 
CCS  solutions  to  offset  residual  fossil­fuel 
emissions). 

Two other levers will also deliver immedaite 
results: replacing coal in energy use whenever  
possible,  and  investing  heavily  to  improve  
energy efficiency. 
That, in a nutshell, is TotalEnergies’ strategy: to 

continue providing the energy the world needs 
now, notably natural gas to replace coal, while 
responsibly and sustainably accelerating the 
transition to low carbon energy solutions. This is 
how, in concrete terms, we support the goals of 
the Paris Agreement, which calls for a reduction 
in greenhouse gas emissions in the context of 
sustainable development and the fight against 
poverty, and which aims to keep the increase 
in average global temperatures well below 2°C 
compared to pre­industrial levels.

The year 2022 has reinforced our confidence 
in our strategy. We are investing with discipline, 
at a time when our markets continue to evolve 
at an uncertain pace. Our portfolio of multi­ 
energy businesses gives us the flexibility and 
optionality to position ourselves as a leader in 
the energy transition, regardless of its speed.  

“TotalEnergies, 
multi-energy 
company,
supports the 
objectives of 
the 2015 Paris
Agreement.”

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
We Are Becoming a 
Multi-Energy Company 

increase 

The  energy  transition  depends,  first  on 
electrifying  energy  use,  which  will  require 
a  massive 
in  green  electricity.  
TotalEnergies is expanding across the entire 
electricity  value  chain  (intermittent  renewa­
ble  production,  flexible  gas-fired  power  pro­
duction, storage, trading, customer sales) in a 
profitable way. 

Our  goal  is  to  build  an  Integrated  Power 
business  with  a  return  on  average  capital 
employed higher than 10% and to rank among 
the world’s top five providers of solar and wind 
energy  by  2030,  with  gross  capacity  of  100 
GW and an interim target of 35 GW by 2025 
(17 GW reached as of year-end 2022).

Second,  the  energy  transition  depends  on 
the  development  of  new,  low­carbon  ener­
gies (biofuels and biogas, clean hydrogen and 
synthetic fuels combining hydrogen and car­
bon) that TotalEnergies has the core skills to 
produce.  We  are  expanding  into  these  new 
markets  by  focusing  on  circular  resource 
management and deploying less mature tech­
nologies  at  our  own  sites  to  test  their  busi­
ness viability. 

For  natural  gas,  a 
transition  energy,  
TotalEnergies  continues  to  expand  across 
the liquefied natural gas (LNG) value chain to 
consolidate  its  position  as  the  world’s  third­
largest  player.  LNG  plays  a  key  role  in  the 
net­zero roadmaps of many coal­consuming 
countries.  It’s  also  a  perfect  partner  for 

10

intermittent  renewable  energies  given  that 
flexible and dispatchable CCGT plants provide 
a  secure  electricity  supply  in  the  context  of 
weather events and fluctuations in demand.

Regarding oil, the Company is highly selective 
and focuses its investments on projects with 
a low breakeven point and low emissions. This 
strategy enables us to take full advantage of 
global  oil  demand,  which  continues  to  grow 
but  should  begin  to  decline  in  the  medium 
term, due to the electrification of transport; it 
ensures that our businesses will remain prof­
itable and resilient over the long term. 

As  they  evolve,  the  energy  markets  are 
becoming  increasingly  interconnected  and 
interdependent,  particularly  since  electricity 
– the energy at the center of the transition – is 
a secondary energy, meaning that it depends 
on other energies and markets. 

Our integrated multi­energy strategy and our 
solid  financial  base  are  strengths  that  allow 
us  to  be  a  major  player  in  the  sustainable 
energy the world needs and make the most of 
current developments including the potential 
price volatility they may cause. 

ENERGY TRANSITION

HOW IS NATURAL GAS KEY TO 
THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
— 
Natural gas can replace coal for numerous 
applications (power generation, manufacturing, 
etc.), so it has an immediate positive impact,  
since its carbon emissions are half those of coal. 
That should be a global priority. 

Flexible and easily dispatchable, natural gas  
is also an ideal partner for renewable energies,  
which are intermittent and seasonal by nature,  
for power generation. 

In order for gas to live up to its potential for  
the energy transition, methane leaks need to be 
eliminated from the gas value chain. TotalEnergies 
has already reduced its emissions and is 
committed to zero methane emissions. 

In addition, LNG has demonstrated its key role in 
connecting gas consuming countries with large 
natural gas resources available on a global scale.

For these reasons, gas is a core component  
of roadmaps for getting to net zero in many 
coal-consuming countries, including the UK,  
the US, Germany, Japan, South Korea, China  
and elsewhere.

Conversely, the crisis in the natural gas markets in 
2022 has unfortunately triggered a boost in global 
demand for coal, which reached historic highs in 
2022. The IEA reported in December 2022 1 that 
Europe’s demand for coal, primarily for power 
generation, rose 6% against a backdrop of serious 
disruption in the European electricity markets.

1. IEA Oil Market Report, February 2023.

NEW ENERGIES

ACCELERATING THE MOVE TO
RENEWABLES AND 
STRENGTHENING POWER GRIDS
—
Electrification of end-user demand thanks to 
clean power is one of the biggest drivers of 
the energy transition. Renewables, already 
the primary factor in decarbonizing the power 
mix, are experiencing accelerated growth. 
According to the International Energy Agency 
(IEA), solar and wind capacity increased  
threefold between 2015 and 2021 (by 85 GW  
and 246 GW respectively). But this is not enough. 
TotalEnergies shares that view. 

As the penetration of intermittent renewable 
energies increases, massive investments to 
upgrade power transmission and distribution 
networks are also required, as well as storage 
solutions and flexible power plants. Global 
investments in renewables and power grids  
are already outpacing investment in oil and  

gas production by nearly 100%. Here too,  
we need to go further: we also share the IEA’s 
belief that annual investment in low-carbon 
power must, at a minimum, double by 2030  
to reach between $1.5 and $2 trillion, with half 
devoted to grids.

TotalEnergies aims to reach 100 GW in gross 
installed wind and solar capacity by 2030, and 
is among the ten major companies worldwide 
(including six Chinese firms) that are targeting 
triple-digit renewable energy generation over  
the course of the decade. 

Electrification is gaining pace, which is in  
turn taking carbon out of a growing number of 
applications – especially transportation, the most 
oil-intensive industry.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsA Net Zero 
Company by 2050, 
Together With 
Society

regard 

W ith 

to  greenhouse­gas 
emissions,  TotalEnergies  is  com­
mitted to lowering its carbon foot­
print from energy production, processing and 
delivery to our customers. 

First of all, the Company is executing an ambi­
tious  action  plan  to  reduce  the  greenhouse 
gas  emissions  for  which  we  are  directly  
responsible  (Scope  1+2  emissions  at  our 
operated  assets)  to  the  strict  minimum.  We 
are  further  investing  in  carbon  storage  and 
sequestration  projects  so  as  to  “neutralize” 
our  residual  emissions  and  be  able  to  offer 
those  CCS  solutions  to  our  major  industrial 
customers.

Although  the  speed  of  the  transition  will 
depend on the pace of change in government 
policies, consumer behaviors and correspond­
ing demand, TotalEnergies has embraced the 

11

need  to  offer  our  customers  affordable,  less 
carbon­intensive energy products, and to lend 
support to our partners and suppliers with their 
own low­carbon strategies.

Drawing  on  the  actions  already  taken  to 
evolve  our  energy  offerings  and  reduce  car­
bon  emissions  from  our  operations,  in  2022 
TotalEnergies  published  an  outline  of  what 
our businesses might look like as we become 
a  carbon­neutral  energy  company  by  2050, 
together with society.

By 2050, TotalEnergies would produce: 
•  about  50%  of  our  energy  in  the  form  of 
low­carbon  electricity,  with  corresponding 
storage  capacity,  totaling  about  500  TWh/
year,  on  the  premise  that  we  develop  about 
400 GW of renewable capacity. 
•  about  25%  of  our  energy,  equivalent  to 
50 Mt/year of decarbonized fuels in the form 

of biogas, hydrogen, or synthetic liquid fuels 
from the circular reaction H2 + CO2 = e­fuels.
•  about  1  Mb/day  of  oil  and  gas  (about  a 
quarter of the total in 2030, consistent with the 
decline envisaged in the IEA’s 2021 Net Zero  
scenario),  primarily 
liquefied  natural  gas 
(roughly  0.7  Mboe/day,  or  25-30  Mt/year) 
with  very  low­cost  oil  accounting  for  the 
rest.  Most  of  that  oil  would  be  used  in  the 
petrochemicals  industry  to  produce  about 
10  Mt/year  of  polymers,  of  which  two  thirds 
would come from the circular economy.

That oil and gas would represent: 
• about 10 Mt of residual emissions annually, 
with  methane  emissions  almost  eliminated 
(below  0.1 Mt CO2e/year);  those  emissions 

would be offset in full by projects using nature­
based solutions (natural carbon sinks). 
• Scope  3  emissions  totaling  about  100  Mt 
annually.  To  get  to  net  zero  together  with 
society, TotalEnergies would help “eliminate” 
the  equivalent  of  100  Mt/year  of  CO2 
generated by our customers by developing: 
-  a carbon storage service for customers that 
would store 50 to 100 Mt/year of CO2;
-  an  industrial  e-fuels  business  that  would 
prevent  25  to  50  million  tons  of  CO2  for 
our  customers  through  production  with 
100%  green  hydrogen,  while  offsetting  the 
intermittent nature of renewable energies to 
make  them  a  viable  replacement  for  fossil 
fuels. 

TOTALENERGIES IN 2050: A VISION FOR A NET ZERO COMPANY

IEA NZE ENERGY 1 MIX  
IN 2050

TOTALENERGIES’ 2050 ENERGY 
PRODUCTION & SALES 

TOTALENERGIES NET ZERO

22 %

Oil, Natural
Gas & Coal

19 %

Bioenergy

25 %

25 %

0.2-0.3 Mb/d

10 Mt/year 
polymers

25-30 Mt/y

Scope 1+2 4
Mt CO2e

Scope 3 5
Mt CO2e

~10

~100

Oil, LNG & Gas

Low-carbon
molecules 3

0

± 50 Mt/y

NBS
10 Mt CO2e

2050

2050

CCS : 
50-100 Mt CO2e
CCU 
(e-fuels/e-gas)
25-50 Mt CO2e

59 %

Decarbonized 
electricity 2

50 %

Integrated
Power

± 500 TWh/y

CCS : 7 Gt CO2e

CCS : 50-100 Mt CO2e

Net Zero lifecycle 
carbon intensity 6

-100%

1. IEA WEO 2021 - NZE scenario. 2. Hydro, solar, wind and nuclear. 3. Biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e-fuels/e-gas. 4. From operated facilities. 5. From 
energy products used by our customers (GHG Protocol Category 11). 6. Average carbon intensity of energy products used by our customers worldwide 
(Scope 1+2+3).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWhy Continue to 
Invest in Oil?

in  2023  would  exceed  2019  levels,  rising  to 
102 Mb/d – (whereas the NZE scenario pub­
lished in 2021 projected falling demand from 
2019, to 93.5 Mb/d in 2023).

(NZE) 

Agency  (IEA)  published 
Emissions 

I n  May  2021,  the 

International  Energy  
its  Net  Zero 
scenario  outlining 
changes in world energy demand that would 
be compatible with a 1.5°C scenario “without 
overshooting the related carbon budget.” The 
strict  assumptions  used  for  the  evolution 
in  energy  demand  between  now  and  2030 
prompted the IEA to assert that the world had 
no need for new oil and gas projects. Indeed, 
under that “normative” scenario, demand for 
oil  between  2020  and  2030  declines  at  the 
same rate as the natural depletion of fields, i.e 
about 4% a year. 

This  scenario  does  not  claim  to  forecast 
actual changes in energy demand, and since 
its  publication  the  IEA  has  released  several 
demand  forecasts  that  reveal  the  extent  to 
which the world is deviating from that norma­
tive  outlook.  Demand  for  oil  is  by  no  means 
declining in line with the depletion of existing 
fields;  in  fact,  demand  is  rising.  In  February 
of  this  year,  the  IEA  projected  that  demand 

12

in 

The IEA’s forecasts for short­term oil demand 
are 
line  with  TotalEnergies’  analyses: 
although  we  concur  with  the  NZE  scenario 
regarding  oil  demand  in  2050,  the  demand 
curve  for  2020­2030  put  forward  to  achieve 
it  is  clearly  very  far  from  observed  market 
trends.

The  IEA  updated  its  scenarios  in  the  World  
Energy Outlook published in October 2022. In 
the wake of the 2022 energy crisis, it acknowl­
edged  the  importance  of  balancing  supply 
and demand for the energies currently used 
throughout  the  world.  Under  its  Announced 
Pledges Scenario (APS), which is compatible 
with the Paris Agreement, global oil demand 
would peak in 2030 and then subside, but at 
a slower pace than the natural rate of oil field 

decline. So new oil projects will be necessary.
The  chart  below  compares  oil  production  in 
the APS scenario to the production capacity 
of existing fields (TotalEnergies’ assessment 
shown in red in the chart). The gray area indi­
cates  the  shortfall  in  available  production, 
meaning  new  projects  that  will  need  to  be 
launched, even under the 1.7°C scenario.

That  is  why  TotalEnergies  believes  new  oil 
projects are needed to meet continued strong 
demand, maintain prices at an acceptable lev­
el and create the conditions for a “just” tran­
sition that gives people time to change their 
energy practices. 

1. IEA Oil Market Report of February 2023.

WORLD OIL PRODUCTION FORECAST COMPARED TO IEA NZE  
AND APS SCENARIOS

Production Mb/d

  Production gap between IEA APS scenario  
and existing fields production
  TEO 1 world oil supply of the existing fields,  
decline 4%/year 
  Oil production of the NZE IEA 2022
  Oil production of the APS IEA 2022

IEA APS 2022 1.7°C

IEA NZE 2022 1.5°C

100 

80 

60 

40 

20 

0 

Tungsten Explorer, Moho North project 
(The Republic of the Congo). 

2018

2022

2030

2040

2050

1. TotalEnergies Energy Outlook. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators2020-2030, 
A Decade of 
Transformation for 
Now and the Future

T he vision of our potential transforma­

tion  by  2050  is  backed  by  an  invest­
ment  policy  designed  to  accelerate 
low­carbon  solutions  (electricity  and  renew­
able  energies,  biogas  and  biofuels,  low­car­
bon fuels, CCS) while we continue to meet the 
world’s current energy demand. 

The world’s population continues to grow and 
the inhabitants of emerging nations have legit­
imate  aspirations  to  higher  living  standards, 
comparable to those of Western countries. The 
years  2020  to  2030  will  mark  TotalEnergies’  
transformation into a true multi­energy com­
pany. 

In  practical  terms,  over  the  current  decade 
2030, TotalEnergies plans to:
• Increase our energy production from 14 PJ/
day  to  20  PJ/day  to  meet  growing  demand. 
Electricity (primarily renewable power) would 
account for half that increase, with target pow­

13

er generation of about 130 TWh, and liquefied 
natural gas would make up the balance, while 
oil production by 2030 will remain stable;
•  Pursue  efforts  to  decarbonize  the  ener­
gy  products  offered  to  end  customers,  by 
decreasing  our  sales  of  petroleum  products 
by more than 30% to align those sales with a 
production of about 1.4 Mb/day. That reduc­
tion  is  consistent  with  our  strategy  of  inte­
gration across value chains, and reflects the 
anticipated decline in fuel demand in Europe, 
where the shift to electric road transportation 
is well underway. As a result, oil will account 
for  no  more  than  approximately  30%  of  our 
total sales, compared to 55% in 2019.

This  expected  evolution  in  our  activities  in 
2030  underpins  TotalEnergies’  carbon  emis­
sions  commitments  over  that  same  period, 
which are described in the section on Climate 
and sustainable energy. 

ENERGY PRODUCTION AND SALES

PJ/d (excluding Russia)

ENERGY PRODUCTION

ENERGY SALES

20 

10 

+ 4 %/y

20%

40%

40%

20%

Low-carbon 
molecules

Electricity

50%

LNG

Pipeline
Gas

30%

Oil

2022

2025

2030

2022

2025

2030

Oil
•  Maintaining the cash flow engine
•  Aligning sales to demand  

and production

Gas 
• Growing LNG production 
•  Integration along the LNG value 

chain

Integrated Power
•  Creating value from integration in 

electricity

•  Renewables: 100 GW by 2030, ROE 

> 10%

Low-carbon molecules
•  Growing biofuels (SAF), biogas, 

CCS business

•  Developing low-carbon H2 for  

our refineries

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsInvestments Aligned 
With Our Multi-
Energy Strategy 

14

Seagreen (Scotland) offshore wind farm under construction.

T he challenge posed by the energy tran­

sition is to move as quickly as possi­
ble  from  the  current  energy  system 
(which is more than 80% based on fossil fuels) 
to a decarbonized system. For a company like 
TotalEnergies, that means continuing to sup­
ply our customers with the energy they need 
now, while accelerating our investment in the 
low­carbon energies that will dominate in the 
future: we must invest in both systems simul-
taneously  and  strike  the  right  balance  to 
ensure a just transition (see p. 9). 
In 2022 our investments totaled $16.3 billion, 
including $4 billion in low­carbon energies. In 
2023, we expect that figure to increase to $5 
billion. That sum exceeds our projected capi­
tal expenditure for new oil & gas projects ($4.5 
billion).  In  the  coming  years,  investments  in 
low-carbon energies will represent 1/3 of our 
investments, more than new oil&gas projects 
(30%).
Consistent  with  our  commitment  to  build  a 
multi­energy  company,  we  have  decided  to 
publish financial indicators for the Integrated 
Power segment as of the first quarter of 2023 
to  demonstrate  our  ability  to  combine  prof­
itable  growth  and  sustainable  development 
while generating value for our shareholders.

Continuing to invest with discipline: 
our decision criteria 

In a global economic context marked by infla­
tion, it is essential to maintain our investment 
criteria  to  ensure  the  profitability  and  resil­
ience of our portfolio.
Each material investment project is evaluated 
in relation to the Paris Agreement’s objectives 

2022 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

N e w  
projects

 Oil

16.3 B$
2022

Maintain

  Integrated 
Power

4 B$
in low-carbon 
energies

  Low-carbon 
molecules

LNG & Gas

OUTLOOK 2030

e

c

n

a
n
O il

a i n t e

M

  Integrated 
Power

~33 %
in low-carbon 
energies

 Oil

14-18 B$/year
through cycles

e

c

n

n

a
a s

a i n t e

G

M

  Low-carbon 
molecules

LNG & Gas

~30 % 
in new projects

and on the basis of the following criteria:
•  Project  profitability  is  analyzed  in  a  hydro­
carbon  price  scenario  compatible  with  the 
Paris  Agreement  (Brent  at  $50  per  barrel 
according  to  the  IEA  APS  scenario  limiting 
global warming to 1.7°C, and Henry Hub at 
$3  per  MMBtu)  and  with  a  carbon  price  of 
$100 per ton (or the current price if higher in 
a given country).  

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators•  For  new  oil  and  gas  projects  (greenfield 
and acquisitions), the intensity of Scope 1+2 
greenhouse  gas  emissions  is  compared, 
depending  on  their  nature,  to  the  intensity 
of  the  average  greenhouse  gas  emissions 
of  upstream  production  assets  or  that  of 
various  downstream  units  (LNG  plants, 
refineries) of the Company. As of 2023, the 
threshold  has  been  lowered  for  Upstream 
projects  to  19 kilograms  of  CO2e/boe,  ver­
sus  20  kilograms  of  CO2e/boe  previously 
– evidence  of  the  effectiveness  of  our  cri­
teria. For additional investments in existing 
assets (brownfield projects), the investment 
will have to lower the Scope 1+2 emissions 
intensity of the asset in question. The goal 
is for each new investment to contribute to 
lowering the average intensity of the Compa­
ny’s Scope 1+2 greenhouse gas emissions in 
its category. 

•  For  projects  involving  other  energies  and 
technologies  (biofuels,  biogas,  CCS,  etc.), 
GHG  emissions  reductions  are  assessed 
based  on  the  amount  by  which  they  will 
reduce the Company’s emissions.

Fenix gas project in Argentina; Lapa South­ 
West in Brazil.

•  Liquefied  Natural  Gas:  Acquisition  of  an 
interest  in  NorthField  East  LNG  and  North­
Field South LNG in Qatar for Upstream and 
two FSRUs in France and Germany.

•  Petrochemicals: the Amiral project in Saudi 

Arabia.

•  Integrated  Power:  a  variety  of  solar,  wind 
and BESS projects gained from the acquisi­
tion of Clearway Energy in the United States; 
acquisition  of  CoreSolar;  the  ACC  giga­ 
factory in France.

•  Low carbon molecules: Hydrogen: a network 
of  hydrogen  stations  for  trucks  in  Europe; 
biogas:  South  Fork  in  the  United  States, 
acquisition of PGB in Poland; SAF: new unit 
at Grandpuits, France (Galaxie project).

•  Natural  Carbon  Sinks:  Maya  in  Guatemala 

and Tambopata in Peru.

•  CCS: acquisition of a storage licenses in  

Denmark and for Ichthys in Australia.

For projects greenlighted in 2022: 
•  Profitability  exceeds  the  internally  defined 
threshold,  in  a  scenario  compatible  with 
the  Paris  Agreement’s  objectives,  with  the 
exception  of  natural  carbon  sink  projects, 
which are evaluated on the basis of the actu­
al cost of a ton of CO2 .
•  The Scope 1+2 greenhouse gas intensity is 
below the average intensity of their catego­
ry for new oil and gas projects and reduced 
for brownfield projects, additional measures 
to  control  emissions  will  be  needed  since 
the emissions intensity of certain upstream 
projects  increases  over  time  as  production 
declines.

Upstream gives precedence to value creation 
and  cash  generation  over  volume  and  puts 
a  priority  on  developing  low­cost  (typically 
below $20/boe for operating and investment 
costs)  or  low­breakeven  and  low­emissions 
projects  (typically  below  $20/b  for  operat­
ing  and  investment  costs)  or  low­breake­

ven  (typically  less  than  $30/b  including  tax) 
and  low-emissions  (typically  less  than  19 kg 
CO2/b) projects.

In  accordance  with  the  Company’s  new  bio­
diversity ambition (see  p. 75), all new invest­
ment  projects  must  also  meet  the  zero  net 
deforestation criterion.

Our divestments in 2022 

Divestments in 2022 totaled $1.4 billion, and 
most were connected with our policy of partial 
disposal of renewable assets once they have 
been commissioned, the sale of our interest 
in  Block  14  in  Angola,  the  sale  of  shares  by 
SunPower, the partial sale of the Landivisiau 
CCGT plant and the sale of the Sarsang field 
in Iraq. 

2022 APPROVED OIL & GAS PROJECTS

Our investment decisions in 2022 

Technical costs

•  Technical costs include operating costs  

and investment costs.

•  The break-even points include the taxation of 

the project and exclude the dividend.

Break-even 
points 
< 30 $/boe

GHG emission intensity
% vs. portfolio average

160%

20$/boe

100%

60%

20%

0 

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0 

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

In  2022,  after  an  evaluation  based  on  these 
criteria,  43  investments  were  approved.  The 
most significant by category are as follows:
•  Upstream Oil & Gas: expansion of the CLOV 
field and development of the Begonia oil field 
and  Quiluma  and  Maboqueiro  gas  fields  in 
Angola; the Snøhvit compression project and 
development of Eldfisk North in Norway; the 
launch of Ballymore in the United States; the 

15

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsJust Transition: 
A Prerequisite for 
a Successful Energy 
Transition

H ow  can  we  move  to  a  sustainable 

development  model  that  meets  the 
vital needs of the planet’s 8 billion cur­
rent inhabitants today, and over 8.5 billion by 
2030 1,  without  compromising  the  ability  of 
future generations to meet their own needs? 
As  the  effects  of  global  warming  become 
more  visible,  nations  are  now  faced  with  the 
essential task of a large­scale transformation, 
particularly of their energy systems. 

the 

Beyond 
technological  and  financial 
challenges it will pose, this transition process 
must be just if it is to succeed. It must provide 
the least developed countries with the clean, 
reliable  and  affordable  energy  they  need 
for  their  growing  populations  aspiring  to  a 
higher standard of living. The most developed 
nations, in turn, will need to assist those who 
could be adversely affected by that transition, 

should  for  example  their  job  disappear  or 
the cost of this transition put them in energy 
poverty.

TotalEnergies is a major player in the energy 
transition. We are mindful of the issues relat­
ed to a just transition raised by our activities 
and  our  own  transformation  to  achieve  net­ 
zero emissions by 2050, together with society, 
and we are providing concrete answers (see 
table). 

We  are  particularly  sensitive  to  the  need  to 
enhance  our  employees’  skills,  guarantee 
decent wages and maintain social dialogue, in 
the spirit of the International Labour Organiza­
tion’s guiding principles on just transition and 
the Paris Agreement. 

(1) Source un.org

16

A JUST TRANSITION FOR ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS

THE EXPECTATIONS
—
Our answers

Our employees

Our suppliers

Our customers

ENSURE EMPLOYABILITY, 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, 
SOCIAL PROTECTION 
AND ATTRACTIVE JOBS
—
•  Guarantee decent jobs  

around the world

•  Anticipate changes in 

disciplines by adapting  
and developing skills

•  Our Care Program (health, 
social protection, ways  
of working, family sphere)

•  Diversity and inclusion
•  Social dialogue

PROMOTE 
DECARBONIZATION 
AND SUPPORT THE VALUE 
CHAIN’S TRANSITION
—
•  Train our buyers in 

sustainability 

SUPPORT THE TRANSITION 
TOWARDS LOW CARBON, 
AFFORDABLE ENERGY 
CONSUMPTION
—
•  Provide access to affordable 

energy

•  Raise awareness and train  

•  Contribute to decarbonization  

our suppliers 

•  Strengthen sustainability 

requirements in our 
procurement and audit 
processes

•  Share and promote best 

practices

•  Collaborate with players  

in the value chain

of mobility

•  Support B2B customers in 

decarbonizing their industrial  
and commercial operations

•  Promote responsible energy use

See p. 68 to 72

See p. 92

See p. 41 to 60 and 89

Our communities

Our host countries

CONTRIBUTE TO THEIR RESILIENCE AND TO 
SUSTAINABLE SOCIO-ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
—
•  Protect natural resources and biodiversity
•  Respect the rights of affected communities
•  Manage the negative impacts of our activities
•  Contribute to sustainable local development by 
cooperating with communities and civil society

PARTICIPATE IN ENERGY PROJECTS THAT 
ADDRESS HOST COUNTRIES’ CHALLENGES
—
•  Deploy a multi­energy offering
•  Promote transparent, responsible taxation and the 

fight against corruption

•  Advocate and collaborate internationally and with 
other companies on the transition’s challenges in 
host countries

See p. 65 to 67 and 73 to 95

See p. 21 and 83 to 95

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOur Climate-
Related Risks

T he risks posed by climate change are 

included among the risks analyzed by 
the  TotalEnergies  Risk  Management 
Committee  (TRMC).  TotalEnergies  ranks  its 
risks by type and gravity. 

In 2022, the TRMC updated its risk mapping 
and  submitted  the  results  to  the  Board  of 
Directors in early 2023. In the opposite table, 
TotalEnergies'  risks  are  positioned  in  rela­
tion to identified generic risks, in accordance 
with the recommendation of the Taskforce on  
Climate­related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).
The TRMC also verifies the use of appropriate 
risk management systems. Additional action 
plans can be defined when necessary.

Audits  are  conducted  to  ensure  that  exist­
ing  risk  reduction  and  control  measures  are 
effective. Personnel from multiple disciplines, 
segments and businesses may collaborate in 
carrying out these action plans and audits.
The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Direc­
tors  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  inter­

17

nal  control  and  risk  management  systems 
established  by  senior  management,  in  light 
of identified risks and with a view to fulfilling 
TotalEnergies’ objectives. 

Effects of drought on a reservoir.

EXTRACT FROM TOTALENERGIES’ RISK MAPPING

Following the recommendation of the task force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

Transition risks

Physical risks

Policy and legal risks 

Technology risk

Market risk

Reputation risk 

Acute risk

Chronic risk

Pace of the energy transition deployment, evolution of 
the demand

Financing of oil and gas reserves

Operational risks related to the effects of climate change 
and extreme events

Risk of legal action

Reputation risk

Risks related to skills management and changes in jobs

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsA Resilient 
Portfolio

T otalEnergies  has  succeeded  in  creat­

ing  a  more  resilient  portfolio  through 
very  active  portfolio  management  in 
recent years: the upstream portfolio has seen 
a 50% change since 2015, for an oil reserves 
replacement  ratio  above  100%  over  2015­
2021  (excluding  Russia).  Our  portfolio  has 
a  low  breakeven  point,  in  line  with  the  Com­
pany’s  objective  of  keeping  below  $30/b  (in 
2022 the pre­dividend organic cash breakeven 
point stood at $23.2/b), which ensures that its 
resources  remain  competitive.  For  its  oper­
ated upstream oil and gas activities in 2022, 
TotalEnergies had the lowest production cost 
per  barrel  and  the  lowest  greenhouse  gas 
emissions  intensity  (Scope  1+2)  among  its 
peers, at around $5/boe and 17 kg CO2e/boe 
respectively.  The  average  life  of  the  Compa­
ny’s proved and probable oil and gas reserves 
is  17  years  and  the  discounted  value  of  its 
upstream  Oil  and  Gas  assets  beyond  2040 
represents less than 15% of their total value.

Risks of stranded assets 

In  June  2020,  TotalEnergies  determined  that 
among its upstream assets, only the Fort Hills 
and  Surmont  oil  sands  projects  in  Canada 
could be classified as stranded assets, mean­
ing assets with reserves beyond 20 years and 
high production costs, whose overall reserves 
might therefore not be produced by 2050. 

TotalEnergies  has  decided  to  consider  only 
proved  reserves  for  the  impairment  tests  on 
these  two  assets  – contrary  to  the  gener­
al  practice  which  includes  both  proved  and 
probable  reserves –  and  not  to  approve  any 
new  capacity  expansion  project  on  these 
Canadian oil sands assets.
This portfolio management approach allows 
TotalEnergies to mitigate the risk of stranded 
assets in the future if the risks of a structur­
al decline in demand for oil and gas material­
ize faster than estimated as a result of stricter 
global  environmental  regulations  and  con­
straints and the changes in consumer prefer­
ences that would follow.  

18

MERIT CURVE OF GLOBAL OIL PRODUCTION COST 1

Technical cost, $/b

40 

20 

0 

0

40 

20 

0 

0

2030
2030

Long-plateau
oil assets

Oil portfolio 
average

50

NZE
(1.5°C)

APS
(1.7°C)

STEPS
(2.5°C)

100

Mb/d

Global oil demand 
according to 
IEA scenarios

2040

Oil portfolio 
average

Long-plateau
oil assets

NZE
(1.5°C)

50

APS
(1.7°C)

STEPS
(2.5°C)

100

Mb/d

Global oil demand 
according to 
IEA scenarios

   As shown in the attached merit order curve of production costs up to 2030 and 2040, 
compared  to  the  demand  expected  under  various  IEA  scenarios,  TotalEnergies’ 
portfolio presents an average technical cost among the cheapest 50 Mb/d in these 
timeframes, thanks largely to long plateau and low-costs oil assets. 

1. Source: Rystad, IEA WEO 2022 scenarios (rise in global average temperature in 2100).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOil and gas sensitivity to 
carbon prices

TotalEnergies  assesses  its  portfolio’s  resil­
ience, including for new material investments, 
on the basis of relevant scenarios and sensi­
tivity tests. 

Each  material  investment  – including  in  the 
exploration,  acquisition  or  development  of  oil 
and gas resources, as well as in other energies 
and technologies – is reviewed in relation to the 
objectives set out in the Paris Agreement, so 
that every new investment enhances the resil­
ience  of  the  Company’s  portfolio  (see  p.14). 

Even if carbon pricing is not currently used in all 
of the Company’s host countries, TotalEnergies  
includes,  as  a  base  case,  a  minimum  carbon 
price  of  $100/t  in  its  investment  criteria  (or 
the current price in a given country, if higher); 
beyond 2028, it applies an annual increase of 
2%.

• Assuming a carbon price of $200/ton with 
an annual increase of 2% beyond 2028 (i.e. a 
$100/t increase from the base scenario begin­
ning in 2023), TotalEnergies estimates a nega-
tive impact of around 15% on the discounted 
present  value  of  its  assets  (Upstream  and 
Downstream).

•  In  relation  to  the  scenario  used  to  review 
investments  (Brent  at  $50/b),  application  of 
the IEA’s NZE price 1 scenario would lower the 
discounted  present  value  of  all  of  the  Com­
pany’s Upstream and Downstream assets  by 
around 15%.

Impairment of upstream assets

In  addition,  to  ensure  robust  accounting  of 
its  assets  in  the  balance  sheet,  the  Compa­
ny  uses  an  oil  price  trajectory  to  calculate 
impairment of its upstream assets. That tra­
jectory  is  stable  until  2030,  then  decreas­
es  linearly  to  $502022/b  by  2040;  from  2040 
it decreases to the price retained for 2050 in 
the IEA’s NZE scenario ($252022/b). The prices 
retained for gas in Europe and Asia decrease 
before  stabilizing  as  of  2027  and  until  2040 
at lower levels than today, with the Henry Hub 
remaining  at  $32022/MMBtu  over  that  period.  
Thereafter, those prices all converge with the 
prices in the NZE scenario in 2050.

Adaptation to physical risks 

We  take  climate  risk  into  account  in  the 
design of our facilities and in the evaluation 
of  our  sites  in  operation.  Climate  change 
potentially  has  multiple  consequences, 
including  rising  sea  levels  and  increased 
extreme weather events, that can negatively 
impact our operations. 

issued 

recommendations 

We  have 
for 
addressing  the  anticipated  changes  in  the 
climate  system  and  its  components  in  our 
facility design bases (metocean criteria). 

1.  World  Energy  Outlook  2022, Table  2.2  Fossil  fuel  prices  by  sce-
nario (p. 110).

19

Similarly, we evaluate the vulnerability of our 
sites  in  operation  to  weather  events  so  that 
their  consequences  do  not  affect  the  instal­
lations’  integrity  or  people’s  safety.  Internal 
studies have not identified any existing facil­
ities that are vulnerable to the consequences 
of climate change known to date. 

ULTRA-DEEP OFFSHORE 
ULTRA-DEEP OFFSHORE 
IS HELPING TO MEET  
TODAY'S DEMAND
— 
Technological advances in subsea engineering 
have enabled oil and gas exploration and 
production from increasingly deep waters since  
the late 1990s. “Ultra-deep” offshore is defined 
as water depths over 1,500 meters, which in 
the early 2000s represented the technical limit 
for drilling rigs and production facilities, largely 
exceeded since. 

Today, the evolution of these technologies no 
longer justifies distinguishing between, for 
example, developments at 1,200 m or 1,800 m 
of water. This water depth threshold does not 
make these reservoirs 'unconventional', because 
all fields are developed with facilities that use  
a continuum of conventional technologies.

In addition, ultra-deep offshore projects 
develop large-scale fields, benefiting from the 
latest technologies that allow them to achieve 
very competive CO2 emission intensities 
(~13 kg CO2e/boe on average). Also, the design 
of the necessary floating installations guarantees 

minimal impact on biodiversity. These greater 
water depths alone are not inevitably synonymous 
with higher safety risks. Ultra-deep offshore 
wells generally target reservoirs buried at shallow 
depths; the pressure and temperature within those 
reservoirs are well within the capacity of proven 
drilling technology. 

It is the combination of high-pressure reservoirs 
and significant water depths that can heighten  
the level of risk. TotalEnergies is no longer seeking 
to develop assets of that kind.

Ultra-deep offshore projects call for technology  
that only a limited number of major multinationals 
have mastered. All of those companies share 
a very high standard of performance, as 
TotalEnergies does with Petrobras in Brazil on the 
recent Mero, Lapa, Sepia and Atapu developments. 
Those projects also help to diversify – and thereby 
secure – the world’s oil supply. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
2022 Taxonomy:

A Company in Transition 

• In electricity and renewables:
-  Activities  related  to  renewable  energies 
(wind, solar, bioenergy and hydropower), as 
well as battery production.
-  Activities  related  to  new  energy  infrastruc­
ture  for  low  carbon  mobility  (charge  points 
for  electric  vehicles,  hydrogen  filling  sta­
tions).
-  Electricity generation from natural gas (com­
bined­cycle gas turbine power plants).

•  In  biofuels  and  chemistry:  Activities  relat­
ed to the manufacture of biofuels for use in 
transportation  and  certain  petrochemical 
activities,  including  biopolymer  production 
and  mechanical  or  chemical  recycling  of 
plastics.

•  The  Company’s  other  main  eligible  activi-
ties are the manufacture of biogas via anaer­
obic  digestion  of  biowaste  and  activities 
related to carbon sinks (carbon capture and 
storage, natural carbon sinks). 

Controlled perimeter (in %)

Turnover

CapEx

Turnover

CapEx

ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

ALIGNED ACTIVITIES

CAPEX ELIGIBILITY 
PROPORTIONAL VIEW

34%

27%

Other activities

Biofuels 
& Chemicals

17%

Electricity & 
Renewables

Power generation 
from natural gas

2020

2021

2022

Electricity and renewables

incl. Electricity generation from natural gas

er words, it contributes to one of the climate 
objectives 5  without  adversely  affecting  the 
other  environmental  objectives 6  and  meets 
minimum social standards. 
Our main eligible activities at TotalEnergies 

Biofuels and chemicals

Other eligible activities

TOTAL

CAPEX ALIGNMENT
PROPORTIONAL VIEW

31%

Electricity and renewables

incl. Electricity generation from natural gas

23%

Other activities

Biofuels 
& Chemicals

Electricity & 
Renewables

9%

2020

2021

2022

Biofuels and chemicals

Other eligible activities

TOTAL

2021

2022

2021

2021

2022

2021

2.4

1.1

7.4

0.1

9.9

3.0

1.8

4.4

0.1

7.5

2022

13.7

0.3

3.1

0.6

8.9

0.9

2.7

1.8

1.3

0.0

0.1

0.1

1.5

1.1

0.0

0.1

0.1

1.3

2022

13.3

0.0

0.6

0.6

8.0

0.0

0.3

1.8

13.4

17.4

10.1

14.5

ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

ALIGNED ACTIVITIES

2021

2022

2.6

1.0

8.5

0.1

11.2

3.2

1.6

5.5

0.2

8.9

2021

21.7

2022

29.8

0.6

4.1

1.6

0.2

3.5

0.7

27.4

34.0

2021

2022

1.6

0.0

0.2

0.1

1.9

1.4

0.0

0.1

0.2

1.7

2021

21.1

2022

29.5

0.0

0.5

1.6

0.0

0.6

0.7

23.2

30.8

1. Capex refers to the taxonomy standard. A reconciliation table is provided in the 2022 Universal Registration Document, Section 5.4.6. 2. Described 
in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of June 4, 2021. 3. Activities for which there is currently no economically or technologically viable low-carbon 
alternative. 4. Activities that enable other activities to contribute to the achievement of one of six environmental objectives. 5. The Taxonomy regu-
lation includes two climate objectives: (1) mitigation of climate change, and (2) adaptation to climate change. 6. Relating to the sustainable use and 
protection of water and marine resources; the transition to a circular economy; pollution prevention and control; and the protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystems.

Proportional view (in %)

Turnover

CapEx

Turnover

CapEx

P ursuant to European Union regulations, 

the  tables  below  show  the  proportion 
of eligible activities and aligned activ­
ities  in  the  turnover  and  CapEx 1  indicators, 
across the scope of the entities controlled by 
TotalEnergies, as well as a proportional view, 
proposed by the delegated regulation of July 
6,  2021.  This  proportional  view  includes  the 
contribution of joint ventures and companies 
in  which  TotalEnergies  has  significant  influ­
ence, accounted for by the equity method. 

Controlled scope – Proportional view
Given the size of the Company and its part­
nership­based  development  model  across 
the  integrated  electricity  value  chain,  the 
proportional  view  is  more  relevant  than  the 
controlled  scope.  Eligible  or  aligned  capex 
represented  more  than  30%  of  the  Compa­
ny’s  investment  in  2022  in  the  proportional 
view  – confirmation  of  the  growth  dynamic 
underway since 2020.

Eligible activities – Aligned activities 
An  eligible  activity 2  is  an  activity  that  falls 
into  one  of  the  following  categories  on  the 
list established by the European Commission: 
low­carbon, transitional 3 or enabling 4. 
An aligned activity is an eligible activity that 
also  meets  a  sustainability  criterion;  in  oth­

20

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsMaking the Case 
for the Energy 
Transformation

T otalEnergies  has  published  a  list  of 

its  industry  affiliations  on  its  website 
since 2016. 

The Company typically cooperates with these 
organizations  on  technical  subjects,  but 
some  take  public  stances  on  other  issues, 
such  as  climate.  Since  2019,  TotalEnergies 
has conducted a biannual assessment of the 
public positions on climate and other issues 
of the main industry organizations of which it 
is a member. The Company examines wheth­
er  those  positions  are  aligned  with  its  own, 
based on the six principles from its Advoca­
cy  Directive  (see  sidebar  below).  A  partial 
review is conducted in the intervening years. 
This  monitoring  and  evaluation  of  industry 
organizations continued in 2022: a complete 
review  began  at  the  end  of  the  year  and  will 
be completed in mid­2023. In 2022, most of 
the new organizations our entities joined were 
involved in the energy transition and low car­
bon energies.

Support for government action 
and climate disclosures

TotalEnergies supports the pledges made by 
nations worldwide to combat global warming 
as part of the Paris Agreement and publishes 
its positions on its corporate website 1.
In  Europe,  TotalEnergies  supports  the  “Fit 
for 55” package and specifically some of its 
key components, such as the broader use of 
carbon  pricing,  the  large­scale  expansion  of 
renewable energies, deployment of infrastruc­
ture (charge points, hydrogen) and the devel­
opment  of  low­carbon  fuels  and  renewables 
for the transportation industry. Our responses 
to the European Commission’s public consul­
tations on climate in 2022 are public and may 
be  viewed  online.  They  address  the  meas­
urement  of  emissions  from  transportation, 
certification  of  carbon  sinks  and  renewable 
energy and solar energy projects. TotalEnergies  
has  expressed  its  support  for  the  European 
Union’s carbon border adjustment mechanism 
as  part  of  the  EU  emissions  trading  system, 

21

and has indicated its backing for a European  
energy  union  to  the  President  of  France 
and  Germany’s  Chancellor.  TotalEnergies  
also  supports  the  digital  action  plan  of  the 
European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT) 
in favour of the energy transition. 
In  the  United  States,  TotalEnergies  supports 
the implementation of the Inflation Reduction 
Act and plans to capitalize on that legislation 
to accelerate the deployment of its activities in 
renewable energies. 
In  France,  TotalEnergies  has  joined  the  Eco­
Watt initiative led by RTE, the operator of the 
country’s electrical grid, to encourage respon­
sible energy consumption.

Consistent  with  its  commitment  to  transpar­
ency,  in  2022  TotalEnergies  lent  its  backing 
to new climate reporting standards proposed 
by the US Securities and Exchange Commis­
sion (SEC) and the International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB). The Company is also 
cooperating  with  the  Science  Based  Targets 
initiative that aims to develop standards appli­
cable to its industry in order to identify crite­
ria for compatibility with the goals of the Paris 
Agreement. 

1. Website link: https://totalenergies.com/info/our-advocacy-efforts-carried-out-addressing-climate-issues

REVIEW OF AFFILIATIONS 

BASED ON SIX KEY PRINCIPLES 

• Scientific position: TotalEnergies recognizes 
the link established by science between 
human activities, in particular the use of  
fossil fuels, and climate change. 

• The Paris Agreement: TotalEnergies 
recognizes the Paris Agreement as a major 
step forward in the fight against global 
warming and supports the initiatives of  
the implementing States to fulfill its aims.

• Carbon pricing: TotalEnergies supports 
the implementation of carbon pricing.

• The development of renewable energies:
TotalEnergies supports policies, initiatives 
 and technologies aimed at promoting  
the development of renewable energies  
and sustainable bioenergies (biofuels, biogas) 
as well as energies and technologies  
aimed at decarbonizing industrial processes  

and transportation, such as hydrogen,  
carbon capture and electric vehicles. 

• The role of natural gas: TotalEnergies 
promotes the role of natural gas as a transition 
fuel, in particular as a replacement for coal. 
TotalEnergies supports policies aimed at 
measuring and reducing methane emissions 
to move toward the ambition of zero methane 
emissions.

• Carbon offsetting: TotalEnergies promotes a 
policy of reducing greenhouse gas emissions: 
avoid; reduce by using the best available 
technologies; offset the minimized residual 
emissions. TotalEnergies supports the carbon 
offset mechanisms necessary to achieve 
carbon neutrality, through organized  
and certified markets ensuring the quality  
and sustainability of carbon credits.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsTransforming 
Ourselves to 
Reinvent Energy

PARKING SHADES 
IN RIVESALTES 
(FRANCE).

23

25

28

A Year of Action and Progress 
(2022 Highlights) 

Low-Carbon Electricity: 
Growth and Profitability

Natural Gas: A Key Fuel  
for the EnergyTransition

30

Eliminating Our Methane Emissions

32 

33 

Investments in Low-Cost, 
Low-Carbon Assets

Anticipating Changes 
in Demand by Adapting our 
Petroleum Product Sales

34

New Low-Carbon Energies

36 

37

Grandpuits: An Example  
of Circularity

Innovating to Accelerate  
the Energy Transition

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
Highlights

2022: A YEAR OF ACTION AND PROGRESS

FIRST QUARTER

SECOND QUARTER

THIRD QUARTER

FOURTH QUARTER

in Scotland with GIG and RIDG

—  Awarded a concession for a 1 GW 

—  Established an Excellence Center of Clean 

—  Awarded a concession to develop an offshore wind farm 
with a capacity of more than 3 GW in the United States

—  Awarded a concession for a 2 GW offshore wind farm  

  —  Acquired a 50% stake in Clearway, 

a major renewable energy firm in the 
United States

—  Launched TotalEnergies On, a start­up accelerator  

for France’s electricity and renewables sector

—  Acquired SunPower’s industrial and commercial  

solar power businesses in the United States

offshore wind farm in the US state of 
North Carolina

—  Acquired Core Solar and its portfolio 
of 4 GW of solar and energy storage 
projects in the United States

—  Announced first power at Scotland’s  

—  Started production at the 800 MW Al Kharsaah 

largest offshore wind farm, 51% owned by 
TotalEnergies 

Energy with DTU in Denmark 

solar power plant in Qatar

—  Acquired a 34% stake in a 12 GW solar and wind 
power portfolio and established a joint venture 
with Casa dos Ventos in Brazil

—  Awarded a contract in Flanders to install 4,400 

electric vehicle charging points on Belgium’s public 
roadways and operate them for twelve years

—  Reached the milestone of 500 MW of solar 
generation capacity at the Company’s B2B 
customer sites worldwide

—  Signed an agreement with Veolia to build the 

—  New electricity rates: created a consumption 

largest solar power plant for a desalination plant 
in Oman 

bonus to reward residential customers in France 
who reduce their power consumption

 —  Strengthened our strategic alliance with Sempra to 

develop the Vista Pacífico LNG project in Mexico and jointly 
develop several renewables projects in North America

  —  Selected by QatarEnergy as its first 
partner in the North Field East LNG 
project in Qatar

—  Launched the Upstream engineering studies 

—  Launched the Amiral project, a giant 

(FEED) for the Papua LNG project  

—  Launched the Fenix offshore gas project  

petrochemical complex for the production of 
higher­added­value chemicals in Saudi Arabia

—  Conducted the first ship-to-containership LNG  

—  Began detailed design studies for  

in Argentina

bunkering operation at the Port of Marseille in France

 —  Chosen by QatarEnergy as its first partner  
in the North Field South LNG project in Qatar

the Cameron LNG expansion project  
in the United States

—  Signed a long-term LNG sale and 

purchase agreement with South Korea’s 
Hanwha Corporation

—  Launched a campaign to detect 

methane emissions at more than 100 
operated sites worldwide using drones

—  Launched the Tilenga and EACOP projects in Uganda  

—  Launched the Ballymore development  

and Tanzania and signed a memorandum of understanding 
for the development of renewables in Uganda

in the US Gulf of Mexico

—  Started oil production from the first 

phase of Brazil’s Mero field, a low­cost, 
low­emissions project

—  Implemented multi-energy strategy in Angola 
with three new projects in oil, gas and solar 
power

—  Increased by 4% in our stake in Libya’s Waha oil 
concessions and a project to reduce gas flaring 
in the country

I

I

Y
T
C
R
T
C
E
L
E

g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o
r
u
O

S
A
G

L
I
O

23

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Highlights

2022: A YEAR OF ACTION AND PROGRESS

FIRST QUARTER

SECOND QUARTER

THIRD QUARTER

FOURTH QUARTER

—  Signed an agreement with Veolia to produce 

biomethane from waste and wastewater treatment 
facilities in more than 15 countries

—  Signed an agreement with New Hope Energy 
for a chemical advanced plastic recycling 
project in the United States 

—  Signed an agreement with Honeywell to promote 

advanced plastic recycling in Europe

—  Signed an agreement with Plastic Energy to 

—  Supplied 100% renewable fuel used  
by all cars in competition at the 2022  
Le Mans 24 Hours race in France

promote technology for advanced plastic recycling 
in Spain

—  Signed an agreement with ENEOS to develop 
sustainable aviation fuel production in Japan

—  Signed an agreement with Saria to secure 
feedstock for the production of sustainable 
aviation fuel at the zero­crude Grandpuits complex 
in France

—  Partnered with Air Liquide to produce renewable, 

low­carbon hydrogen at the zero­crude 
Grandpuits complex in France

—  Signed an agreement to supply sustainable 
aviation fuel to Air France­KLM for ten years

—  Began SAF production by coprocessing at the 

Normandy platform in France

—  Signed a collaboration agreement with Masdar and 
Siemens Energy to develop a green hydrogen project 
and produce SAF in the United Arab Emirates

—  Invested in the fund managed by New Forests for 

certified plantations and native forest conservation 
projects in various countries across Southeast Asia 
that will generate carbon credits

—  Signed an agreement with Compagnie des 
Bois du Gabon to develop a new model for 
forest management that combines sustainable 
harvesting with biodiversity preservation, 
generating carbon credits for Gabon

—  Signed an agreement to develop a CCS project 
to decarbonize production at Cameron LNG in 
the United States

—  Joined forces with INPEX and Woodside to 

develop a major offshore CCS project  
in Australia

  —  Signed an agreement with Holcim to develop  
the first zero carbon cement production facility 
 in Belgium

—  Signing by Northern Lights and Yara of  
an innovative commercial agreement for  
cross­border transport and CO2 sequestration  
in the North Sea.

g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o
r
u
O

s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
E

S
E
L
U
C
E
L
O
M
D
E
Z
N
O
B
R
A
C
E
D

I

I

S
K
N
S
N
O
B
R
A
C

24

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Low-Carbon 
Electricity: Growth 
and Profitability 

T he  low-carbon  electrification  of  ener­

gy demand is at the heart of the road­
maps  of  countries  committed  to 
carbon neutrality by 2050. As a result, electric­
ity is a fast­expanding market in which we are 
experiencing profitable growth. Our objective 
is to reach gross capacity for renewable elec­
tricity of 35 GW by 2025 and 100 GW by 2030, 
a  level  that  would  put  us  among  the  world’s 
top  five  producers  of  renewable  electricity 
(solar and wind). 

Our levers for growth with a return on average 
capital  employed  of  over  10%  are  selectivity 
in  our  choice  of  projects;  integration  across 
the  entire  electricity  value  chain  (generation, 
storage and trading, B2B and B2C sales); cost 

control using our project management and off­
shore  development  skills;  mobilizing  external 
financing at competitive rates and making par­
tial divestments to accelerate cash flow gener­
ation and diversify our portfolio’s exposure.

Executing our roadmap 
in renewables

Our  gross  installed  capacity  for  renewables 
rose from 10 GW in 2021 to 17 GW in 2022. 
Our 2025 objective for gross installed capac­
ity (worldwide) is secured; we are now work­
ing on projects to achieve our 2030 objective 
of 100 GW. The move to gain 100% control of 
TotalEren  in  2023  and  its  integration  within 
the Company will help us meet that goal.

Creating value by integrating 
across the electricity value chain

• Developing flexible generation and storage 
capacities
The intermittence of solar and wind projects 
creates a need for flexible generation and stor­
age capacity to ensure supply meets demand 
at all times and to guarantee grid stability.

Flexible  generation:  We  began  building  a 
dispatchable  power  generation  portfolio  in 
2015  consisting  of  combined­cycle  gas  tur­
bine (CCGT) plants. This portfolio’s capacity 

reached 5.6 GW1 in 2022 with the March 2022 
commissioning  of  the  CCGT  in  Landivisiau, 
France.  With  production  of  around  23  TWh 
in 2022 versus 8.4 TWh in 2021, these units 
helped  offset  the  impact  of  weather  events 
and the reduced availability of France’s nucle­
ar power plants. Ultimately, the CCGT units are 
targeted for decarbonization, either by chang­
ing their feedstock (biomethane or hydrogen) 
or  by  sequestering  their  emissions  through 
carbon capture and storage (CCS).  

1. From nine CCGT plants, two co-processing units and one gas-fired 
power and desalination plant.

GROSS INSTALLED CAPACITY FOR RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY

GW

+7 GW IN 2022

• ClearWay installed capacity in the U.S. (> 4 GW)
• Startup of Al Kharsaah in Qatar (800 MWp solar)
• Startup at AGEL in India (> 500 MW)
• Startup of Seagreen in Scotland
• Various projects in France and China

100 GW

+ 7 GW

17 GW

10 GW

In advanced 
development

Under 
construction

35 GW

60% non-operated

40% operated

Renewables

Flexible generation

Storage

Trading

Customers

2021

Délivered in
2022

2022

2025

2030

25

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsStorage: We are leveraging the technological 
expertise  at  SAFT,  which  is  also  making  the 
most  of  this  fast­growing  market.  In  2022, 
TotalEnergies commissioned a 25 MWh bat­
tery  energy  storage  system  (BESS)  at  the 
Carling  complex  and  SAFT  won  significant 
contracts  in  New  Zealand  (100  MW  BESS 
to  enhance  the  stability  of  the  national  grid, 
which  takes  up  a  growing  share  of  renewa­
ble energies) and Côte d'Ivoire (10 MW ESS to 
facilitate grid integration of the country’s first 
large­scale photovoltaic solar plant). 
New  objective  for  2030:  5  GW  of  storage 
capacity deployed worldwide. 

• Diversifying our market exposure
We aim to build a portfolio with a good balance 
between regulated markets (mainly emerging 
countries) and deregulated markets (primarily 
OECD countries and Brazil). In the latter, which 
are often more competitive, we see electricity 
prices trending upward over the long term. We 
rely on a combination of long­term contracts 
(PPA2  and  corporate  PPA)  and  exposure  to 
wholesale markets of up to 30% to make the 
most  of  the  value  created  by  price  fluctua­
tions.  In  2022,  we  developed  our  electricity 
trading capacity, which is both crucial for man­
aging this exposure and a competitive advan­
tage for optimizing the value of our projects.

• Developing our customer portfolio
Our  integration  across  the  electricity  value 
chain  goes  all  the  way  to  sales  to  end  cus­
tomers,  with  packages  tailored  to  consum­
ers  and  businesses.  In  2030,  our  objective 
is  to  serve  nearly  10  million  consumers  in 
Europe and to sell 130 TWh. We also aim to 

26

GROSS INSTALLED CAPACITY FOR RENEWABLES AT END-2022

In MW

Europe

Oceania

Americas

Asia

Africa

Total

Wind turbines

Photovoltaic

1,936 

20 

2,426 

492 

0 

4,875 

991 

325 

3,307 

6,871 

239 

11,734 

Other 3

134 

8 

62 

0 

15 

219 

TOTAL

3,061 

354 

5,796 

7,363 

254 

16,829 

FOCUS

OUR ACQUISITIONS IN 2022
—
United States: TotalEnergies acquired 50% of 
Clearway Energy, the country’s fifth largest 
player in solar and wind. The acquisition lifted 
our renewables portfolio in the United States to 
more than 25 GW and added to our positions in 
solar (8 GW of projects with SunChase and Core 
Solar) and offshore wind (4 GW of projects off 
the coast of New York and North Carolina).

Brazil: TotalEnergies created a joint venture with 
Casa dos Ventos, Brazil’s leading renewable 
energy company, to develop a 12 GW renewable 
energy portfolio that includes 6 GW already in 
operation, under construction or in an advanced 
stage of development (start-up within five 
years). 

reach 150,000 electric vehicle charge points 
in  operations.  For  our  industrial  customers, 
we offer long­term corporate purchase power 
agreements (CPPAs) from our solar and wind 
farms, as well as distributed solar generation 
solutions. 

In France, TotalEnergies is the market leader in 
solar power on buildings, having been award­
ed  projects  totaling  more  than  250  MW  in 
the  French  Energy  Regulatory  Commission’s 
CRE4 call for tenders since 2017 (see p. 55).    

2. Power Purchase Agreement. 3. Batteries, hydro, etc.

Maintenance operations on the Champagne Conlinoise wind farm (France).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOUR MAIN ELECTRICITY PROJECTS IN 2022
Gross installed capacity of renewable power at end-2022 by country (in MW) 

  Below 50 MW 

  50 - 500 MW 

  500 - 5,000 MW

  Over 5,000 MW

4

5

2

3

Major acquisitions in 
2022

1.  CLEARWAY ENERGY

  5th largest renewable energies 
company in the U.S., 25 GW  
non-operated portfolio

2.  CASA DOS VENTOS

  Major player in renewables in Brazil, 
partnership for 12 GW

Startup of large 
renewable projects

3.  AL KHARSAAH

  First large-scale solar power plant  
in Qatar, 800 MWp non-operated

4.  SEAGREEN

  United Kingdom, fixed-bottom  
wind farm, 1.1 GW operated

CCGT startup

5. LANDIVISIAU

  Combined cycle gas turbine plant  
446 MW in France

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

1

27

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsNatural Gas: 
A Key Fuel for the 
Energy Transition

1st loading of Enterprise LNG at the Cameron LNG liquefaction terminal in Louisiana (US).

28

be controlled across the value chain. We are 
working on that. 

With  48  Mt  sold  in  2022,  TotalEnergies  has 
strengthened its position as the world’s third 
largest  LNG  company.  99%  of  these  LNG 
sales went to countries committed to net zero 
emissions by the mid­century, giving them an 
alternative to coal and fuel oil (see p. 53).

LNG: Contributing to Europe’s 
energy security in 2022

We are the leader in regasification in Europe. 
We fully leveraged our capacities to offset the 
reduced deliveries from Russian gas pipelines 
by increasing the utilization rate from 50% in 
2021 to 86% in 2022. The connection of our 
assets  of  two  additional  Floating  Storage 
and  Regasification  Units  (FSRUs)  in  Lubmin, 
Germany  (late  2022)  and  Le  Havre,  France 
(planned for Q3 2023) will increase our total 
regasification capacity to more than 20 Mt in 
2023. To supply these terminals, TotalEnergies  
is  relying  in  particular  on  its  position  as  the 
leading exporter of U.S. LNG to Europe (more 
than 10 Mt in 2022). 

Pursuing our growth in LNG

In  the  gas  markets,  TotalEnergies  focuses 
on  Liquefied  Natural  Gas  (LNG),  which  can 
be  shipped  everywhere  in  the  world.  LNG 
accounts for around 11% of the total gas mar­
ket  and  saw  strong  growth  in  2022  (up  6%) 
due  to  interrupted  Russian  pipe  gas  imports 
to Europe. The imbalance between LNG sup­
ply and demand led to a sharp price increase, 
from which we benefited. 

On  the  flip  side,  certain  consumers  have 
reduced their demand: Pakistan, for example, 
announced in February 2023 that it intended 
to  build  new  power  plants  using  coal  rather 
than  gas  to  meet  future  electricity  demand. 
For  LNG  to  fully  play  its  role  in  the  energy 
transition, it must remain affordable and the 
associated  greenhouse  gas  emissions  must 

LNG PRODUCTION

Mt/y

30 

20 

10 

0 

+40%

Qatar NFE
ECA LNG
NLNG T7 

Russia

2021

2027

2030

including Russia

excluding Russia

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsFOCUS ON

Qatar: TotalEnergies selected as partner on 
NFE projects in June and NFS in September 
(3.5 Mt/y).

North America: Launch of Cameron Phase 
2 FEED.

Papua New Guinea: Launch of integrated 
FEED.

A GLOBAL AND INTEGRATED LNG TOP PLAYER

1ST US LNG EXPORTER TO 
EUROPE

Freeport LNG

Cove Point LNG

ECA LNG 1
Vista Paciﬁco

Cameron LNG
Sabine Pass LNG

CorpusChristi

  Equity Production

  Equity Production (subject to FID)

  Long-term supply

  Long-term sales

  Regasification terminals  
in operation or planned

  Bunkering hub

1. Under construction. 
2. Force majeure.

29

FOCUS ON

QATAR

REDUCING OUR LNG VALUE  
CHAIN’S EMISSIONS INTENSITY
—
Our LNG growth strategy requires an 
exemplary approach to GHG emissions 
across the value chain. Our priority is to 
eliminate methane emissions (see p. 30). 
For example, the concept chosen for the 
integrated FEED launched for Papua LNG 
is based on four electric liquefaction trains 
(e-trains) and re-injection of the native CO2 
produced into the reservoirs.

TWO MAJOR SUCCESSES IN QATAR 
IN 2022 FOR TOTALENERGIES
—
Twice in 2022, Qatar chose TotalEnergies as 
its first partner for LNG production projects: 
North Field East and North Field South. 
These extension projects will provide the 
Company with additional LNG production 
of 3.5 Mt/y and significantly enhance 
the global supply. In line with our strategy, 
they are among the most competitive in 
the world in terms of cost and will apply 
the highest standards to reduce GHG 
emissions intensity (including methane). 
Solutions include capturing and storing 
native CO2 and connecting to Qatar’s power 
grid, which is supplied with an increasing 
share of renewable electricity, thanks in 
part to the 800 MW Al Kharsaah solar power 
plant commissioned in 2022, in which 
TotalEnergies is a partner.

GROWING LNG REGAS CAPACITY
IN EUROPE

Mt

> 20 Mt/y in 2023 (~15% market share)

Use rate

86 %

2 FSRU

Existing 
capacity

20 

10 

0 

2022

2023

 FSRU in Lubmin, Germany, since end-2022
 FSRU in Le Havre, France, planned for 3Q23

Yamal LNG

Snøhvit LNG

1ST REGASIFICATION 
CAPACITY IN EUROPE

Qalhat LNG & Oman LNG

48 Mt

LNG sales in 2022

Arzew

Skikda

ELNG

Qatar

Adnoc LNG

Yemen LNG 2

Nigeria LNG + T7 1

Angola LNG

Mozambique
LNG 2

Papua LNG

Ichthys LNG

Gladstone LNG

Ras Laffan liquefaction terminal, Doha (Qatar).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsEliminating
Our Methane 
Emissions 

M ethane  is  a  greenhouse  gas  with  a 

global  warming  potential  28  times 
higher than that of CO2 and a much 
shorter  atmospheric  lifetime1.  This  makes 
reducing  methane  emissions  a  priority  in 
efforts  to  mitigate  global  warming.  To  date, 
150  countries  have  signed  the  Global  Meth­
ane  Pledge  launched  in  Glasgow  in  2021, 
which aims to reduce methane emissions by 
30% from 2020 levels by 2030. 
Anthropogenic  methane  emissions  come 
from  energy,  waste  and  agriculture.  Around 
25%2  come  from  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  
TotalEnergies believes that it is the industry’s 
responsibility  to  reduce  methane  emissions 
to near zero by 2030. We are working towards 
this goal through the Oil & Gas Climate Initiative 
(OGCI) and want our conduct to be exemplary. 

METHANE EMISSIONS (OPERATED)

In CH4 kt

120

2010-2020
- 47%

64

49

42

 Combustion
 Fugitive emissions
 Process venting
 Cold venting
 Flaring

- 50%
vs 2020

- 80%
vs 2020

2010

2020

2021

2022

2025

2030

We have been working on this issue for many 
years and we have already halved our meth­
ane emissions between 2010 and 2020. 

A clear ambition: Zero methane 
and tangible objectives

In  early  2022,  we  set  very  ambitious,  specif­
ic targets for the decade ahead that call for a 
50% reduction from 2020 levels by 2025 and 
80% by 20303. These targets cover all of the 
Company’s  operated  assets  and  go  beyond 
the 75% reduction in methane emissions from 
coal, oil and gas between 2020 and 2030 out­
lined in the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions by 2050 
scenario.
The Company has also maintained its meth­
ane  intensity  target4  of  below  0.1%  for  its 
operated gas facilities. In 2022, our methane 
emissions  reached  42  kt,  a  34%  reduction 
compared to 2020 levels. 

In  addition,  TotalEnergies  is  working  with  its 
partners  to  implement  best  practices  at  its 
non­operated assets.

Deployment of AUSEA drones: 
From estimating to measuring 
methane emissions

Methane  emissions  have  many  dispersed 
sources. TotalEnergies is a pioneer in detect­
ing  and  quantifying  emissions  in  real­life 
conditions,  thanks  to  the  AUSEA  (Airborne 
Ultralight  Spectrometer  for  Environmental 
Application) drones deployed across  

Analysis with the AUSEA drone at the Lapa Field (Brazil).

1. Around 12 years compared with centuries for CO2. Global Warming Potential of 80 over 20 years and 28 over 100 years (Source: IPCC 6th 
Assessment Report). 2. IEA Global Methane Tracker 2023. 3. Excluding biogenic methane. 4. Methane emissions intensity in relation to com-
mercial gas produced.

30

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicatorsalmost all our upstream operated sites world­ 
wide.  In  2022,  a  campaign  to  detect  and 
measure emissions on site in real­life condi­
tions  covered  95%  of  operated  sites 5  in  the 
upstream  sector.  More  than  1,200  AUSEA 
flights  were  carried  out  in  eight  countries  to 
cover 125 sites.

AUSEA detection technology, which consists 
of  an  ultra­light  CO2  and  CH4  sensor  mount­
ed on a drone, was developed in cooperation 
with  the  French  National  Center  for  Scientif­
ic Research (CNRS) and Université de Reims 
Champagne  Ardennes.  It  is  at  the  cutting 

edge of scientific research for detecting and 
quantifying methane emissions on site, with a 
high level of accuracy (>1kg/h).

TotalEnergies is in advanced discussions with 
some operators of its non­operated assets to 
make  this  technology  available  to  them  and 
to carry out targeted detection campaigns on 
these assets.

Targeted actions for each methane 
source, asset by asset

Emissions  reduction  is  a  direct  result  of  an 

action program at our facilities targeting each 
specific  source  of  methane  (venting,  flaring, 
fugitive  emissions  and  incomplete  combus­
tion) and adapted to the specific features of 
each asset. 

Leading the industry through OGMP 2.0
In  its  “An  Eye  on  Methane”  report  for  2022, 
the  United  Nations  Environment  Pro­
gramme  (UNEP)6  confirmed  TotalEnergies’ 
Gold  Standard  status.  Each  year,  this  report 
reviews the deployment by Oil & Gas compa­
nies of the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership’s 
OGMP 2.0 framework, which was created in 

DEPLOYMENT OF DRONES

E&P Op. assets coverage
(op. production %)

DRONE MISSIONS

2022

95%

2020 to guide reporting on methane in the Oil 
&  Gas  industry.  The  framework  encourages 
companies to continue improving their report­
ing of operated and non­operated emissions 
and focuses on performing on­site measure­
ments to verify that estimates are exhaustive 
and accurate. We are doing just that. 

5.  Calculated  as  a  percentage  of  100%  operated  production.  6.  2nd 
International Methane Emissions Observatory report.

GOLD 

STANDARD

2021

2022

U.-S.

METEC Test Site 

Cameron LNG

U.-K.

Gryphon, SGP, Elgin

FRANCE

GRP assets

ITALY

Tempa Rossa

NIGERIA

OML 58, 99, 
100, 102, 130

BOLIVIA

Incahuasi

ARGENTINA

Tierra del Fuego, 
Neuquen

GABON

Anguille, Torpille, 
Onshore

BRAZIL

Lapa

DENMARK

Gom, Halfdan, 
Dan

NETHERLANDS

K6 & K5

KAZAKHSTAN

Dunga

BRUNEI

Block B

CONGO

N’Kossa, Deepwater
Yanga/Sendji, Djeno

ANGOLA

Block 17 & 32 + Tankoer

31
31

COP 27

PATRICK POUYANNÉ’S CALL TO THE 
OIL & GAS INDUSTRY TO REDUCE 
METHANE EMISSIONS AT COP 27
—
Invited by the Egyptian presidency of the 
COP 27 climate conference to a discussion 
on implementing the Global Methane Pledge, 
Patrick Pouyanné called on all Oil & Gas 
companies, national and international, to join 
the OGMP 2.0 and work toward zero methane 
emissions.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsFO C U S O N

Investments in Low-Cost, 
Low-Carbon Assets

In light of global demand and the stakes of a 
just transition, our ambition is to maintain our 
oil production by 2030. This requires launch­
ing new projects to offset the natural decline 
in  field  output  (see  p. 12).  We  approve  pro­
jects  on  the  basis  of  performance  criteria, 
notably technical costs and carbon intensity 
(see  p. 14).  We  operate  our  fields  in  accord­
ance  with  strict  requirements  concerning 
safety, emissions reduction and environmen­
tal impact. The cash flow generated by these 
activities helps to accelerate our investments 
in renewable energies.

In  Angola,  several  additional  wells  were 
drilled and brought on stream in 2022. These 
short­cycle projects make it possible to main­
tain the level of production of naturally declin­
ing fields. They include phases 2 and 3 of Clov 
and the start­up of Begonia on Block 17. At the 
same time, emissions­reduction projects are 
being carried out on these assets to keep car­
bon intensity below 18kgCO2e/boe.

PRODUCTION FROM ANGOLA B17

Kboe/d (100%)

 Short-cycle projects

 Production 

400 

200 

0 

In Brazil, we pursued our strategy of investing 
in low­cost, low­carbon assets with the Mero 
field.  A  first  floating  production  storage  and 
offloading vessel (FPSO) was commissioned 
in  May  2022,  to  be  followed  by  three  others 
through 2025. We are also expanding our off­
shore presence in the Atapu and Sépia fields, 
with their low­cost, low­emissions reserves.

In  the  United  Arab  Emirates,  an  agreement 
was signed in March 2023 to acquire a 20% 
interest  in  an  offshore  concession  covering 
two  major  fields  with  a  long  production  pla­
teau (SARB and Umm Lulu) that also meet our 
low­cost, low­emissions criteria.

In  Uganda,  the  Tilenga  and  EACOP  projects 
were  launched  in  2022  with  a  low  technical 
cost  and  low  carbon  intensity.  A  large­scale 
program  to  support  the  neighboring  popula­
tion and preserve biodiversity has also been 
rolled out (see p. 39).

TotalEnergies focuses its exploration invest­
ments  on  oil  prospects  with  low  techni­
cal  costs,  low  greenhouse  gas  emissions 
and  short  lead  times.  In  particular,  it  contin­
ued  to  assess  discoveries  made  in  2020  on  
Suriname’s  Block  58.  In  2022,  TotalEnergies 
made a significant discovery of light oil with 
associated gas in the Orange Basin offshore 
Namibia. In 2023, the Company is working on 
appraisal so it can quickly make a decision on 
production development. 

32

FPSO Block 17 (Angola).

2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
Anticipating 
Changes in Demand 
by Adapting our 
Petroleum Product 
Sales

W ith its Green Deal and Fit for 55 

legislative package, the European 
Union has taken practical steps 
toward achieving its ambition to become the 
first carbon-neutral continent, promoting the 
development of low carbon vehicles. These 
major trends are prompting us to pursue our 
strategy of reducing our sales of petroleum 
products by 40% by 2030, so that we do not 
sell or refine more fuel than we produce oil.

On  the  flip  side,  this  strategy  is  leading  us 
to develop actively in new mobilities: in low­ 
carbon molecules, we have initiated the conver­
sion of refineries into biorefineries in Europe. 
In electric mobility, we are accelerating our 
growth with a plan to deploy charging points 

33

on major roadways and in large cities in Europe. 
In hydrogen, we are notably developing a Euro­
pean network of hydrogen stations for trucks 
in partnership with Air Liquide.

In Europe, we continued to transform our ser­
vice stations network into multi­energy hubs 
(with high­power charge points and hydrogen,  
see  p. 51)  and  were  more  selective  in  our 
petroleum product sales. In March 2023, we 
announced the sale of our service station net­
works in Germany and the Netherlands and 
the creation of a joint­venture with Couche­
Tard to operate our networks in Belgium and 
Luxembourg.

player  in  2022  for  deploying  high­power 
charge points on motorways to meet both 
government and motorist expectations. 
The Company confirmed that it will stop sell­
ing fuel oil for power generation by 2025.

Developing non-energy uses of oil 
that emit less greenhouse gas

In addition to their use as fuel to produce energy, 
petroleum products are also used as materials 
or components. 

The  share  of  non­energy  and  low­emitting 
uses  (petrochemicals  and  lubricants)  in  oil 
consumption  will  increase  as  mobility  turns 
to decarbonized solutions such as electricity.  
This is why we are pursuing our growth strate­

OIL PRODUCTION, REFINERY THROUGHPUT 
AND PETROLEUM PRODUCT SALES

Mboe/d

2.5 

2.0 

1.5 

1.0 

0.5 

0 

t
u
p
h
g
u
o
r
h
t
g
n
n
fi
e
R

i

n
o
i
t
c
u
d
o
r
p

l
i

O

l

s
e
a
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
m
u
e
o
r
t
e
P

l

-40% 
Petroleum 
product sales
vs 2019

gy in petrochemicals by focusing on integrat­
ed  complexes  with  favorable  conditions  for 
access to feedstock.

2022:  Start­up  of  a  new  ethane  cracker  in 
Port­Arthur  in  the  United  States,  with  a  pro­
duction capacity of 1 Mt/y. 

AMIRAL

A WORLDCLASS INTEGRATED 
PETROCHEMICALS PROJECT IN 
PARTNERSHIP WITH SAUDI ARAMCO
—
In December 2022, TotalEnergies and Saudi 
Aramco announced that they intended to 
jointly invest $11 billion (of which $4 billion in 
equity, 37.5% financed by TotalEnergies and 
62.5% by Saudi Aramco) to develop Amiral, a 
petrochemicals complex in Saudi Arabia with 
an ethylene production capacity of 1.65 Mt/y. 
The project will integrate a steam cracker 
downstream of the SATORP refinery in Jubail, 
in which TotalEnergies holds a 37.5% interest 
alongside Saudi Aramco. 
It will capitalize on an existing asset that is 
both profitable and sustainable (first refinery 
in the region to obtain ISCC+1 certification) by 
making it possible to convert products from 
Saudi crude into high value-added polymers 
at the Jubail industrial park. Reducing the 
site’s environmental footprint is a central 
aspect of the project, with the goal of capping 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and 
building a wastewater treatment plant that 
will save up to 8 million cubic meters of water 
per year.

1. International  Sustainability  and  Carbon  Certification.  ISCC+  cer-
tification  indicates  that  traceability  is  ensured  from  collection  of 
inputs (biomass or waste and residue) to the conversion process, in 
compliance with the ISCC standard.

In France, TotalEnergies was the most active 

2019

2022

2030

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
New Low-Carbon 
Energies 

To  avoid  competition  for  arable  land,  
TotalEnergies  is  developing  solutions  based 
primarily  on  food  industry  waste  and  res­
idues.  The  agricultural  feedstock  used  to 
make these products complies with sustain­
ability and traceability requirements concern­
ing  carbon  footprint,  non­deforestation  and 
land use. 

We stopped sourcing palm oil and its byprod­
ucts  in  2022  and  have  set  a  new  target  that 
raises the share of circular feedstock (used 

E lectrification  alone  will  not  be  able  to 

meet all decarbonization needs, notably 
in aviation and heavy industry. The ener­
gy  transition  also  requires  the  development 
of  low  carbon  energies  based  on  the  conver­
sion of biomass and waste or the production 
of e­fuels using renewable hydrogen and cap­
tured CO2. We are developing these new ener­
gies (biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e­fuels). 

Biofuels

Over  their  lifecycle,  biofuels  emit  50%  less 
CO2e  than  their  fossil  equivalents,  making 
them  a  decarbonization  pathway  for  liquid 
fuels.  Because  demand  is  strong,  this  is  a 
high­margin market, but access to feedstock 
(plants,  residues,  sugar,  etc.)  is  hampering 
growth.  Among  biofuels,  TotalEnergies  is 
putting  a  priority  on  producing  sustainable 
aviation  fuel  (SAF)  to  decarbonize  the  avia­
tion  industry.  Other  decarbonization  options 
besides biodiesel are available for road trans­
portation, notably electricity.

34

Refuelling truck on the tarmac at Le Bourget (France).

oil and animal fat) to more than 75% as from 
2024. In 2022, we signed an agreement with 
SARIA to supply the future Grandpuits biore­
finery with this type of feedstock (see p. 36).

Biogas

Biogas, produced from the decomposition of 
organic waste, is a renewable gas consisting 
primarily  of  methane.  Compatible  with  exist­
ing transportation and storage infrastructure, 
it  has  a  key  role  to  play  in  decarbonizing  the 
use of gas products (for power generation and 
heating).  As  with  biofuels,  the  roadblocks  to 
development are the cost and local availability 
of feedstock.
We are rapidly ramping up in this market, which 
is  essentially  local.  After  acquiring  Fonroche 
Biogaz in France and creating a joint venture 
with Clean Energy in the United States in 2021, 
our biomethane production doubled in 2022 to 
0.5 TWh. The BioBéarn biogas plant came on 
stream in January 2023 with a planned capac­
ity of 160 GWh per year, making it the largest 
in France.

Our objective is to have 2 TWh/y of biometh­
ane capacity by 2025 and 20 TWh/y by 2030 
worldwide. 
To  get  there,  we  are  forming  strategic  part­
nerships  with  the  agricultural  and  wastewa­
ter treatment sectors to develop growth hubs 
in  France  and  United  States.  The  acquisition 
of  Poland’s  leading  biogas  producer  PGB, 
announced  in  March  2023,  should  increase 
TotalEnergies’ capacity to 1.1 TWh/y, making 
it  Europe’s  second  largest  biogas  producer. 
(see p. 51).  

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsHydrogen and e-fuels

Hydrogen.  TotalEnergies  focuses  on  decar­
bonizing  the  hydrogen  used  in  its  European 
refineries,  a  move  that  should  reduce  CO2 
emissions by 3 Mt per year by 2030. In addi­
tion  to  our  partnership  launched  in  2021  at 
the  Normandy  refinery,  TotalEnergies  and 
Air  Liquide  signed  a  partnership  agreement 
in November 2022 to build an innovative, cir­
cular  system  at  the  Grandpuits  biorefinery 
to produce and harness renewable hydrogen 
(see p. 52). At La Mède, the Masshylia project 
to produce hydrogen in partnership with Engie 
is advancing. 

E-fuels. Soon, the use of CO2 as a feedstock 
will  make  it  possible  to  decarbonize  certain 
transportation sub­sectors even more broad­
ly. Captured CO2 can be combined with green 
hydrogen  to  produce  synthetic  fuel  or  gas. 
TotalEnergies  is  staking  out  a  position  in 
this market. In early 2022, in the United Arab 
Emirates, the Company joined the initiative of 
Masdar  and  Siemens  Energy  to  build  a  pilot 
renewable  hydrogen  plant  that  will  be  used 
to  convert  CO2  into  sustainable  aviation  fuel 
(SAF).  TotalEnergies  is  also  developing  pilot 
facilities  near  its  Leuna  refinery  in  Germany 
to use renewable hydrogen and captured CO2 
to make inputs for sustainable aviation fuel. 

35

GREEN HYDROGEN PRODUCTION TO MAKE 
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL

H2O H2

e-fuel

Operator at the Grandpuits zero crude platform.

THE TRANSFORMATION OF OUR INDUSTRIAL SITES FOR THE PRODUCTION OF NEW, LOW-CARBON ENERGIES

Normandy
Start of SAF 
production 
(coprocessing)

Grandpuits
Biorefinery commissioning 
scheduled 
Capacity: 210 kt/y of SAF

SAF
Production target of 
1.5 Mt/y (around 10% 
of the global market)

2019

End
2022

2022

2024

2030

La Mède
Biorefinery 
commissioned

Sustainability
No more sourcing of palm oil  
and derivatives

Circularity
Priority given to waste  
and residues > 75 %

Clean Hydrogen/e-fuels
Production of one million tons  
by 2030

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report(Electrolysis)Carbon captureCO2Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsFOCUS ON

INDUSTRIAL SYMBIOSIS 
—
Industrial symbiosis is an inter-company 
organizational method based on exchanging 
or pooling resources. It refers to voluntary 
collective approaches in a given area to use 
resources such as water, energy and waste 
more sustainably or productively.

Operators in the western sector of the Grandpuits refinery.

THE GRANDPUITS BIOREFINERY GOES ZERO CRUDE

F O C U S

Grandpuits, an Example 
of Circularity 

-  In  September  2022,  TotalEnergies  also 
signed  a  partnership  agreement  with  SAR-
IA,  a  European  leader  in  the  collection  and 
conversion  of  organic  waste  into  sustain-
able  products.  This  partnership  is  a  major 
step in securing the supply of used cooking 
oil and animal fat for SAF production. It will 
increase  the  site’s  SAF  production  capac­
ity  to  210,000  tons  per  year,  or  25%  more 
than  forecast  when  the  initial  project  was 
announced in 2020.

• An advanced plastics recycling unit in part­
nership with Plastic Energy that will produce 
feedstock  for  making  polymers  and  contrib­
ute to the Company’s objective of producing 
1 Mt of circular polymers by 2030.

•  A  unit  to  produce  polylactic  acid  (PLA),  a 
biodegradable and recyclable bioplastic that 
also avoids the use of fossil-based inputs. 

Through  its  conversion  into  a  zero­crude 
complex, Grandpuits is positioning itself as a 
forefront example of circularity by integrating 
several exemplary processes. These include:

•  A  biorefinery  that  will  process  more  than 
75% waste and residue for a second life as 
biofuel – SAF in particular. 

-  In  2022,  TotalEnergies  and  Air  Liquide 
signed a partnership agreement to create 
a hydrogen production unit with a capacity 
of more than 20,000 t/y, partially renewable 
thanks to recycling of residual biogas from 
the  biorefinery,  which  will  replace  the  nat­
ural  gas  traditionally  used  in  the  process. 
The unit will also be delivered with carbon 
capture technology that will help reduce the 
facility’s carbon footprint by capturing more 
than 110 kt of CO2 a year for reuse in food 
and  industrial  applications.  The  renewa­
ble,  low  carbon  hydrogen  produced  will 
primarily  be  used  by  the  biorefinery  itself 
to  produce  sustainable  aviation  fuel.  The 
hydrogen  could  also  be  used  to  support 
sustainable  mobility  in  the  Ile­de­France 
region.

36

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportPlasticwasteAdvancedrecyclingunitBio-basedpolymersunitBioreﬁnery   Tacoil™SAF(aircraft)Low carbonrenewablehydrogen GasOther TotalEnergiespetrochemicalssitesPlastics Plastics BiomassWaste:animal fat,used cooking oil Sugar orwheat starch PLA(polylactic acid) PLAUses(food, medical,etc.) Reuse of CO2for agricultural andfood applications  Collection andsorting ofplastic waste Residualbiogas Air LiquideH2 productionunitGreen H2for mobility(trucks,buses, cars)CarboncaptureunitOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsInnovating to 
Accelerate the Energy 
Transition

E ach year, TotalEnergies devotes around 

$1  billion  to  R&D  and  innovation  and 
mobilizes more than 3,500 employees.

R&D at TotalEnergies

In  2022,  58%  of  our  R&D  focused  on  new 
energies  (renewable  electricity,  new  mole­
cules),  batteries  and  reducing  our  environ­
mental  footprint  (methane,  CCUS,  water, 
biodiversity etc.) compared to less than 30% 
in 2017. The figure stands at 65% in the 2023 
budget. This realignment of our research and 
innovation  towards  new  energies  points  to 
the Company’s future. 

Innovating via OneTech 

One  of  the  missions  of  our  OneTech  seg­
ment,  created  in  2021  to  meet  the  Compa­
ny’s new challenges and mobilize the teams, 
is to provide solutions for reducing CO2 emis­
sions and improving the energy efficiency of 
our  projects  from  the  design  phase,  as  well 
as to accelerate innovation in all our assets. 
To  that  end,  OneTech  mobilizes  integrated 
teams  working  on  the  design,  construction 
and operation of our energy facilities, all the 
way through to R&D, reinforced by the devel­
opment, testing and deployment of innovative 
external  solutions  at  our  assets  to  the  prob­
lems raised in our operations.  

R&D ALLOCATION 1

%

28 %

48 %

58 %

65 %

100 

75 

50 

25 

0 

Methane, 
CCUS, Water, 
Biodiversity 

Batteries

New 
Energies

Gas 
& Oil

37

2017

2021

2022

2023
Guidance

One Tech experts.

1. Budget excluding Hutchinson.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Leveraging digital technology to 
reduce our emissions

TotalEnergies’  Digital  Factory  brings  togeth­
er  around  300  developers,  data  scientists 
and other digital specialists to develop digital 
solutions to optimize our industrial resources 
(environmental impact, availability and costs) 
and offer new services to customers . 

For example, the “E²” digital solution provides 
a  real­time  estimation  of  energy  consump­
tion  by  the  different  equipment  in  a  drilling 
rig,  along  with  the  related  greenhouse  gas 
emissions. The solution was deployed on the 
Maersk Voyager 1 in 2020, resulting in fuel sav­
ings of around 7% and 1,000 tons of reduced 
CO2 emissions over one year. E² was deployed 
on two additional rigs in 2022. 

THREE FLAGSHIP R&D PROJECTS

IMPROVING BATTERY RELIABILITY 
— 
Rapid charging for electric vehicles, used 
notably when traveling over long distances, 
heats the battery cells, thereby creating a 
potential safety risk. To remove this roadblock 
to widespread EV adoption, our Solaize 
R&D team developed a fluid with SAFT that 
improves ultra-rapid charging and overall 
safety of the battery pack. The innovation 
tapped into our long-standing expertise in 
lubricants, using products that were modified 
to produce a cooling effect in contact with 
electrochemical cells and to withstand 
temperatures exceeding 400°C. These eco-
designed fluids are non-toxic, biodegradable 
and more energy efficient than traditional 
products. This patented solution is already 
being tested by a worldclass automotive 
parts manufacturer and gives us a substantial 
competitive advantage.

1. Deepwater drillship.

Teamwork at The TotalEnergies’ Digital Factory.

Fuel Department Laboratory - CRES (France).

38

CREATION OF A CENTER OF  
EXCELLENCE IN DECARBONIZED 
ENERGIES IN DENMARK
—
Denmark is one of the most advanced 
countries for decarbonized energies. In 2022, 
we teamed up with the Technical University 
of Denmark (DTU), recognized worldwide 
for its expertise in renewable energies 
(specifically floating offshore wind), to create 
a center of excellence in low carbon energies. 
The center will allow us to improve our 
performance, test tomorrow’s technologies 
and train our employees. As from 2023, it will 
have access to an industrial-scale pilot site 
comprising wind turbines, a solar power plant 
and batteries for conducting research with 
DTU on hybrid systems or the integration of 
renewables in power grids.

Number of patent families published 1 2019 - 2022 
—

TotalEnergies

ExxonMobil

ENI

Shell

BP

Chevron

ConocoPhillips

100

200

300

  Photovoltaics, Batteries, Wind turbines,  
Fuel Cells and Hydroelectric

  Tech Area Energy - Other

1. Source :  Top  innovator  according  to  Cipher  –  https://cipher.ai/
insights/energy-transition-oil-and-gas/.

Manufacturing batteries at Saft Bordeaux (France).

OPTIMIZING BIOREFINERY  
EFFICIENCY
—
To close the gap between tight production and 
very dynamic demand for biofuels, our biofuel 
teams are developing innovative approaches 
for chemical kinetics modeling. The 
objectives are to improve feedstock selection 
(e.g. type of cooking oil) to achieve better 
yields in our biorefineries. The first model was 
deployed at the La Mède biorefinery in 2022. 
The teams are working on a twin version 
for our units in Gonfreville, Antwerp and 
Grandpuits.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsTOP INNOVATORSFO C U S O N

Our projects in Uganda 
and Tanzania

39

Lake Albert (Uganda).

access to cleaner and more efficient energies 
than  the  wood  and  charcoal  that  most  cur­
rently use every day 3, at an affordable price. 
In  2022,  TotalEnergies  also  signed  a  memo­
randum  of  understanding  with  the  Ugandan 
and Tanzanian governments to develop local 
wind  and  solar  projects  to  provide  power  to 
the local population.

SUPPORT FOR THE PEOPLE 
CONCERNED BY THE PROJECTS 
The  Tilenga­EACOP  project  is  being  devel­
oped  in  a  sensitive  social  environment  and 
requires  the  implementation  of  land  acqui­
sition  programs  with  a  strong  emphasis  on 
respect  for  local  communities’  rights.  This 
process, which will lead to the acquisition of 
6,400 hectares of land, is being conducted on 
behalf of the Ugandan and Tanzanian govern­
ments, and in strict compliance with national 
legislation,  the  United  Nations  Guiding  Prin­
ciples  on  Business  and  Human  Rights,  and 
with the performance criteria established by 
the  IFC  4.  Special  attention  is  given  to  pro­
tecting  the  most  vulnerable  persons  and 
women’s  rights  by  ensuring  they  are  pres­
ent and involved at each critical stage of the  
process.  

Uganda’s  Lake  Albert  region  has  significant 
oil  resources.  Uganda  has  made  the  sover­
eign  decision  to  develop  its  resources,  and 
has  called  on  TotalEnergies  to  operate  the 
Tilenga  project  and  CNOOC  to  operate  the 
Kingfisher project. These are major industrial 
projects for Uganda and Tanzania. The oil they 
produce will be transported to the port of Tan­
ga in Tanzania via a 1,400 kilometer pipeline, 
built and operated by EACOP 1. The February  
2022  launch  materialized  the  Company’s 
commitment  to  responsibly  and  sustainably 
develop these projects in a low­carbon­inten­
sity manner, to foster a net gain in biodiversi­
ty and to generate value for the two countries 
and their local communities. Civil engineering 
work started in 2022, and the first drilling rig 
has already arrived at the Tilenga site.

These projects have raised several questions 
and have been challenged. TotalEnergies has 
answered these questions in full transparency 
(see p. 40).

CLIMATE AND ENERGY
The Tilenga project and EACOP pipeline con­
stitute  a  hydrocarbon  development  project, 
consistent  with  our  strategy  of  only  approv­
ing  new  projects  if  they  lower  the  average 
carbon  intensity  of  our  upstream  portfolio  
(see  p. 14).  They  include  concrete  emission­ 
reduction measures such as solarized pump­
ing stations along the pipeline in Tanzania and 
the  construction  of  an  LPG 2  extraction  unit 
at Tilenga, providing local communities with 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Our Figures
For Tilenga: 
•  94%  of  compensation  agreements  have 
been signed and 92% had been paid out as 
of the end of 2022.

For EACOP: 
•  91%  of  compensation  agreements  have 
been signed and 85% had been paid out as 
of the end of 2022.

•  Of the 775 households that have been relo-
cated, involving approximately 5,000 people, 
about 97% chose to be rehoused in a newly 
constructed home nearby. 

•  As of March 1, 2023, 204 houses had been 

delivered.

Our constant priority is support for the local 
populations, and action plans have been car­
ried out to ensure that, once the property has 
been transferred, we can:
• Provide temporary support for those affect­
ed until the household has regained a stable 
livelihood, which has generally and tradition­
ally been based on agriculture.
• Offer long­term support (for a minimum of 
three years) with three components:
­  Training,  mainly  in  farming­related  activi­
ties  (specifically  to  improve  crop  yields),  or 
to  start  new  activities  such  as  nurseries  or 
bee­keeping;
­  Support for budget management; 
­  Developmental  assistance  to  help  small 
businesses diversify their income. The pro­
jects have enabled a number of community 

members  to  receive  new  career  training  as 
machine operators, plumbers or mechanics, 
for example. 
To ensure that we honor and deliver on these 
commitments, socio­economic monitoring of 
the  population  is  now  underway  among  the 
622  households  concerned  by  construction 
of the Tilenga industrial zone. 
Grievance  mechanisms 5  and  a  complaints 
tracking  register  are  accessible  and  fully 
transparent. As of December 31, 2022, 1,420 
grievances  about  the  Tilenga  project  had 
been logged in the register, 93% of which have 
been resolved. For EACOP6, 1,130 grievances 
have been logged and nearly 93% have been 
resolved.

CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 
The  regions  in  which  TotalEnergies  is  oper­
ating are home to a wealth of environmental 
and  ecological  resources,  and  we  are  com­
mitted  to  not  only  restoring  that  environ­
ment, but to leaving it in better condition than 
before the project began, with a “net gain in 
biodiversity.” 
Our  first  action  was  to  reduce  the  scope  of 
these projects to limit the footprint on the ter­
ritory  to  the  strict  minimum  (see  S&C  2022 
Progress report). 
In 2022, we then launched a “Net Gain” pro­
gram at Tilenga 7 with the aim of:
•  Reducing  human  pressures  on  the  Mur­
chison  Falls  National  Park,  by  providing 
equipment  and  training  to  Uganda  Wildlife 

Authority  rangers,  especially  in  their  fight 
against  poaching  (more  than  1,000  traps 
were removed in 2022);

•  Protecting the forests’ integrity and connec­
tivity: 350 hectares of forest corridors have 
been  replanted  in  collaboration  with  neigh­
boring communities, with support from the 
nonprofit Ecotrust.

•  Raising community awareness of chimpan­
zee  protection,  led  by  Chimp  Sanctuary,  an 
NGO. 

CREATING SHARED VALUE
The development of oil resources will have a 
significant impact on the Ugandan and Tanza­
nian  economies.  The  Ugandan  government, 
which  became  a  member  of  the  Extractive 
Industries  Transparency  Initiative  (EITI)  in 
2022  (see  p. 93),  is  intending  to  invest  these 
new  revenues  in  infrastructure  development 
(roads, education, healthcare).

Nearly  80,000  direct  and  indirect  jobs  will 
be  created  during  the  project’s  construction 
phase, and three million hours of training will 
be provided during that time. Those skills are 
destined to expand the local job market in the 
two countries and strengthen the local indus­
trial  infrastructure.  Nearly  $2  billion  in  con­
tracts  will  be  awarded  to  local  businesses 
(subcontractors  and  suppliers).  Over  42,000 
direct and indirect jobs will be created during 
the operation phase. 

HUMAN RIGHTS

COMMITTED TO DIALOGUE  
AND RATIONAL DEBATE
—
Our dedicated teams in the field maintain  
a daily dialogue with communities and local 
governments to keep them informed and 
respond to their questions and concerns.  
More than 150 public meetings were held  
with local communities about the Tilenga 
project in 2022. 
•  At a national level, our teams hold quarterly 
meetings with NGOs (either individually  
or through the CSCO ), community 
representatives and traditional chiefs, 
to discuss sensitive or ongoing topics 
(compensation schedules, attention to 
 the most vulnerable groups). 

•  In2022, our Ugandan affiliate hosted more than 

50 outside delegations in the field, religious 
leaders, legislators, United Nations and 
European Union representatives, national  
and international media outlets, etc.
•  At the international level, discussions  

have been held with NGOs and investors,  
as well as French and European political 
leaders. 

In September 2022, the European Parliament 
adopted a resolution condemning the alleged 
violation of human rights in connection  
with the oil projects in Uganda and Tanzania. 
TotalEnergies, which was named in the 
resolution, denounces the fact that it was not 
approached for a prior discussion and had no 
opportunity to inform the Parliament that some 
of its information was factually inaccurate or 
based on unfounded allegations, some being 
quite serious. On September 22, the Company 
sent and published a letter to that effect to  
the President of the European Parliament.

1. East African Crude Oil Pipeline, whose shareholders are TotalEnergies (62%), UNOC (15%), TPDC (15%) and CNOOC (8%). 2. A fuel used by local communities for their daily needs that causes health problems and deforestation in the country. 3. International Finance Corporation, part of the 
World Bank. 4. Livelihood restoration program based on IFC standards. 5. Each project at each site has its own grievance mechanism. Any expression of discontent, by any means and no matter how serious, regarding a specific impact, whether real or perceived, resulting from the affiliate’s 
activities is considered a grievance. 6. 830 grievances have been logged in Uganda; nearly 96% have been resolved. In Tanzania, 289 grievances have been filed and nearly 85% have been resolved. 7. In accordance with strict IFC standards. 8. Civil Society Coalition on Oil and Gas, a network of 
60 Ugandan NGOs working toward sustainable governance of oil resources.

40

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsClimate and 
Sustainable Energy 

CUSTOMER USING 
A FLEET CARD 
AT A CHARGING 
POINT

42

What is at Stake?

43 

44 

45 

46 

48 

49 

50

51 

53 

55 

56 

58 

59 

Our 2022 Progress and 2025-2030 
Objectives

How TotalEnergies’ 2030 Objectives 
Compare to the IEA Scenarios

Evaluation of our Trajectory  
by Third Parties

Reducing Our Scope 1+2 Emissions, 
Using the Best Technologies 
Available

$1 Billion Over Two Years for Faster 
Energy Efficiency Results

Our Actions to Reduce Indirect 
Emissions, Together with Society

TotalEnergies’ Scope 3 Emissions

Reducing Scope 3 Oil Emissions  
and Guiding Our Customers Toward 
Low-Carbon Mobility 

Scope 3 Gas Emissions: Contributing 
to Lower Emissions from Electricity 
and Industry 

Helping Our Industrial and 
Commercial Customers Decarbonize 
Their Operations

Expanding Geological Carbon 
Storage to Reduce Our Emissions 
and Those of Our Customers

Offsetting Residual Emissions 
with Natural Carbon Sinks

Working With Our Partners  
on Non-Operated Assets

60

Key Takeaways

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
 
WHAT IS AT STAKE?

The first challenge posed by climate change 
is the need to act. The scientific community 
has spoken with one voice, notably in the IPPC 
Sixth Assessment Report published in 2022, 
in affirming the crucial role played by cumula­
tive GHG emissions – three-quarters of which 
originate in the production or use of energy –  
in  heating  our  planet,  and  their  impact  on  
our environment and communities. Scientists  
have  reiterated  the  need  to  take  action  to 
reduce those emissions and collectively reach 
carbon  neutrality.  That  requires  a  sweeping 
transformation of our energy systems. 

The second challenge arises from the speed 
and  distribution  of  the  required  effort. 
Although  it  is  clear  that  we  must  aim  for 
drastic reductions in the world’s use of fossil 
fuels if we are to curb global warming, there 
is no single path toward meeting that objec­
tive. Multiple viable scenarios are compatible 
with the goals of the Paris Agreement: acting 
on  demand,  reducing  emissions,  capturing 
residual  emissions.  On  one  hand,  the  plan­
et’s path to net zero, as envisioned in the Paris 
Agreement, will require a differentiated com­
mitment by developed and emerging nations 
and will hinge on whether people accept the 
pace of the transition. At the same time, ener­
gy sources will need to evolve in accordance 

42

Every member of 
civil society must 
make reducing direct 
emissions, at a pace 
compatible with the 
Paris Agreement’s 
objectives, a priority.

out of sync with demand, triggering inflation 
and aggravating social inequalities. 

Governments,  producers  and  consumers 
will therefore need to mobilize collectively to 
ensure the emergence of a planet­wide mar­
ket for decarbonized energy sources.

A final challenge, at the heart of the transi-
tion, is transparency. The success of the tran­
sition will require appropriate, understandable 
benchmarks  so  as  to  communicate  a  clear 
picture  of  a  company’s  emissions  trajectory 
and  progress  and  provide  accurate  informa­
tion to investors, regulators and stakeholders 
as a whole. 

1. IEA 2022, CO2 emissions (https://www.iea.org/reports/co2-emis-
sions-in-2022).

Mahakam Delta, mangroves with livestock plots (Indonesia).

with  their  GHG  emissions’  intensity  and  the 
availability of effective, affordable low­carbon 
alternatives for consumers. The reality is that 
fossil  fuels  still  comprise  81%  of  the  world’s 
current energy mix, and global energy­related 
CO2  emissions  continue  to  rise,  climbing  to 
36.8 Gt CO2 in 2022 1.

Cooperation 
is  the  third  challenge  we 
face,  in  order  to  tackle  those  tasks.  Every 
member of civil society must make reducing 

its  direct  emissions  (Scope  1+2)  a  priority. 
CO2  emissions  reductions  and  the  energy 
transition  are  not  just  a  matter  of  energy 
supply;  they  require  action  on  demand, 
as  energy  is  an  essential  good  for  both 
consumers  (since  it  affects  their  standard 
of  living)  and  businesses  (since  it  affects 
their competitiveness). Reducing the supply 
of all fossil fuels indiscriminately, across the 
board,  without  first  developing  capacity  for 
low­carbon  alternatives,  would  put  supply 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOur Ambition

Transforming Ourselves 
to Reinvent Energy

Climate and 
Sustainable Energy

People’s 
well-being

Care for 
the Environment

Creating 
Shared Value

Our 
Indicators

OUR 2022 PROGRESS AND 2025-2030 OBJECTIVES

O ur  continued  progress  in  2022,  in 

line with – and often ahead of – our 
objectives  for  2030,  demonstrates 
our  firm  commitment  year  after  year  to  our 
Company’s  transformation  in  pursuit  of  our 
2050 ambition:

•  Emissions  connected  with  our  operated 
facilities have fallen by more than 13% since 
2015.  That  figure  includes  7  million  tons  of 
emissions from our CCGT plants, pursuant to 
our new strategy of flexible power generation 
capacity; the emissions reduction for operat­
ed  oil  and  gas  activities  is  actually  closer  to 
30%.

• Scope 3 indirect emissions associated with 
customer use of our products have declined 
since 2015. For the use of petroleum products 
specifically, the decline was more than 27%. 
The carbon intensity indicator for the energy  
products  we  sell  has  dropped  12%  since 
2015, making TotalEnergies the leader among 
our peers in decarbonizing our energy mix. 

2015

2022

Scope 1+2 
(operated)

Our emissions
(Scope 1+2)

Scope 1+2 
Oil & Gas (operated)

Methane emissions 
(operated)

Mt CO2e

vs 46 Mt in 2015

Mt CO2e

vs 46 Mt in 2015

kt CH4

vs 64 kt in 2020

Routine flaring

Mm3/d

Life-cycle Carbon 
intensity

100 in 2015

46

46

94

2,3

Net carbon 
footprint of our 
sales products 2

Scope 3 Oil World 2

Mt CO2e

vs 350 Mt in 2015

Scope 3 World 2

Mt CO2e

410

40

- 13%

33

- 29%

42

- 34%

0,5

- 12%

254 3

- 27%

389 3

2025

38 
< 40

- 17%

2030

25-30 1

> -40% 1

- 50%

- 80%

< 0.1

- 15% 
> - 10%

- 30%

0

- 25% 
> - 20%

- 40% 
- 30%

< 400

< 400

1. Including carbon sinks. 2. From energy products used by our customers (GHG Protocol Category 11). 3.  Excluding Covid impact for first half 2022. New goals.

43

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsHow TotalEnergies’ 
2030 Objectives 
Compare to 
the IEA Scenarios

SCOPE 1+2 FROM OPERATED FACILITIES

In line with IEA < 2°C scenarios1
In %

2015

2020

2025

2030

2035

 10 

0 

- 10 

- 20 

- 30 

- 40 

- 50 

- 60 

    TotalEnergies 1 Scope 1 + 2 emissions

  TotalEnergies - Former 2025 objective

  TotalEnergies - New 2025 and 2030 objectives 
(incl. NBS)

  TotalEnergies - 2030 Objective (excl. NBS)

STEPS (2.5 °C in 2100)

APS (1.7 °C in 2100)

NZE (1.5 °C in 2100)

R educing both the GHG emissions at our 

operated facilities (Scope 1+2) and the 
life cycle carbon intensity of the energy 
products we sell are key to our ambition to sup­
ply more energy while curbing GHG emissions.

Our objective of cutting net Scope 1+2 emis-
sions from our operated activities by 40% is 
consistent  with  the  target  reductions  in  the 
European Union’s “Fit for 55” program (a 37% 
decrease  between  2015  and  2030)  and  the 
IEA’s  2022  Net  Zero  Emissions  scenario  (a 
35% decrease between 2015 and 2030).

Our  new  targets  for  lowering  the  lifecycle 
carbon intensity of our energy sales (a 15% 
reduction  by  2025  and  a  25%  reduction  by 

44

2030)  place  the  Company  on  a  trajectory 
comparable  to  the  Announced  Pledges 
Scenario  (APS)  in  the  IEA’s  World  Energy 
Outlook  2022,  which  assumes  that  nations 
party to the Paris Agreement fulfill all of their 
net zero objectives. 

1. Based  on  IEA  WEO  2022  global  CO2  emissions  from  energy 
combustion  and  industrial  processes.  Excluding  Covid  impact  in 
2020 and 2021 for TotalEnergies’ GHG emissions. 2. TotalEnergies’  
lifecycle carbon intensity and the change in carbon intensity of the 
world’s energy, calculated as the ratio of the world’s CO2 emissions 
from  fossil  fuels  (in  Mt  CO2)  to  the  total  primary  energy  supply  in 
the IEA’s World Energy Outlook 2022. A replacement factor of 2.63 
(38%) is used to obtain a fossil equivalent for the renewable power 
generation (wind, solar and hydroelectric) modeled in those scena-
rios for purposes of comparison with TotalEnergies’ lifecycle carbon 
intensity.

LIFECYCLE CARBON INTENSITY 2

In %

2015

2020

2025

2030

2035

0 

- 10 

- 20 

- 30 

- 40 

- 50 

- 60 

STEPS (2.5 °C in 2100)

APS (1.7 °C in 2100)

  TotalEnergies actual

  TotalEnergies - Former 2025 and 2030 objectives

NZE (1.5 °C in 2100)

  TotalEnergies - New 2025 and 2030 objectives

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsEvaluation of our Trajectory by Third Parties

Investors 
increasingly  expect  companies 
to  1.  disclose  their  GHG  emissions,  2.  set 
short­term  (<2030)  and  3.  long­term  (2050) 
emissions  reduction  targets  and  4.  devel­
op a decarbonization strategy to meet those 
targets. In its Net Zero Alignment model, ISS 
assessed TotalEnergies as one of three com­
panies  in  the  sector  to  achieve  the  highest 
performance level among these four catego­

ESG RATINGS

ries,  and  therefore  to  receive  the  “Net  Zero 
Overall Alignment Status: Aligning.”

In  2022,  the  NGO  Transition  Pathway  Initi-
ative  evaluated  TotalEnergies  and  awarded 
the Company its highest score for its efforts 
in  managing  both  its  emissions  and  transi­
tion­related risks and opportunities. TPI con­
firmed, as it had in 2021, that the Company’s 
long-term  objectives  were  sufficiently  ambi­
tious to achieve Net Zero by 2050 and remain 
aligned with their 1.5°C criterion.

That  same  analysis  was  used  by  CA100+,  a 
coalition  of  investors,  to  conclude  that  the 
long­term ambition set by TotalEnergies was 
aligned with the objective of capping the glob­
al temperature rise at 1.5°C. 

AAA

Negligible risk

A+

A

A

30.1

33,7

B- 
Prime

C+

Average 
peers
Oil & gas 1

CCC

ESG rating

Severe risk

D-

ESG Risk rating

Corporate rating

1. Oil & gas peers Shell, BP, ExxonMobil, Chevron, Equinor, Eni, Repsol (data at December 31, 2022).

100

77

46,7

0

CSA

A

A-

B-

D-/F

Climate Change

45

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsReducing Our Scope 
1+2 Emissions, 

Using the Best Technologies Available

I n early 2019, TotalEnergies made public our 

aim to reduce our net Scope 1+2 emissions 
from our operated activities by at least 40% 

from 2015 levels. 

We are moving aggressively to 
curtail emissions at our operated 
sites

In  2022,  GHG  emissions  from  our  operated 
assets  were  13%  lower  than  in  2015,  stand­
ing  at  close  to  40  million  tons  of  CO2e.  Our 
objectives include emissions generated by the 
growth strategy in electricity we have pursued 
since 2015, which has prompted us to create 
a flexible power generation portfolio of CCGT 
plants. 
Across the 2015 scope of our oil and gas activ­
ities, emissions from our operated assets fell 
by more than 29% from 2015 levels, dropping 
from 46 to 33 Mt CO2e in 2022. 
In 2022, with more than 110 GHG emissions 
reduction  projects  coming  to  fruition,  we 

reduced our emissions by 0.8 million tons of 
CO2e  across  our  operated  assets.  Examples 
of our emissions reduction projects in 2022: 
•  Upstream:  Emissions  reduced  by  about 
70 kt CO2e annually thanks to improvements 
in  gas  turbine  efficiency  and  refinements  to 
water injection pumps in Angola (Block 17). 
•  Refining:  Emissions  reduced  by  about 
200  kt CO2e  annually  through  improvements 
in  energy  use  and  recovery  (Normandy,  Ant­
werp). 

38 Mt CO2e/year

New 2025 Objective vs 
40 Mt CO2e/year previously

In September 2022 the Company decided to 
launch a two­year, $1 billion plan to accelerate 
our energy efficiency initiatives with the goal  

SCOPE 1+2 FROM OPERATED  
OIL AND GAS FACILITIES

SCOPE 1+2 100 % OPERATED

- 29 %
vs 2015

33

46

Oil 
& Gas

Mt CO2e

40 

20 

0 

38 Mt CO2e
vs 40 Mt CO2e

CCGT

New objective

- 2 Mt

38

Mt CO2e

46

Oil 
& Gas

40 

20 

0 

Antwerp refinery (Belgium).

2015

2022

2015

2025

46

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
ROUTINE FLARING

OUR PROGRESS TOWARD
ELIMINATING ROUTINE FLARING
—
Curbing routine flaring is a priority for reducing  
CO2 and methane emissions. In 2000 
TotalEnergies committed to discontinuing 
routine flaring on our new projects. 
As a founding member of the World Bank’s 
“Zero Routine Flaring by 2030” initiative since 
2014, the Company has pledged to end the 
practice altogether by 2030, and our goal is 
to reduce flaring to less than 0.1 million cubic 
meters per day by 2025.
The volume of routine flaring fell from 
0.7 Mm3/day in 2021 to 0.5 Mm3/day in 2022 
– a 93% reduction from 2010 levels.  
Total flaring, including safety flaring as well as 
routine and non-routine flaring, fell 7% in 2022 
from the previous year. 
Example of our reduction projects in 2022: 
Flaring was cut at Italy’s Tempa Rossa field by 
32,000 tons of CO2e thanks to changes in fluid 
export and separation processes.

ROUTINE FLARING

Mm3/d

7.5

Objective

Zero 
in 2030

<0.1 Mm3/d 
in 2025

2010-2022
-93%

2.3

0.7

0.5

< 0.1

2010

2015

2021

2022

2025

2030

47

of saving nearly 2 Mt CO2e across our oil and 
gas operations (see p. 48).

Thanks  to  that  plan,  we  are  accelerating 
our  target  emissions  reduction  for  2025  by 
2 Mt CO2e annually: our new 2025 objective is 
to reduce Scope 1+2 emissions at our operat­
ed facilities to less than 38 Mt CO2e. Our 2030 
objective remains unchanged at ­40% in 2030 
compared  to  2015,  net  of  5-10  Mt  of  natural 
carbon sinks.

To reach our objective for 2030, we are mobi­
lizing  every  tool  at  our  disposal  to  prevent 
and  reduce  emissions  from  our  operations. 
Compensation from natural carbon sinks will 
begin in 2030, to offset residual emissions in 
pursuit of our objective. 

2030 Objective consistent 
with Paris Agreement

Our objective of a 40% reduction in net emis­
sions of from Scopes 1 and 2 is in line with the 
reduction  target  of  the  European  Union’s  "Fit 
for 55 program (­37% between 2030 and 2015) 
and the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions 2022 (­35% 
between 2015 and 2030). 

- 40%

of reduction in net emissions 
by 2030, vs 2015.

OUR LEVERS FOR REDUCING EMISSIONS AT OUR OPERATED SITES

Normandy Refinery in Gonfreville l’Orcher (France).

Mt CO2e

46

Portfolio
net change

CCGT

Oil 
& Gas

40 

20 

0 

Net emissions 2
-40%
vs 2015

25 - 30

 Emissions 
reduction 
initiatives 
(incl. CCS)

Carbon sinks 
based on 
nature

2015

2. Net of nature-based carbon sinks.

2030

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
$1 Billion Over Two 
Years for Faster 
Energy Efficiency 
Results

G enerating  energy  savings  in  our 

operations yields dividends in sever-
al ways: we contribute to the collec-
tive campaign for energy efficiency, we help 
to reduce our carbon emissions and we lower 
our costs. 

ness  sector  has  developed  a  plan  to  accel­
erate its energy savings, with more than 150 
initiatives logged at Exploration & Production, 
over 200 projects at Refining & Chemicals and 
more than 30 initiatives at Marketing & Servic­
es and Gas, Renewables & Power.  

In September 2022, TotalEnergies launched a 
plan to accelerate our energy efficiency gains 
at our operated sites worldwide. To that end, 
we will be investing $1 billion in 2023 and 2024 
in efforts to further reduce our energy use. 

This plan, centered on four key pathways and 
led  by  OneTech,  will  support  the  measures 
adopted over the past several years within the 
Company’s  operating  segments.  Each  busi­

Solar panels on the roof of a service station in Ressons (France).

$1B

Invested over 
two years

48

4.6 %

of energy savings 
by 2025

2 Mt CO2e

of emissions 
reductions by 2025

FOUR KEY LEVERS 

ENHANCING ENERGY EFFICIENCY AT OUR OPERATED FACILITIES
—

IMPROVE ASSET DESIGN
—
•  Exploration &Production 

Changes to surface infrastructure 
­ Exploit reservoir energy 
-  Re-routing of process/utility fluids to 
optimize energy used. Solve piping 
vibration issues impacting process 
conditions

•  Marketing & Services 

­ Continue service station solarization

DIGITAL & MONITORING
—
•  Gas, Renewables & Power 

Digital twins used to analyze deviations  
from design conditions of CCGT

• Refining & Chemicals

-  Flare InfraRed camera: flame analysis 
to reduce steam consumption at flare
­  Digital tool to detect process leaks to 
flare systems
-  Real time monitoring of CO2 and  
energy use

ENERGY EFFICIENCY CULTURE
—
•  Cross­branch network for sharing good 

practices led by OneTech

• Refining & Chemicals 
-  CO2 & Energy Club RC: network of 
energy coordinators & process engineers 
supported by OneTech experts

•Exploration & Production 
­  Energy Management System 
implementation in operated assets

OPTIMIZE OPERATIONS
—
• Refining & Chemicals 
­  Steam network optmization

­  Heat insulation
­  Fired Heaters performance

•  Gas, Renewables & Power 

CCGT optimization
­ Optimization of the gas temperature
­  Fast start­up thanks to a change in 
operating mode

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOur Actions to 
Reduce Indirect 
Emissions, Together 
with Society

Growth in electricity will drive more than half 
the  reduction  in  our  lifecycle  carbon  intensi­
ty  between  2015  and  2030.  Another  factor 
will be reduced sales of petroleum products 
coupled with an increase in gas (and specifi­
cally LNG) production and sales of products 
derived  from  biomass.  Lastly,  carbon  sinks 
and  lower  emissions  from  our  facilities  will 
each account for about 5% of the reduction in 
carbon intensity.

TotalEnergies  is  positioning  itself  for  the 
world’s future energy supply and fulfilling its 
ambition of being a major force in the energy 
transition. 

NET LIFE CYCLE CARBON INTENSITY OF 
SOLD PRODUCTS 

Base 100 in 2015

Previous objectives 

published in 2020

New targets

- 15 %

- 25 %

- 12%

- 20 %

100 

50 

2015

2022

2025

2030

Accelerating to a 25% reduction in 
the carbon intensity of our sales by 
2030

The lifecycle carbon intensity of energy prod­
ucts sold divides emissions over a product’s 
lifecycle by the total quantity of energy sold 1.

The  indicator  accounts  for  the  impact  of 
our  multi­energy  transformation  and  our 
investments  in  low­carbon  energies.  Thus, 
it  reflects  our  progress  in  decarbonizing  the 
energy mix of our sales and helping our cus­
tomers reduce their emissions. 

In  2022  we  maintained  our  progress  by 
notching a 12% reduction in the lifecycle car-
bon  intensity  of  our  products  since  2015, 
thanks to growth in our sales of LNG (up 15% 
in 2022 over the previous year) and electrici­
ty (3%) and the diminishing share of our sales 

49

from  petroleum  products  (41%  of  our  sales 
mix in 2022, compared to 44% in 2021).

Based on our progress in 2022, we have decid-
ed to raise our objectives and are now aiming 
to reduce carbon intensity by more than 15% 
in 2025 and 25% in 2030, instead of the 10% 
and 20% targets that we had previously set.

- 25%

in 2030. Our new target 
reduction in lifecycle 
carbon intensity of energy 
products sold.

1. The 
denominator (see p. 106 for more details).

indicator 

is  calculated  by  dividing  numerator  and/or 

LEVERS TO CARBON INTENSITY REDUCTION (2015-2030)

2015
Baseline

Reduce our portfolio’s 
direct emissions

Shift to natural gas, 
biofuel and H2

Produce and distribute 
electricity

Carbon sinks

2030
Objectve

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsTotalEnergies’ 
Scope 3 
Emissions

CATEGORY 11 SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS AT VARIOUS POINTS ON THE GAS, OIL  
AND BIOFUELS VALUE CHAINS IN 2022 1

Production 

Oil
1.3 Mb/d
(190 Mt CO2e)

Midstream

Refining
1.5 Mb/d
(188 Mt CO2e)

Sales 2

Oil products
1.7 Mb/d 

(254 Mt CO2e)

Biofuels
32 Kb/d (2 Mt CO2e)

Marketing
77 kb/d (4 Mt CO2e)

Natural gas 
+ condensate  
1.1 Mboe/d
(130 Mt CO2e)

Liquefaction
0.4 Mboe/d (42 Mt CO2e)

Third party long term  
LNG purchases
0.5 Mboe/d (49 Mt CO2e)

LNG + Marketing 
BtB/BtC
1.1 Mboe/d

(121 Mt CO2e)

The emissions associated with the various points on the value chains are not meant to 
be aggregated, given the integrated nature of our operations. 

2022

Estimate of indirect GHG emissions Scope 3 (5) 
(Mt CO2e)
Scope 3 categories

Cat. 1  Purchased goods and services 5

Cat. 2  Capital goods

Cat. 3 

Cat. 4 

 Non-Scope 1+2 energy-related 
emissions

 Upstream transportation and 
distribution

Cat. 5  Waste generated in operations

Cat. 6  Business travel

Cat. 7  Employee commuting

Cat. 8  Upstream leased assets 6

Cat. 9 

 Downstream transportation  
and distribution

Cat. 10   Processing of sold products

Cat. 11  Use of sold products

Cat. 12   End­of­life treatment of  
sold products

Cat. 13  Downstream leased assets

Cat. 14  Upstream Franchises

Cat. 15  Investments 

30

< 1

3

9

<1

<1

<1

0

1

6

389 2 
(381)

11

n/a

<1

n/a

U nder  Scope  3,  we  report  emissions 

corresponding  to  Category  11  of  the 
GHG Protocol, “Use of Sold Products”. 
To avoid double counting and omissions, and 
in  accordance  with  the  petroleum  industry 
reporting guidelines published by ipieca 3, the 
emissions  counted  are  based  on  the  largest 
volume  in  each  value  chain  (oil,  gas  or  bio­
fuels), i.e., the higher of production or sales.

In 2022, the calculation of Category 11 Scope 3 
GHG emissions took into account sales of oil 
and biofuels (higher than production) and pro­
duction  of  gas  (higher  than  sales).  Category 
11 Scope 3 emissions for electricity are zero.

Under Scope 3, TotalEnergies has since 2016 
reported Category 11 emissions related to the 
use by its customers of products sold for final 
use – in other words, the emissions released 
when  those  products  are  burned  to  obtain 
energy, because customer use of these prod­
ucts constitutes the bulk of an energy compa­
ny’s Scope 3 emissions. 

This year, we are publishing, for the first time, 
an estimate 4 of indirect emissions related to 
the other Scope 3 categories, in accordance 
with the classification used by the GHG Pro­
tocol  and  ipieca.  Beyond  our  objectives  for 
Category 11 emissions, we are implementing 
action plans to reduce emissions 4 in each of 
the other categories (see p. 92). 

1. Petroleum products including bulk sales from refining and biomass and natural gas, excluding minority interests in listed companies. 2. Excluding the impact of Covid-19, in the first half of 2022. 3. ipieca - Estimating petroleum industry value chain (Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions. 4. Explanations 
concerning the methodologies used to establish these estimates are provided in Climate Indicators at the end of this report. 5. Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchases of goods and services, excluding those reported in category 2 or 4. Calculated with the sum of purchases (excluding energy products 
resold) multiplied by specific monetary ratios, as well as 20 Mt CO2e relating to purchases of oil and petroleum products (net of the Company’s production) and medium and long-term LNG supply contracts. 6. Reported under Category 4. 

50

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsReducing Scope 3 
Oil Emissions

and Guiding Our Customers Toward Low-Carbon 
Mobility

T ransportation and shipping accounted 

for  about  25%  of  the  world’s  energy­ 
related  CO2  emissions  in  2021 1.  So 
decarbonizing  mobility  represents  a  major 
challenge. 

SCOPE 3 - WORLD OIL

Mt CO2e

400 

New objectives

-30%

-40%

- 30 %

150 

2015

2022

2025

2030

Accelerating our target for 
reducing the Scope 3 
World Oil emissions

We are progressively adapting our downstream 
refining  and  distribution  of  petroleum  prod­
ucts,  which  now  account  for  a  much  smaller 
share of the energy mix we sell. Scope 3 cate­
gory 11 emissions from the Company’s oil val­
ue chain fell by more than 25% over 2015­2022. 

On the strength of that trend, we are accel-
erating  our  targets:  we  have  now  set  2025, 
rather than the previous date of 2030, as our 
target date for reducing our Scope 3 oil emis-
sions  by  30%  in  absolute  terms  from  2015 
levels,  and  for  2030  we  have  increased  our 
target reduction to 40%.

51

Road transportation: accelerating 
the shift to electric mobility 
and offering low-carbon fuels 

Accounting  for  19%  of  the  world’s  energy­ 
related  CO2  emissions,  road  transportation 
is far and away the highest­emitting form of 
mobility.  TotalEnergies  supports  policies  to 
reduce vehicle emissions. That’s why we offer 
solutions for our customers that are designed 
to spur the adoption of electric mobility: 
•  We  are  deploying  charging  infrastructure, 
with a network that boasts more than 42,000 
operated charge points (a 65% increase over 
2021) and a target of 150,000 charge points 
worldwide.

•  We  are  upgrading  services,  offering 
high-power  charging  solutions  along  major 
highways (more than 160 in Germany, Bene­
lux and France in 2022). Our goal is to equip 
700  sites  in  Europe  with  high­power  charge 
points by 2025. 

• We are producing batteries for electric vehi-
cles:  construction  began  on  the  ACC  “giga­
factory”  in  northern  France  during  2022,  in 
partnership  with  Stellantis  and  Mercedes 
Benz.

Sales of NGV fuel (derived from natural gas or 
biogas)  and  biofuels  can  reduce  GHG  emis­
sions from the existing automotive fleet until 
electric vehicles gain a broader market share. 
Thanks to our biorefineries in Europe, we can 
offer our customers hydrogenated vegetable 
oil  (HVO 2),  a  100%  bio­based  biodiesel  that 
can reduce carbon emissions by 50% to 90% 
over a conventional fuel.  

BIOFUELS

For the first time in the event’s history, all of the 
62 cars in competition at this year’s 90th edition 
of the 24 Hours Le Mans race were using a 
fully sustainable biofuel developed and supplied 
by TotalEnergies – Excellium Racing 100. 
This alternative to conventional fuels reduces 
greenhouse gas emissions by at least 
65% compared to its fossil fuel equivalent.

1st

Leader in mobility 
electrification in France, 
with charge points installed 
at nearly 40% of highway 
service areas.

1. IEA Transport overview 2022 - https://www.iea.org/reports/trans-
port and IEA CO2 emissions.2. Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil.

- 40 %

in 2030. Reduction in Scope 3 
World Oil emissions.

CHARGE POINTS

Belgium’s Flemish government has chosen 
TotalEnergies to install up to 4,400 public charge 
points over the next two years. The new charging 
stations will be operated for a period of twelve 
years and powered by 100% renewable 
electricity generated by offshore wind power in 
the North Sea off the Belgian coast.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsIn  2022,  TotalEnergies  distributed  3.3  Mt  of 
biofuels, and hopes aims to exceed 15 Mt by 
2030. The Company is also promoting growth 
in low carbon hydrogen as a mobility solution, 
particularly for trucks. In 2022 we continued 
to provide backing to Hysetco, a company that 
is promoting hydrogen­based urban mobility 
through a taxi fleet and network of dedicated 
charging stations. 

HYDROGEN

In February 2023, TotalEnergies and 
Air Liquide decided to form a joint venture to 
develop a network of more than 100 hydrogen 
stations for heavy-duty vehicles on major 
European routes.

Air transportation: developing 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel 

Air transportation is responsible for 2% of the 
world’s  energy­related  CO2  emissions  and 
is one of the most difficult sectors to decar­
bonize.  Nonetheless,  in  October  2022  the 
members  of  the  International  Civil  Aviation  
Organization  (ICAO)  pledged  to  achieve  net  
zero emissions by 2050. 
The  adoption  of  Sustainable  Aviation  Fuels 
(SAFs)  represents  one  of  the  biggest  tools 
in  the  sector’s  arsenal  for  decarbonizing 
the  aviation  industry.  SAFs  can  reduce  car­
bon emissions by up to 90% over their entire  
lifecycle 3.  In  2022  TotalEnergies  set  a  goal 
of capturing 10% of SAF sales worldwide by 
2030 and is working with companies across 
the  value  chain,  from  suppliers  of  bio­based 
feedstock  to  customers  that  are  incorporat­

52

ing SAFs into their aircraft fuel. The idea is to 
achieve economies of scale in the sector so 
as to reduce costs and boost adoption of this 
sustainable solution by our customers.

industry coalitions and inter-industry R&D ini­
tiatives to shape the future market for decar­
bonized  shipping  fuels,  including  advanced 
biofuels,  biomethane,  and  more  ecofriendly 
synthetic methanol and ammonia. 

SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL

• Production of SAF came on stream at the 
Normandy complex in France.

• TotalEnergies signed a memorandum of 
understanding with Air France-KLM to deliver 
more than 800,000 tons of SAF over the ten-year 
period from 2023. The fuel will be produced in 
our biorefineries in France for flights departing 
from France and the Netherlands.

• Two technical partnerships: in United Arab 
Emirates TotalEnergies joined with Masdar and 
Siemens Energy to provide its energy expertise 
for SAF production. In Japan, TotalEnergies 
partnered with ENEOS in April 2022 to develop 
an SAF supply chain for the ENEOS refinery in 
Negishi by 2025.

Shipping: 
LNG and bioLNG

The shipping industry, which generates nearly 
3%  of  the  world’s  energy­related  CO2  emis­
sions, according to the IEA, has already moved 
aggressively  to  shrink  its  carbon  footprint, 
notably  via  International  Maritime  Organiza­
tion  (IMO)  rules  aimed  at  halving  emissions 
from shipping by 2050 (from 2008 levels).

To  help  its  maritime  customers  reduce  their 
emissions, TotalEnergies has pledged to sup­
ply  LNG 4  (10%  global  market  share  target  in 
2030), bio­LNG and biofuels to strategic bun­
kering hubs. For the longer term, the Company 
is  collaborating  with  partners  from  shipping 

3.Panorama  2020,  published  by  the  French  Ministry  of  Ecological 
Transition. 4. Of which GHG emissions from combustion are around 
40% lower in relation to a typical heavy fuel oil. 5. Data at December 
31, 2022.

OUR NEW MOBILITIES 5

Electric Mobility
42,519
charge points worldwide

Ambition > 150,000 charging points

Hydrogen
More than 30 H2 stations   
in Germany, the Netherlands, 
Belgium and France 

Ambition 2030 > 100 H2stations 

Naturel Gas  for Vehicles
(NGV) et bioNGV 

+1,500 NGV stations in the world 

Ambition 2025 > Operate 250 NGV service 
stations with at least 50% biomethane in Europe, 
and more than 320 NGV stations under the 
name of TotalEnergies in addition to 
Clean Energy Ltd and TotalEnergies Adani Ltd  

ADVANCED BIOFUELS

• In January, TotalEnergies and its partner 
CMA CGM completed the first ship-to-
containership LNG bunkering operation at 
the Port of Marseille Fos.

• In July, TotalEnergies successfully bunkered 
the Montoir, a CMA CGM container vessel, with 
sustainable marine biofuel in Singapore.

Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF)

Already providing a continuous 
supply to 3 French airports

Ambition 2030 > 10 % of 
market share 

Liqueﬁed Natural Gas 
marine fuel 
More than1 million 
cubic meters sold
Around 110 bunkering operations 
in 2022
2 vessels
The Gas Agility and the Gas Vitality

Ambition 2030 > Supply 10 % 
of the global market

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsGiven  the  positive  role  played  by  natural  gas, 
TotalEnergies is aiming to increase its share of 
the sales mix by 2030, and has made the deci­
sion not to set a gas Scope 3 reduction target. 
When a coal-fired power station is replaced by 
a gas-fired power station, GHG emissions fall, 
whereas TotalEnergies’ gas Scope 3 increases. 
The example below illustrates that situation. 

For the first time, we have decided to estimate 
the potential reductions in GHGs to which our 
2022 sales of LNG may have contributed. To 
do  that,  we  identified  the  likely  competing 
source of flexible power generation for each 
LNG­receiving country.  

COAL-TO-GAS SWITCHING: ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE IMPACT ON TOTALENERGIES’ CO2 EMISSIONS 

Scope 3 of the 
primary energy 
producer

Scope 1 of 
the electricity 
producer

Amount 
of power 
producer

Direct GHG 
emissions

Coal/Natural 
gas switch
Impact on 
Scope 3 Gas 
+ 1 Mt CO2e

Case #1: 
An electricity 
producer uses coal 
as fuel for power 
generation. 

Case #2: 
The electricity 
producer switches 
from coal to natural 
gas as fuel for power 
generation.

Coal producer: 
2 Mt CO2e

TotalEnergies : 
0 Mt CO2e

Coal producer: 
0 Mt CO2e

TotalEnergies : 
1 Mt CO2e

2 Mt CO2e

2 TWh

2 Mt CO2e

Benefit 
for the 
planet:
- 1 Mt CO2e

1 Mt CO2e

2 TWh

1 Mt CO2e

Scope 3 Gas 
Emissions: 
Contributing to 
Lower Emissions 

from Electricity and Industry

WORLD PRIMARY ENERGY DEMAND 2021 
(Gboe) AND CARBON INTENSITY 
(t CO2e/boe) BY ENERGY SOURCE

tCO2e/boe

Low carbon energies
Hydro – Nuclear
Solar – Wind
Modern biomass
…

0.6 

0.5 

0.4 

0.3 

0.2 

0.1 

0 

0

COAL

OIL

GAS

20

40

60

80

100

120
Gboe

Source: IEA 2022, combustion activities.

53

G as-fired  power  plants  are  a  flexi­

ble  resource  for  power  generation 
and  can  be  mobilized  quickly;  as  a 
result,  they  offer  a  secure  backup  for  grids 
designed to be powered increasingly by inter­
mittent  renewable  sources.  Gas-fired  plants 
discharge  half  the  greenhouse  gases  of  the 
coal­powered plants that still, in some coun­
tries, account for the majority of power gen­
eration capacity. Natural gas can also replace 
coal or fuel oil for other applications, such as 
generating heat for industry or homes.

Ninety­nine  percent  of  our  LNG  sales  are 
made in countries that are aiming for net zero 
emissions.  A  large  percentage  of  the  natu­
ral  gas  we  sell  goes  to  the  electricity  indus­
try,  where  it  usually  competes  with  coal  and 
fuel oil to provide marginal capacity for power 
generation. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsESTIMATE OF ENABLED EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS BY TOTALENERGIES’ SALES

LNG

COUNTRY

China

Argentina

Greece

Taiwan

United Kingdom

South Korea

Japan

Italy

Indonesia

Dominican 
Republic

Turkey

Malaysia

Spain

North-West 
Europe 2

India

Others

Total

LNG Sales 
2022 
(Mt)

LNG displacing
(oil/coal)

Emission factor 
Gas-to-power  
(kt CO2e/TWh)

Emission factor 
Oil-to-power 
(kt CO2e/TWh)

Emission factor 
Coal-to-power 
(kt CO2e/TWh)

Gas used 
in power

Enabled Emissions
Reduction
(Mt CO2e)

Efficiency (3)

Coal

Oil

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

Oil/Coal

3.5

0.6

1.3

1.4

3.7

5.6

2.8

1.1

0.6

1.0

2.1

0.7

1.3

16.9

0.6

4.9

48

333

362

390

398

385

355

388

358

536

449

338

468

359

355

497

730

773

720

709

585

837

801

1 259

654

357

1 865

628

671

1 599

942

1 023

844

1 605

992

898

1 004

1 046

966

1 003

1 056

935

928

69 %

82 %

33 %

57 %

67 %

41 %

40 %

29 %

33 %

38 %

22 %

24 %

12.8

1.4

3.1

3.1

8.1

12.4

5.8

1.5

0.8

1.3

2.4

0.8

1.4

13.4

0.4

4.8

73

3.6

2.3

2.3

2.3

2.2

2.2

2.1

1.4

1.3

1.3

1.1

1.1

1.0

0.8

0.6

1.0

1.5

When our customers’ end use and the alterna­
tive source could be identified, we calculated 
the difference in emissions between the alter­
native  fuel  (fuel  oil  or  coal)  and  natural  gas, 
using each country’s emission factors associ­
ated with power generation from those sourc­
es, based on published IEA 1 data.

For countries where the end use of the LNG 
we sell could not be identified, we applied that 
method  to  our  sales  weighted  by  the  share 
of local gas consumption that goes to power 
generation. We estimate that our customers’ 
use  of  LNG  has  enabled  emissions  reduc­
tion by about 70 MtCO2e. The table opposite 
shows the data by country. 

SCOPE 3 GAS VS ENABLED EMISSION 
REDUCTION FROM LNG SALES

Mt CO2e

 Scope 3 Gas

 Enabled emission reduction

130

~

 70

60

2015

2022

1.  Except for France, where the emission factors published by RTE France were used. 2. Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands. 3. Induced Emissions Reductions (t CO2e) /LNG sales (t).

54

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsSAINT-GOBAIN

HOLCIM

Helping Our Industrial 
and Commercial 
Customers 
Decarbonize 
Their Operations

145 SITES COVERED BY THE  
POWER PURCHASE AGREEMENT
—
TotalEnergies is helping Saint-Gobain reduce 
its environmental impact. With its signing of 
a ten-year power purchase agreement (PPA) 
covering 145 sites in North America, 
Saint-Gobain will be able to slash its CO2 
emissions by 210,000 tons annually. In early 
2023 we marked a milestone, having signed 
PPAs totaling 1 GW and covering more than 
500 sites operated by our B2B customers.

SIGNING OF A MEMORANDUM  
OF UNDERSTANDING
—
In 2022 TotalEnergies and Holcim signed a 
memorandum of understanding to jointly study 
the complete decarbonization of a Holcim 
cement plant in Obourg, Belgium, that is 
currently being modernized. The partners will be 
evaluating an array of energies and technology 
with the aim of preventing, reducing, capturing, 
storing and efficiently recycling the 1.1 million 
tons of CO2 that the site emits each year. 
TotalEnergies is developing floating solar panels 
to supply the site with decarbonized power, and 
will deliver the captured CO2 to a geological 
storage site in the North Sea. The potential for 
recovering some of the CO2 to produce e-fuels 
will be studied as well. 

DECARBONIZATION OF  
HOLCIM CEMENT PLANT

Decarbonization
of heavy
transportation 

A s a producer of renewable power, bio­

gas and biofuels, a supplier of natu­
ral  gas  and  electricity  and  a  leader 
in  electric  mobility,  we  are  also  helping  our 
customers  reduce  their  energy  use  with  our 
customized  solutions,  and  developing  CO2 
storage  solutions  for  our  industrial  custom­
ers.

Established  in  2022,  TotalEnergiesOneB2B 
Solutions  boasts  more  than  thirty  experts 
who  assist  our  largest  customers  across 
nearly  a  dozen  industries  in  fulfilling  their 
ambitions for the energy transition, thanks to 
solutions tailored to their needs. 

55

New electrolyzer 

Methanol
production
(e-fuel) 

Green
hydrogen

Renewable
electricity 

Use
of CO2

New renewable
electricity
generation
capacity

Obourg
cement plant 

Carbon
capture and
transport

CO2
storage hub

Oxygen used
to feed the new
oxy-combustion
unit

3

2

0

E B R U A R Y   2

S   -   F

E N E R G I E

©   T O T A L

Geological
CO2 storage
in the North Sea

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsExpanding Geological 
Carbon Storage to 
Reduce Our Emissions 
and Those of 
Our Customers

CARBON STORAGE PROJECTS IN EUROPE

Infrastructure

Terminal

Storage

Shipping

CO2 collect 
hub projects

Teesside

Humberside

Northern 
Lights

Bifrost

NEP

Aramis

Rotterdam

Antwerp

Leipzig

Leuna

Normandy

C arbon  capture  and  storage,  or  CCS, 

refers  to  an  industrial  and  commer­
cial  process  that  involves  capturing 
CO2,  collecting  it  from  industrial  sites  known 
as  “carbon  hubs,”  transporting  it  via  ship  or 
pipeline and storing it under the ground. Saline 
aquifers 1  and  former  oil  and  gas  reservoirs 
offer a safe and permanent means of seques­
tering  carbon.  Under  the  IEA’s  NZE  scenario, 
the  world  will  still  be  consuming  oil  and  gas 
in  2050;  consequently,  the  need  for  CCS  has 
been assessed at 6 billion tons of CO2 annually 
by 2050, compared to a current global volume 
of about 40 million tons captured per year. The 
emerging CCS value chains require immediate 
investment  if  they  are  to  be  viable  and  bring 
carbon neutrality within reach. We are making 
that investment, to reduce emissions from our 
facilities and those of our customers. 

56

Our  objective  for  2030  is  to  store  more  than 
10 Mt CO2 per year on an equity share basis. 
About  $100m  was  invested  in  2022,  and  we 
plan to increase these investments to $300m 
annually in order to reach our objectives.

From pilot projects to full-scale 
operation: the emergence of a new 
industry 

In Europe, the North Sea has the potential to 
become a major CCS hub thanks to dedicated 
funding from the European Union (the Innova­
tion  Fund;  the  Connecting  European  Facility, 
or  CEF)  and  a  higher  price  for  carbon  in  the 
EMS (€80/t CO2 as of December 31, 2022), as 
well  as  backing  from  neighboring  countries: 
Denmark  is  allocating  $2.5  billion  to  CCUS 
projects  in  2022  and  2023,  while  the  Unit­
ed  Kingdom  is  strengthening  its  regulatory 
framework for commercial CCS and boosting 
its  financial  support,  with  a  package  of  £20 
billion  over  20  years.  Moreover,  Norway,  the 
U.K. and Denmark have each launched a ten­
der process to award exploration licenses for 
CO2 storage. 

We  are  developing  multiple  CCS  projects  in 
that  region,  where  we  can  capitalize  on  this 
favorable regulatory climate. In 2022 our first 
commercial  project,  Northern  Lights  (see 
sidebar), reached an advanced stage of con­
struction:  drilling  is  currently  underway  and 
work has begun on the receiving terminal for 
CO2 and transport vessels.  
1.  Saline  aquifers  used  for  CO2  storage  are  geological  formations 
containing  sandstone  and  highly  salinated  water  that  is  unfit  for 
consumption  or  agricultural  use,  overlaid  by  impermeable  rock  that 
allows the permanent containment of CO2.

NORTHERN LIGHTS

WORLD’S FIRST COMMERCIAL 
AGREEMENT FOR CO2 STORAGE
SERVICES 
—
In August 2022, TotalEnergies and its partners 
signed the world’s first commercial agreement 
for the transport and storage of CO2 with Yara, 
an ammonia and fertilizer producer. 
Under the agreement, 800,000 tons of CO2 
will be captured at the plant every year, 
and transported to the Northern Lights site 
for permanent storage.

The Northern Lights CO2 receiving, storage and pumping 
terminal, now under construction in Øygarden, (Norway).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsCAMERON LNG

HACKBERRY CARBON 
SEQUESTRATION (HCS) PROJECT 
—
In May 2022 we finalized an agreement 
with Sempra Infrastructure, Mitsui & Co., 
Ltd. and Mitsubishi Corporation to develop 
the Hackberry Carbon Sequestration 
(HCS) project at Cameron LNG, a natural 
gas liquefaction terminal in the US state 
of Louisiana. The project will provide 
permanent storage of up to 2 million tons 
of CO2 annually in a saline aquifer.

Expanding CO2 transportation and 
storage services for our customers

In addition to Northern Lights, we are develop­
ing several CCS projects that all provide a new 
use  for  TotalEnergies­operated  oil  and  gas 
installations at the end of their working life and 
their offshore facilities. 

Aramis Project, The Netherlands
This  project  – developed  in  the  Netherlands 
by  TotalEnergies  alongside  Shell,  Energie 
Beheer  Nederland  (EBN)  and  Gasunie –  will 
offer  large-scale,  flexible  carbon  transpor­
tation services and open access to offshore 
carbon storage capacity as a decarbonization 
solution for industry. 

Conceptual  engineering  for  phase  1  of  the 
project was completed in 2022; the partners 
are  aiming  for  a  final  investment  decision  in 
late  2024,  with  carbon  storage  beginning 
in  2027.  The  project  is  targeting  storage  of 
5 Mt CO2 annually in its two initial phases, with 
potential  annual  storage  capacity  exceeding 
8 Mt CO2 by 2030.

10 Mt

Is the target for annual 
carbon storage in Company 
share, by 2030.

57

Cameron LNG liquefaction terminal, next to Lake Charles, Louisiana, (US).

Bifrost Project, Denmark
Bifrost is a CCS project to develop infrastruc­
ture  that  will  link  European  industrial  hubs 
with  offshore  storage  in  the  North  Sea.  In 
partnership  with  Denmark’s  state­owned 
Nordsøfonden,  TotalEnergies  obtained  two 
licenses in early 2023 encompassing the Har­
ald  natural  gas  fields  we  currently  operate 
and a saline aquifer, to explore the area’s CO2 
storage  potential.  TotalEnergies  will  operate 
under  those  licenses  and  plans  to  develop 
a  project  totaling  more  than  5  Mt CO2/year, 
sourced  from  Denmark  as  well  as  Germany,  
Sweden and Poland. 

Reducing carbon emissions 
at our facilities

CCS  is  also  an  important  tool  for  reducing 
emissions  at  our  facilities,  whether  we  are 
operator or partner. Those projects span both 
upstream (native CO2 capture and storage in 
Papua New Guinea and at Ichthys LNG) and 
downstream,  with  studies  underway  for  our 
Normandy, Antwerp and Leuna refineries. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOffsetting Residual 
Emissions With 
Natural Carbon Sinks

“We are investing in 
forestry, regenerative 
agriculture and 
wetlands protection 
projects.”

F orest preservation and restoration can 

be  instrumental  in  achieving  net  zero 
emissions worldwide by 2050. The Par­
is Agreement encourages these solutions as 
a way to meet climate change mitigation tar­
gets,  as  well  as  the  related  market  mecha­
nisms for carbon credit trading. The COPs in 
Glasgow  (2021)  and  Sharm  El­Sheikh  (2022) 
yielded  progress  toward  that  goal,  with  the 
adoption  of  rules  for  implementation  of  Arti­
cle 6 of the Paris Agreement and the appoint­
ment  of  the  supervisory  body  envisioned  in 
Article 6.4. 

stressing the need to manage risks that have 
adverse effects on people or the environment. 

We are backing the efforts underway to cre­
ate  a  climate  of  trust  that  addresses  those 
legitimate  concerns  and  ultimately  yields  a 
robust and reputable voluntary credit system, 
one that boosts public and private funding to 
ensure that projects beneficial to the climate, 
people and diversity can be developed at the 
appropriate scale. That is one of the challeng­
es facing COP 28, to be held in the United Arab 
Emirates. 

Nonetheless,  the  ongoing  enhancements  to 
the  framework  for  meeting  that  goal  raise 
some complex issues. Civil society is rightly 
demanding measures to strengthen the integ­
rity  and  permanence  of  emissions  reduc­
tions obtained through carbon credits, and is 

Avoid, reduce, compensate

We have embarked on a fundamental transfor­
mation of our Company in which our priority is 
to “avoid” and “reduce” emissions. Only in 2030 
will TotalEnergies begin voluntary offsetting of 

Peruvian forest.

its residual emissions via NBS (Nature Based 
Solutions)  carbon  credits,  which  will  contin­
ue gradually until 2050, and will offset only its 
Scope  1+2  residual  emissions,  amounting  to 
about 10% of the Company’s global footprint.

To that end, we are investing in forestry, regen­
erative agriculture and wetlands protection pro­
jects. Our strategy consists of combining and 
balancing the value of people’s financial reve­
nue from agriculture and forestry and the val­
ue of the benefits to soil, biodiversity, the water 
cycle  and  the  production  of  carbon  credits.  
When  that  approach  is  successful,  the  local 
standard  of  living  improves  and  degradation 

of the land diminishes – as do emissions. This 
search for balance among different practices 
makes a just transition possible.

In  2022,  TotalEnergies  forged  new  partner­
ships and agreements with recognized stake­
holders  in  Gabon,  Peru,  Southeast  Asia  and 
Guatemala.  At  year  end,  our  stock  of  credits 
stood  at  just  under  7  million.  We  have  budg­
eted  $100  million  annually  for  these  projects, 
and  the  cumulative  budget  pledged  for  all  of 
these campaigns amounts to nearly $675 mil­
lion  over  their  lifespan,  with  the  accumulated 
credits expected to total 45 million in 2030 and 
69 million over the lifespan of the projects. The 
final tally of credits obtained will be determined 
once the projects have been completed. 

58

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWorking With Our 
Partners on Non- 
Operated Assets

O ur  Scope  1+2  emissions  based  on 

equity share amounted to 56 Mt CO2e 
in 2022. Half of those emissions are 
attributable to our interests in sites we operate; 
the balance is from our interests in sites oper­
ated by our partners. 

from our assets operated by third parties. To 
that end, TotalEnergies shares its CCS exper­
tise  with  its  partners,  as  can  be  seen  in  its 
alliance  with  Sempra  Infrastructures,  which 
operates the Cameron LNG natural gas lique­
faction plant (see p. 56).

We  are  actively  mobilizing  our  partners  to 
reduce emissions from assets they operate:

•  At  Exploration  &  Production,  a  dedicat-
ed team is tasked with sharing best practic­
es with our partners at non­operated assets, 
such as deploying a decarbonization roadm­
ap that includes an energy assessment, elim­
inating  methane  venting  and  routine  flaring, 
and  improving  energy  efficiency,  particularly 
for gas turbines and compressors. We use the 
projects  conducted  at  our  operated  sites  to 
illustrate ways our partners can reduce their 
Scope 1+2 emissions and encourage uptake. 

•  Carbon  capture  and  storage  is  also  an 
important tool for reducing direct emissions 

• TotalEnergies works with its partners at each 
non­operated  site  on  methane  emissions 
reduction,  promoting  the  goal  of  zero  meth­
ane by 2030 and implementing the OGMP 2.0 
reporting framework. We share feedback and 
best practices with our partners, via the Meth-
ane Guiding Principles and other resources. 
TotalEnergies  is  also  a  founding  member  of 
the Oil & Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI), whose 
twelve  members  have  collectively  met  the 
goal  of  reducing  the  methane  intensity  of 
their operations significantly below 0.2%. The 
organization is promoting the Aiming for Zero 
Methane  Emissions  initiative,  which  seeks 
drastic  reductions  in  methane  emissions  by 
2030  across  the  entire  oil  and  gas  industry 
(see p. 30). 

Liquefaction terminal (US).

SCOPE 1+2 BASED ON EQUITY SHARE

Mt CO2e

 Oil & Gas operations     Refining

 Marketing and Services     GRP

  Operated sites 
30 Mt CO2e

Non-operated sites 
26 Mt CO2e

56 Mt CO2e
2022

59

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsAMBITION NET ZERO BY 2050, TOGETHER WITH SOCIETY

Key Takeaways

OUR OBJECTIVES FOR 2030

SCOPE 1+2

OUR LEVERS

REDUCE SCOPE 1+2

IMPROVE THE EFFICIENCY OF OUR FACILITIES

CAPTURE AND STORE CARBON FROM OUR FACILITIES

•  Achieve zero routine flaring by 2030 and less than 0.1 Mm3/d  

•  Develop a CCS capacity of 10 Mt/y by 2030 4.

by 2025.

•  Invest in emissions­reduction projects  

OFFSET RESIDUAL EMISSIONS

(400 projects identified, $1 B over 2023-2024).

New

•  Invest $100 million a year to develop natural carbon sink  

•  Decarbonize our electricity purchases in Europe and the United 

capacity of 5 to 10 Mt/y by 2030.

Reduce our emissions – Scope 1+2 Operated

Mt CO2e

40 

CCGT

New
38

> - 40%
(vs 2015 (1))

0 

2015

SCOPE 3 

2025

2030

Produce more energy for our customers 
while reducing our products’ carbon footprint

Carbon intensity 2

Scope 3 - Oil 3

Mt CO2e

States (Scope 2) by 2025.

TOWARDS ZERO METHANE EMISSION

•  Reduce emissions by 80% by 2030 (compared to 2020).

•  Methane intensity of operated gas installations below 0.1%.

DEVELOP A MULTI-ENERGY OFFER

ELECTRICITY    

•  Rank among the top 5 producers of renewable electricity  

(wind and solar).

•  Achieve the same customer recognition in electric mobility 

tomorrow as we have in fuel retailing today.

OIL PRODUCTS   

•  Focus on projects with low emissions and low technical costs.

• Set the standard in the reduction of oil chain emissions.

100

New

- 15

- 25

New

NATURAL GAS   

350

> - 30%

•  Cement our position among the top 3 in LNG.
• Set the standard in the reduction of gas chain emissions.

> - 40%

LOW-CARBON MOLECULES   

2015

2025

2030

2015

2025

2030

•  Develop production of biofuels and biogas with a 10% share of  

exceeding 10 Mt/year by 20304.

the global SAF market in 2030.
•  Produce one million tons of clean H2/e-fuels by 2030.

•   Forge partnerships with our top 1000 suppliers to reduce 

emissions from our purchasing.

1.  Including carbon sinks. 2. Average net carbon intensity of energy products. 3. Indirect GHG emissions related to the use by customers of energy products sold. 4. Overall capacity that includes storage for our facilities as well as the storage offer for our customers.

60

 Low-carbon molecules

 Electricity

 Gas

 Oil products

2015

2022

2030

REDUCE SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS, TOGETHER WITH 
SOCIETY
•  Guide our customers towards lower­carbon energies.

•  Promote a circular economy approach in the use of biomass  

and plastics.

•  Develop a carbon storage offer for our customers with capacity 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators   
   
   
People’s Well-Being

TOTALENERGIES 
EMPLOYEES

62

63

65

68

72

What is at Stake?

Ensuring People’s Safety 

Upholding Human Rights 

Transforming with Our People

Key Takeaways

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWHAT IS AT STAKE?

The  2015  Paris  Agreement  has  generated 
a  groundswell  of  awareness  about  the  cli­
mate challenges and the imperative to take 
action  into  account  the  requirements  of  a 
just  transition. 

The  ILO’s  guidelines  for  a  just  transition 
towards  environmentally  sustainable  econ­
omies  and  societies  for  all  emphasize  that 
economic actors must go beyond this single 
field  to  integrate  social  and  environmental 
concerns into their activities. Thus, attention 
to people is highlighted as a key element, cov­
ering multiple dimensions: safety, respect for 
human rights or individual fulfillment.

As  a  major  player  in  the  energy  world,  
TotalEnergies  aims  to  be  a  leading  name  as 
a  responsible  employer  and  operator.  For 
that purpose, we draw on the principles at the 
heart of our business model and our Code of 
Conduct,  which  applies  to  all  of  our  opera­
tions worldwide

Safety and respect for each other are the two 
core values of TotalEnergies. Safety is part of 
our Company’s DNA. We make every effort to 
ensure that everyone, whether our employee 
or an employee of our contractors, is able to 
return home safely at the end of their workday.

62

Operator in the HDS3 unit. Refinery of Leuna ( Germany).

transition  for  our  employees.  Their  engage­
ment  and  skills  are  the  main  drivers  of  our 
long­term  performance.  Promoting 
their 
well­being, an inclusive corporate culture and 
an environment that encourages the expres­
sion and development of everyone’s potential 
is essential to achieving this transition while 
leaving no one behind. 

“Listening to stakeholders 
is an essential part of the 
just transition. It allows 
us to better understand 
society’s expectations, 
which are affected by the 
geopolitical context, the 
fear of inflation or the rise 
in social inequalities, and 
to direct our actions towards 
paying greater attention 
to people’s well-being.”

Respect  for  each  other  includes  respect  for 
human  rights,  in  the  workplace,  in  relations 
with host communities and in contexts where 
security is an issue. We apply best practices 
in  this  regard,  based  on  the  United  Nations 
Guiding Principles, among others.

The  transformation  we  are  undertaking  to 
become a multi­energy company and achieve 
our  ambition  of  carbon  neutrality  in  2050, 
together  with  society,  is  meant  to  be  a  just 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsEnsuring 
People’s Safety 

Operator in front of the La Mède biorefinery, making the symbole of the Company’s safety program (France).

63

S afety 

is  more  than  a  priority  at  
TotalEnergies  –  it  is  a  core  value  on 
which we will not compromise for any 
reason. Everyone who works at our sites must 
be able to return home safe and sound at the 
end of their workday.
The Company has set a goal of ”zero fatalities”  
and  is  aiming  for  ongoing  reductions  in  the 
number of accidents.

Sadly,  we  recorded  three  accident­related 
fatalities in 2022 among contractor staff. An 
analysis of these cases led to specific action 
plans (see below).

Actions to prevent fatal accidents

Our action plans to prevent fatal accidents are 
based  on  long­term  work  to  continuously 
adapt and systematically implement our two 
global  programs  in  the  field:  Our  Lives  First 
and the Golden Rules. 

This indispensable fundamental work is sup­
plemented  by  specific  action  plans  resulting 
from  investigations  carried  out  when  new 
events occur.  

PREVENTING ACCIDENTS

LESSONS LEARNED FROM THE THREE ACCIDENT-RELATED FATALITIES IN 2022
—

BURKINA FASO – April 27, 2022
Kader was electrocuted in a service station 
when his rolling scaffold got close to an 
overhead medium voltage power line during 
rebranding work.

Action plan
For all service stations and sites with 
overhead power lines:
•  Isolate the power line with the grid manager 

before starting any work nearby. 

•  Prohibit scaffolds under live power lines.
•  Ensure a minimal lateral safety distance  

with dedicated surveillance.

ARGENTINA – August 10, 2022
Florentin was buried in a landslide when 
he was removing rubble from a quarry 
with a loading shovel. 

Action plan
•  Control the application of the prohibition  
that a worker be alone on an remote site. 

FRANCE – September 23, 2022
Alvin was killed when his tanker truck 
overturned on a motorway.

Action plan
Deploy the best and most recent technologies 
worldwide by end-2024:
•  Lane departure warning system;
•  Advanced fatigue and distraction detection.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOUR LIVES FIRST PROGRAM

“Our Lives First” program across the Company, 
in 2022: 

   •  150,000 Life Saving  

Checks,

•  10,000 Joint  
Safety Tours,

•  100% of sites deployed  
the Safety Green Light.

Adapting our 12 Golden Rules
Concerning occupational safety, our 12 Gold­
en  Rules  apply  to  all  TotalEnergies  employ­
ees  and  contractors.  They  are  a  key  tool  for 
achieving our safety objectives. 

In 2022, the Golden Rules were revised to inte­
grate  feedback  from  recent  accidents  in  the 
Company and the industry. 

OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY

The number of injuries per million 
hours worked (TRIR) for Company 
employees and contractors has 
improved regularly for many years. 
It stood at 0.73 in 2021 and 0.67 
in 2022.

TOTALENERGIES TRIR

Total recordable injury rate per million hours worked.

1.5 

1.0 

0.5 

0.0 

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019 2020

2021 2022

High-risk 
Situations

Traffic

Body Mechanics 
and Tools

Personal 
Protective 
Equipment

Powered Systems

Confined Spaces

Work at Height

Work Permits

Hot Work

Lifting 
operations

Line of Fire

Two new Golden Rules were added:
• Hot work (risk of fire or explosion) 
•  Line of fire (risk when a person is directly in 

the path of a hazard) 

This  revision  was  a  key  theme  at  our  World 
Safety  Day  on  April  29,  2022,  which  brought 
together all Company employees and contrac­
tors  at  our  operated  sites.  After  this  launch, 
the revised Golden Rules were deployed in the 
second half of 2022 at all sites. 

Preventing other accidents

Preventing  major  accidents  and  accidental 
pollution
We track the number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 losses 
of  primary  containment,  as  defined  by  indus­
try standards. The prevention policy we imple­
mented based on managing technical integrity 
and operating excellence has resulted in a four­
fold decrease since 2015. The figure for 2022 
(48)  is  a  significant  improvement  over  2021 
(77).  The  Company  did  not  experience  any 
major industrial accidents in 2022. 

An indicator of the number of losses of primary 
containment as defined in the API and IGOP standards 
(excluding acts of sabotage and theft), Tier 1 incidents 
being those that may have the most serious consequences.

150 

100 

50 

0 

2015 2016 2017 2018

2019 2020

2021 2022

Excavation Work

TIER 1 AND TIER 2

Worldwide deployment of 
the “Our Lives First” program
The “Our Lives First” program was expanded 
in  2022.  The  program  is  designed  to  imple­
ment three types of practical actions at all of 
our sites:

•  Life  Saving  Checks:  Based  on  an  analysis 
of past accidents, five activities were identi­
fied as generating the highest risk, with the 
potential for a fatal accident: work at height, 
work  on  powered  systems,  hot  work,  lift­
ing  operations  and  work  in  confined  spac­
es. Safety checklists have been drafted for 
these activities to check that work is carried 
out correctly in the field, in compliance with 
the safety rules.

•  Joint  Safety  Tours:  Front­line  presence 
and  safety  dialogue  have  been  enhanced 
to  promote  a  shared  safety  culture.  Joint 
safety tours with TotalEnergies senior man­
agement and contractor partners are held in 
addition  to  daily  visits  from  local  manage­
ment. 

•  Safety  Green  Light:  The  goal  is  to  ensure 
that  the  intervening  teams  understand  the 
risks  involved,  notably  of  a  fatal  accident, 
before starting work. The team goes through 
a ritual of questions, signed off by each team 
member, as part of the work permit process.

64

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
  
  
Upholding 
Human Rights 

65

Personal Protective Equipment shop (Mozambique).

R espect for each other is a core value 

at  TotalEnergies,  at  the  heart  of  our 
collective  ethics  and  Code  of  Con­
duct.  The  Code  of  Conduct  applies  to  all 
our  employees,  as  well  as  our  suppliers  and 
contractors.  Respect  for  each  other  means 
respect  for  human  rights,  which  are  non­ne­
gotiable in our operations around the world. It 
is also a collective and individual requirement.

Our  salient  risks  of  impacting  human  rights 
remain  unchanged  from  2021.  They  break 
down into three categories: 

          Human 
       rights 
    in the 
workplace

Human 
    rights and      
         security

Our 
salient 
risks 

Human rights and 
local communities

Our commitments:
•  Our values and Code of conduct

•  Compliance with international standards  

and principles:
-  Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
-  United Nations Guiding Principles  
on Business and Human Rights,

- Fundamental Conventions of the ILO,
-  Voluntary Principles on Security 

and Human Rights (VPSHR),

-  The OECD Guidelines for Multinational 

Enterprises.

Human rights in the workplace

We  take  action  against  all  forms  of  discrim­
ination,  forced  labor  and  child  labor;  ensure 
good  quality  working  conditions  and  decent 
wages; and require the same of our suppliers 
in their operations (see p. 92).
In the field, we emphasize training to explain, 
anticipate  and  prevent  human  rights  risks. 
More  than  2,050  employees  participated 
in  classroom  training  in  2022.  In  all,  35,700 
employees  have  taken  part  in  the  online 
human rights in the workplace training module 
since it was introduced in 2019. 
We  are  also  engaged  in  conducting  exter­
nal  audits  of  our  affiliates  using  the  con­
sulting  firm  Good  Corporation.  In  2022,  five 
assessments  were  conducted  in  four  coun­
tries  (Mexico,  Argentina,  India  and  Qatar)  by 
this consultant, and 200 supplier audits were 
also performed. Half of such supplier audits 
required  corrective  action  plans  which  are 
ongoing.
In  2022,  we  joined  the  International  Labour 
Organization’s Child Labour Platform, a multi­
sector initiative to combat child labor.

Human rights and 
local communities

In  our  project  development  process,  we 
conduct  specific  due  diligence  as  soon  as 
studies begin to identify the potential negative 
impacts of our activities on local communities, 
as  well  as  appropriate  remediation  plans,  in 
accordance  with  the  United  Nations  Guiding 
Principles  on  Business  and  Human  Rights 
(UNGPs). 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Human rights and 
security operations

When  security  contractors  or  government 
forces in charge of protecting our employees 
and installations have to intervene, we make 
sure  they  have  been  vetted  individually  and 
received adequate training. We also perform 
analyses  each  year  to  assess  the  security 
risks at our sites. In March 2022, we published 
our  Voluntary  Principles  on  Security  and 
Human  Rights  (VPSHR)  report  for  2021.  In 
Mozambique, Uganda and Papua­New Guin­
ea, we continued to provide VPHSR training. 
In all, 3,557 people were trained in 2022. 

The Risk Committee analyzes project impacts 
before  investment  decisions  are  made  and 
can alert the Company to the need to adjust 
the project with regard to human rights chal­
lenges. We comply with our Charter Regarding 
Indigenous and Tribal Peoples issued in 2012. 
In 2022, we published a Human Rights Impact 
Assessment (HRIA) for the Tilenga project in 
Uganda.  Updates  to  the  Human  Rights  Due 
Diligences  (HRDD)  for  Mozambique  LNG, 
including  a  conflict  sensitivity  analysis,  and 
for EACOP, have been performed.

We  are  setting  up  mechanisms  to  manage 
grievances in our affiliates. We maintain reg­
ular dialogue with our stakeholders, including 
human  rights  defenders  NGOs  who  help  us 
identify actions in the field, and we make sure 
to involve them in the pre­project stages. We 
bring  in  independent  third  party  experts  for 
complex situations. In Papua­New Guinea, for 
example, a panel of independent experts was 
formed in 2022 to advise us on dialogue with 
local communities and other issues.

We listen to whistleblowers

HUMAN RIGHTS

The  Company’s  Ethics  Committee  reports 
directly to the Chairman and CEO and oversees 
a network of more than 100 Ethics Officers. It 
maintains  a  system  for  reporting  situations 
or  behavior  that  violate  the  Code  of  Conduct, 
including  a  grievance  reporting  mechanism 
(at  ethics@totalenergies.com).  In  2022,  151 
reports were logged and processed.  

151

reports were logged and 
processed in 2022, through 
our reporting system

OUR ORGANIZATION ENSURES 
RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
—
It acts on three levels: 
1.  Our affiliates’ human rights representatives, 
most of whom are Ethics Officers in our host 
countries or dedicated Human Rights 
correspondents depending on the project, 
who are in contact with local populations  
and are active in the field. 

2.  The Business Segment human rights 

coordinators. 

3.  The Human Rights Department of the 
Sustainability and Climate direction,  
reporting to the President Strategy and 
Sustainability, who sits on the Executive 
Committee; the department interacts  
with the Risk Committee and the  
Ethics Committee. 

The Human Rights Department leads a quarterly 
steering committee meeting attended by 
representatives from each Business Segment 
and from cross-business functions such as 
Human Resources, Security and Social 
Engagement. It organizes a monthly review with 
each of these Business Segments and functions 
to ensure, among other things, that specific due 
diligences are performed as soon as a project or 
new activity requires, as outlined in our Human 
Rights Guide published in 2015. 

OUR EXTERNAL PARTNERS

66

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsMOZAMBIQUE

ASSESSING THE HUMANITARIAN 
AND HUMAN RIGHTS SITUATION
—
The project led by Mozambique LNG in the 
Cabo Delgado region was suspended due to 
force majeure in April 2021 after 
insurrections and armed conflict in the 
region which caused a humanitarian crisis. 

In 2022, as tensions subsided somewhat, 
the teams were able to re-establish contact 
with local communities, NGOs, civil society 
organizations, the government and the 
National Human Rights Commission, 
a key partner. 

Mozambique LNG, backed by local NGOs, has 
initiated a number of projects for the local 
population, including booths equipped with 
solar panels for micro-shops, agricultural  
and fish farming activities, micro-loans for 
opening a business (see p. 90).

In December 2022, TotalEnergies entrusted 
Jean-Christophe Ruffin, a French doctor, 
writer and diplomat, with an independent 
mission to assess the humanitarian and 
human rights situation in Cabo Delgado 
province. 

MYANMAR

OUR RESPONSIBLE WITHDRAWAL 
FROM MYANMAR
—
Following the coup of February 1, 2021 in 
Myanmar, we decided on January 21, 2022  
to withdraw from the country, effective in  
July 2022. We studied the withdrawal’s impact 
on the human rights of our employees and 
local communities located near the export gas 
pipeline to Thailand, as well as the human 
rights of our contractors’ employees. 
We set up a counseling hotline and a specific 
grievance management system among other 
things to support our employees.
PTTEP, our Thai partner in the Yadana field, 
is the new operator. We negotiated an 
agreement with PTTEP in which it pledged to 
take on virtually all of our employees without 
changing the terms of their contracts and 
to continue a social engagement program 
benefiting local communities to which  
we contributed. 
As part of a commitment made in 2021, 
we donated $25.3 million to humanitarian 
organizations working with the local 
population.

67

Fishing center, solar kiosk and small retail shop in Mozambique.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsTransforming 
with Our People

O ur employees are at the heart of our 

performance and their engagement 
is  essential  to  the  success  of  our 
transformation. Our Better Together program 
brings together a set of measures to make the 
Company a good place to work together and 
to lead to a just transition.

Employees confident in our ability 
to achieve our ambition, with 
engagement at 80%

We  believe  that  listening  to  our  stakeholders 
is  an  essential  part  of  the  just  transition,  and 
this  is  achieved  through  social  dialogue  and 
participatory  approaches  (see  p. 85).  All  of 

TOTALENERGIES ENGAGEMENT INDEX 1

    2022      2019      2017

% agree

Commitment

Pride

Endorsement  
of goals

Recommend  
as an employer

Personal 
accomplishment

Confidence  
in senior 
management

Loyalty

88

92
91

88
87
87

85

88
87

81
81
81

77
76
75

76
74
73

67
67
68

our employees around the world are surveyed 
every  other  year  about  their  engagement  at 
work and perception of the Company’s future 
through the TotalEnergies Survey (80% partici­
pation rate, 86,000 individual feedbacks).

In this survey, we assess the level of employee 
engagement through seven specific questions 
formulated  by  Ipsos.  The  engagement  score 
was seven points higher than the benchmark 
made up of companies with more than 10,000 
employees worldwide. 

87%

of employees have confidence 
in the ability of TotalEnergies  
to achieve its Ambition.

TOTALENERGIES ENGAGEMENT 
SCORE  

%

80.3

73

TotalEnergies

Benchmark (2)

2022 

2022

68

Employees at the petrochemical platform plant in Port Arthur, Texas.

1. Results scope: Company without Hutchinson. 2. Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsMaintaining this high level of engagement is 
our responsibility and motivation. This leads 
us  to  innovate  and  experiment  with  new  ini­
tiatives in order to make our employees ever 
more active participants in our transformation.

In 2022, for the first time, nearly 300 employ­
ees  under  35  from  around  the  world  came 
together for two days at the One Young Cam­
pus. They were asked to make practical sug­
gestions  and  discuss  six  key  topics  with 
members  of  the  Executive  Committee  and 
senior  executives:  climate  change,  sustain­
able  development,  position  on  controversial 
projects, diversity and inclusion, talent devel­
opment and the Company’s future. The pos­
itive  and  constructive  feedback  from  this 
innovative  event  led  us  to  renew  the  experi­
ence in April 2023 with 300 employees aged 
35 to 45. 

Talent and skills: The keys to our 
successful transformation

Developing  everyone’s  skills  is  a  major  chal­
lenge  for  a  just  transition.  Our  goal  is  to 
empower all employees to take charge of their 
career development, notably through the inter­
nal  mobility  platform.  The  results  of  the  last 
TotalEnergies Survey show that we are on the 
right track (see below). 

2022 Initiatives
To keep moving forward, new initiatives were 
launched  to  support  our  employees  in  our 
transformation: 
•  The Visa for TotalEnergies program was 
rolled out to inform employees about climate 
challenges and the responses provided by 
our new ambition. Over a six­month period, 
30,000 people in 112 countries took part in 
two days of training, with more than 200 ple­

LAST TOTALENERGIES SURVEY RESULTS

I consider myself to be in the 
driving seat of my professional 
development

Over the last 12 months
I have learnt new things and 
I have gained in competency

I can access information 
about the available positions 
within TotalEnergies

 Agree

  Disagree

 Don’t know

73

65 1

78

51

55

62 1

79

1. Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world.

2017

2019

2022

69

nary sessions and over 2,000 workshops. 
The interactive nature of the sessions, led 
by nearly 3,700 executives and managers, 
contributed to the construction of a shared 
multi­energies culture. Deployment contin­
ued in 2023, with training for employees of 
our industrial sites with shift schedule or 
rotating schedule and the introduction of a 
chapter on electricity.

•  Starting in 2023, each employee will be able 
to freely decide which training courses they 
consider important for their development, up 
to three days per year, in addition to manda­
tory training.

•  100% of technical disciplines were mapped 
by typical roles and skills, a first step in sup­
porting employees who want to upskill in 
new areas of energy. At OneTech, around 
20%  of  technical  staff  mobility  required 
upskilling, backed by either appropriate train­
ing or specific support during onboarding. 
Employees experienced in managing Oil & 
Gas projects, for example, can shift over to 
solar farm installation projects and reservoir 
engineers transitioning to yield engineering 
in offshore wind. 

•  750 co­development workshops were organ­
ized for manager coaches, with more than 
4,500 participants. This innovative approach 
launched in 2021 provides an opportunity to 
discuss tangible issues encountered on a 
daily basis among peers and find collective 
solutions. In all, 98% of managers said the 
workshops had helped them solve a shared 
problem, and 89% said they would like to 
participate again in the future.

•  Sixty young professionals (62% women and 
65%  non­French  representing  23  different 
nationalities)  were  recruited  through  the 
OneTech  Graduate  Program.  This  group  of 
young  multi­energies  talents  was  formed 
over  the  two­year  program,  which  included 
learning  expeditions  and  three  eight­month 
assignments. 

170

applications on average for 
each job offer in France.

GRANDPUITS

TAKE INTO ACCOUNT  
SOCIAL IMPACTS 
—
Our industrial site conversion projects pay 
the utmost attention to potential social 
impacts. The project to convert Grandpuits 
was presented in full transparency to our 
peers, International Labour Organization (ILO) 
and International Trade Union Confederation 
(ITUC) representatives, as part of the 
“Energy for a Just Transition” initiative 
led by two civil society organizations. Our 
approach to engaging with stakeholders, 
which included public hearings, training for 
employees, and maintained employment in 
jobs related to biofuels or renewable energies, 
was appreciated. The scale of support 
for employees was particularly singled  
out for praise.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsAn inclusive company that respects each of its employees

Care program for a Company that is a great place to work

A  diverse  workforce  and  management  team 
is critical to the Company’s competitiveness, 
ability  to  innovate,  appeal  and  acceptability. 
(see below). 

In 2022, numerous Inclusion Talks were held 

to accelerate awareness of inclusion. In addi­
tion, the Executive Committee has decided 
to launch an awareness­raising campaign for 
employees on LGBTQIA+ matters. To demon­
strate its commitment, the Company in France 
will sign the Autre Cercle charter in 2023. 

In  a 
fast­moving  environment,  people’s 
well­being  is  a  driver  in  employee  engage­
ment.  In  2022,  the  level  of  our  employees’ 
well-being was measured in a first Care index, 
based  on  questions  asked  in  the  TotalEner­
gies Survey (see below).

based on measures and commitments related 
to health, social protection, the work environ­
ment, ways of working and the family sphere.
The  program  is  aligned  with  our  ambition 
to make the Company a good place to work 
together. 

Diversity 2025 roadmap: Ongoing progress

In  2023,  in  addition  to  the  listening  to  our 
employees approaches described above, we 
are developing a TotalEnergies Care program 

EVOLUTION OF GENDER DIVERSITY 

% of women among 
senior management

30

22.6

23.8

19.2

% of women among 
senior executives

26.5

27.5

21.6

30

TOTALENERGIES CARE INDEX 1

% agree

    2022      2019

2018

2021

2022

2025 Objective

2018

2021

2022

2025 Objective

EVOLUTION OF INTERNATIONALIZATION

% Non-French nationals 
among senior management

34

34.2

32

40

% Non-French nationals  
among senior executives

45

36.6

37.4

32.1

Working in safe 
conditions

Respected in my work

Leeway and autonomy 
at work

Sharing moments 
of conviviality and 
celebrating successes

Manager listening to  
his/her team

Good balance between 
work and personal life

No excessive pressure 
at work

53

61

TOTALENERGIES  
CARE SCORE

%

95

92

75

85

85
83

74
72

83
80

75

72

76.4

78.6

2019

2022

2018

2021

2022

2025 Objective

2018

2021

2022

2025 Objective

1. Results scope: Company without Hutchinson.

70

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsMENTAL HEALTH

OUR POLICY FOR PREVENTING
PSYCHOSOCIAL RISKS COMPRISES 
THREE KEY MEASURES:  
— 
1.  Take action at the source by reducing 

or eliminating any potential risk though 
a system of stress measurements and 
assessment of risk factors in the working 
environment. 

2.  Raise awareness and train our employees 

and managers via a kit distributed 
throughout the Company. 

3.  Assist all employees who need support via  
a 24/7 hotline, regardless of their location.

TOTALENERGIES CARE PROGRAM

 2022 Initiatives

Maternity leave has evolved into a childcare 
leave  of  at  least  14  weeks,  paid  at  100% 
(subject to more protective local measures). 
This leave is offered in all of the Company’s 
affiliates. It is based on a neutral concept of 
families that takes into account the diversity 
of existing family structures. The concepts 
of  “first  parent”  and  “second  parent”  allow 
all parents regardless of the composition of 
their  families  to  benefit  from  leave  for  the 
birth or arrival of a child.

Guided by the will to innovate and experiment, 
we  decided  to  introduce  “Green  Fridays” 
in  January  2023.  Practically  speaking, 
employees are freed from attending meetings 
every  other  Friday  so  they  can  step  back 
and  focus  on  individual  projects.  This  new 
organization has been applied worldwide. 

Health 
Preserve the physical  
and mental health of all our 
employees worldwide

•  Provide medical follow-up to our employees exposed to an occupational 
risk that may have harmful effects on their physical and mental health.
•  Offer employees a health check at least every two years unless there are 

specific local regulations or contexts. 

•  Deploy a global policy for the prevention of psychosocial risks to protect 

the mental health of employees (see sidebar).

Local initiatives  
•  Conduct vaccination and disease prevention campaigns (Covid-19, 
AIDS, cancer, malaria, etc.) for employees, their families, and local 
communities.

Social protection 
Ensure a living wage and quality 
social protection for all our 
employees, regardless of their 
location

•  Ensure all our employees receive direct remuneration above the living 

wage of the country or region in which they work.

•  Set up a health insurance plan or offer a complementary company  

health plan.

•  Set up a death benefit plan, whatever the cause, at least equivalent to 

two years’ gross reference salary

Working environment 
and ways of working
Promote a flexible, modern and 
attractive work organization for  
our employees while preserving 
collective efficiency in a safe 
working environment

•  Generalize and encourage the use of flexible working hours  
and teleworking by establishing clear rules in these areas.

•  Provide training and practical guides for a quick start in 

digital work environments.

•  Conduct information campaigns or organize events related to  

the well-being of employees.

•  Conduct awareness-raising campaigns on work-life balance. 

Local initiatives
•  Deploy user-friendly spaces and Bonjour stores on our sites.

Family sphere
Give our employees  
the opportunity to take care of  
their families

•  Guarantee a minimum of 14 weeks of childcare leave for the first parent 
and 2 weeks for the second parent with 100% retention of their basic 
salary (subject to more protective local measures).

•  Commit to neutralizing absences for childcare leave by granting  

the first parent to return from leave a pay increase equal to the average 
of individual increases received over the last three years.

This program may evolve through dialogue with trade unions. 

71

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsKey Takeaways

OUR AMBITION:
BEING A LEADING NAME AS A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER AND OPERATOR

ENSURE THE SAFETY  
OF EVERYONE

TRANSFORMING  
WITH OUR PEOPLE

RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS 
THROUGHOUT THE VALUE CHAIN

 ZERO FATALITIES OBJECTIVE 

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 

FOSTER A HUMAN RIGHTS CULTURE

KEY POINTS

•  87% of our employees are confident in our ability to 

•  2,050 employees trained on site in 2022

•  Worldwide deployment of the  

“Our lives first” program

STEADLY REDUCE OUR TRIR

achieve our ambition 

•  80% employee engagement

•  Continue to steadily improve our results and achieve  

DEVELOP TALENTS FOR OUR TRANSFORMATION

a TRIR of 0.65 or less in 2023

PREVENT MAJOR INDUSTRIAL ACCIDENTS

•  Prevent any loss of containment and keep under 50 leaks 

classified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 in 2023

•  30,000 people trained on our ambition in 2022 

Continued training in 2023 on electricity

•  Skills mapping for all our technical disciplines

•  3 days of training per year at the employee’s choice  

from 2023, in addition to mandatory training

PROMOTE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 

•  Progress in gender balance and internationalizing senior 
management and senior executives, in line with the 2025 
roadmap

MAKE THE COMPANY A GOOD PLACE TO WORK TOGETHER 

•  Development of a Care Program

•  Launch of the Care Index

72

•  35,700 trained remotely since 2019

LISTEN TO WHISTLEBLOWERS

•  100 % response to all reports from our internal  

and external stakeholders

•  100 % of our affiliates (SAFT by the end of 2023) 

 have a grievance mechanism system

EVALUATE OUR ETHICS AND 
HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICES

•  By 2024, audit 100% of priority suppliers 

•  200 of these suppliers were audited in 2022

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsCare for the 
Environment

TIERA DEL FUEGO, 
ARGENTINA.

74

75

77

78

80

82

What is at Stake?

Acting for Biodiversity

Biodiversity Action Plan for a  
Wind and Solar Site (La Reunion) 

Preserving Freshwater

Circular Resource Management

Key Takeaways

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
WHAT IS AT STAKE?

In 2022, the world adopted a Global Biodiver­
sity  Framework1,  with  quantified  targets  for 
States  to  halt  biodiversity  decline  by  2030, 
and put nature on a path to recovery for 2050. 
We  support  this  ambitious  and  concrete 
agreement. It also calls on businesses to be 
transparent throughout their value chain2. 

This agreement highlights the importance of 
nature in the broadest sense. It recalls the link 
between climate and biodiversity, with climate 
change being listed by the Intergovernmental 
Science­Policy  Platform  on  Biodiversity  and 
Ecosystem  Services  (IPBES)  as  the  third 
cause  of  biodiversity  loss.  This  makes  us 
all  the  more  determined  to  implement  the 
transformation we are leading in the face of 
climate challenge.

The reporting initiatives and frameworks that 
are  being  set  up,  such  as  the  Taskforce  on 
Nature­related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), 
consider  nature  as  whole,  through  a  combi­
nation of four realms: land, oceans, freshwa­
ter and the atmosphere. 
For a company like TotalEnergies, caring for 
the environment in our activities includes all 
these realms. It is a question of operational 

74

River Bakuilou, Region of Kuilou (republic of the Congo).

“resource  efficiency”,  particularly  through 
our  production  of  circular  polymers.  Final­
ly, it means integrating these issues into our 
value chain: in 2022, we established and test­
ed the sustainable development audit proto­
col (greenhouse gas emissions, biodiversity, 
water and circularity) which will enable us to 
audit 300 suppliers in 2023 (see p. 92). 

excellence.  In  concrete  terms,  this  means 
developing our businesses, including renew­
ables, while at the same time taking actions 
to  protect  biodiversity,    paying  attention  to 
land  use  and  making  commitments  to  pre­
serve forest areas. It means considering the 
issue of freshwater and therefore the preser­
vation of water bodies in our upstream and 
downstream  operations.  It  means  being  a 
player  in  circularity  by  developing  recovery 
channels  for  the  waste  from  our  sites  and 
by  making  a  concrete  contribution  to  this 

In 2022, the world adopted 
a Global Biodiversity 
Framework […] to halt 
biodiversity decline by 
2030, and put nature on a 
path to recovery for 2050.

1.  The  Kunming-Montreal  Global  Biodiversity  Framework,  adop-
ted  by  196  parties  at  the  United  Nations  Convention  on  Biological 
Diversity; https://www.cbd.int/article/cop15-cbd-press-release-final-
19dec2022. 2. Target 15 of the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiver-
sity Framework.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsActing for  
Biodiversity

75

N ature provides many services, known 

as  “ecosystem  services”,  which  are 
directly  or  indirectly  necessary  for 
human activities on earth. We are one of the 
actors  who  depend  on  these  services.  Our 
operations  certainly  have  an  impact  on  eco­
systems,  like  all  human  activities.  Acting  for 
biodiversity is a major focus for us, for all our 
sites, and is the subject of a concrete ambi­
tion and objectives. 

Our approach is to reconcile the development 
of  energy  resources  with  the  protection  of 
biodiversity to build a sustainable future. We 
apply  the  Mitigation  Hierarchy  approach  of 
Avoidance, Reduction/Restoration and Com-
pensation to all our operations and projects. 
In concrete terms, we implement environmen­
tal  impact  assessments  for  all  our  projects, 
including  renewable  energy  projects,  in  all 
countries where we operate.

Our commitments: 2022 update

Our ambition is based on four pillars1: respect­
ing our voluntary exclusion zones, preserving 
biodiversity in our projects and on our exist­
ing sites important for the environment 2, and 
promoting biodiversity. It is based on the Act­
4Nature International commitments we have 
made since 2018 3.  

OUR COMMITMENTS 
—

RESPECTING 
VOLUNTARY 
EXCLUSION 
ZONES

PROMOTING 
BIODIVERSITY

1

4

2

3

MANAGING 
BIODIVERSITY 
IN NEW 
PROJECTS

MANAGING 
BIODIVERSITY 
AT EXISTING 
SITES 

RESPECTING OUR VOLUNTARY  
EXCLUSION ZONES
-  No oil or gas exploration or extraction 

activities in Unesco zones.

-  No oil exploration activities in the Arctic  

sea ice.

MANAGING BIODIVERSITY  
IN OUR NEW PROJECTS
-  Implementation of a biodiversity action plan 

for every new project in areas of interest such 
as IUCN I to IV and Ramsar sites.

-  Production of a positive impact on biodiversity, 
confirmed by a third party, for all new projects 
in priority areas of interest (IUCN I to II and 
Ramsar sites).

MANAGING BIODIVERSITY  
ON OUR EXISTING SITES
-  Implementation of a biodiversity action 
plan for each of our sites important for 
the environment.

-  Consideration of the possibility of creating 

areas with rich biodiversity (habitats for rare 
species, etc.) in end-of-life sites, as one option 
for their rehabilitation.

1. For  more:  https://totalenergies.com/sites/g/files/nytnzq121/files/
documents/2021-10/Brochure_biodiversite_EN_BD.pdf
2. Producing exploration-production sites, refineries, petrochemical and 
polymers facilities and gas-fired power plants. 
3. https://www.act4nature.com/entreprises- engagees-2018/

PROMOTING BIODIVERSITY
-  Promoting biodiversity to the young 

generation, to our employees, and sharing the 
biodiversity data collected from our projects.

Mangrove (Angola).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsIn 2022, we are rolling out 7 biodiversity action 
plans on our new projects located in areas of 
interest  for  biodiversity4,  inlcuding  our  Tilen­
ga project, where we are committed to a net 
gain in biodiversity (see p. 39-40), and we have 
launched 43 biodiversity surveys on our exist­
ing environmentally significant sites.
As  part  of  our  Sustainab’ALL  program,  we 
have decided to go further: our commitment 
to deploy a biodiversity action plan now con­
cerns all our operated sites (see p. 01).
This  year,  we  have  committed  to  a  target  of 
zero net deforestation for each of our projects 
located on new sites. We use the definition of 
forest given by the FAO5. We compensate on 
the  basis  of  surface  (hectares).  None  of  the 
projects launched in 2022 required compen­
sation measures. 

Finally, we take biodiversity into account across 
our value chain, particularly in our supplies. 
(see p. 92). 

World Environment Day
June 10, 2022

76

Each year we organise a World Environment 
Day to raise awareness among all our 100,000 
employees, all over the world, at each of our 
sites. In 2022, this day was dedicated to the 
theme of Biodiversity.

Our partnerships in 2022

We work with scientific partners on these com­
plex biodiversity issues to ensure that we take 
biodiversity into account in our operations. 

•  In  2022,  in  Uganda,  we  worked  on  forestry 
corridors connectivity restoration to increase 
the chimpanzee population and area of occu­
pancy  within  the  Bugoma­Budongo  corridor 
(part  of  the  Tilenga  biodiversity  Action  Plan, 
partner: Ecotrust).

• In 2022, we collaborated with the Internation­
al  Union  for  Conservation  of  Nature  (IUCN) 
to establish best practices for managing the 
impacts of renewable energy on biodiversity. 

• During the COP15 Biodiversity Conference 
in Montreal, we were invited to participate in 
the opening plenary session and several Busi­
ness Forum panels organized by the CBD6, an 
opportunity  to  discuss  nature  preservation 
with  all  stakeholders  (including  the  private 
sector,  conservation  organizations,  private 
sector, scientists), in support of the GBF7.

•  In  2022,  we  participated  in  the  work  on 
the  “Nature  Positive”  concept  through  the 
IUCN’s  Impact  Mitigation  and  Ecological 
Compensation Thematic Group (IMEC) and 
the World Business Council for Sustainable 

Development’s (WBCSD’s) sector pilot pro­
gram8. 

•  We  contribute  to  the  Taskforce  on  Nature­ 
related  Financial  Disclosures  (TNFD)  forum, 
sharing  feedback  from  the  pilot  we  led  in 
June 2022.

•  The  issue  of  footprint  measurement  is  one 
of the challenges for biodiversity. In 2022, we 
continued our work based on the Biodiversity 
Indicators for Site­based Impacts (BISI) meth­
odology  of  the  United  Nations  Environment 
 Programme’s  World  Conservation   Monitoring 
Centre  (UNEP­WCMC).  This  methodology 
will enable the site level biodiversity footprint 
measurements  that  can  be  consolidated  at 
 Company level. Our work is accompanied by an 
independent  review  committee.  The  method­
ology will be made public when it is finalized in 
2024. It has been shared with other companies 
since 2022. In 2022, our R&D has also devel­
oped  various  tools,  including  environmental 
DNA, for environmental impact studies.   

OCEANS

PRESERVING OCEAN BIODIVERSITY 
—
Our offshore oil, gas and wind projects make us 
a player in the marine environment. In 2022,
we continued our collaboration with the Ocean 
100 initiative led by the World Resources Institute 
(WRI) and the World Economic Forum (WEF).
We launched an analysis of our interactions
with the ocean to define a comprehensive 
strategy at the Company level. 
In terms of operations, we deployed specific 
Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs) for our offshore 
facilities in Congo and Denmark in 2022. 

FOCUS

In May 2022, Patrick Pouyanné became 
Chairman of Entreprises pour l’Environnement 
(EpE), an organization of French and international 
companies from all sectors of the economy 
engaged in the energy transition. EpE is the 
French partner of the World Business Council 
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and co-
founder of the Act4Nature International initiative.

“Our commitment 
to implement a 
biodiversity action 
plan now extends 
to all of our 
operated sites.” 

 4. Corresponding to IUCN Cat I to V and Ramsar areas, some of those 
with a net gain. 5. Forest: Land spanning more than 0.5 hectares with 
trees higher than 5 meters and canopy cover of more than 10 percent, 
or trees able to reach these thresholds in situ (Source: Food and Agri-
culture Organization of the United Nations). 6. CBD : Convention of 
Biological Diversity. 7. Global Biodiversity Framework - https://www.
cbd.int/doc/c/e6d3/cd1d/daf663719a03902a9b116c34/cop-15-l-25-
en.pdf 8. https://www.wbcsd.org/Programs/Food-and-Nature/Nature/
Nature-Positive/Roadmaps-to-Nature-Positive 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsFO C U S O N

Biodiversity Action Plan 
for a Wind and Solar Site
(La Reunion)

77

La Perrière wind and solar Farm – Reunion Island (France).

A biodiversity action plan (BAP) was launched 
in 2021 to protect local biodiversity, involving 
external stakeholders, including environmen­
tal  groups,  government  organizations  and 
local  communities,  in  its  design  and  imple­
mentation.  It  was  decided  to  launch  this 
BAP as the site is located in the buffer zone 
of the Reunion Island National Park, an area 
that includes mid­altitude rain forests, signif­
icant  plant  species  and  several  endangered 
fauna  species.  Our  Biodiversity  action  plans 
are designed in accordance with our internal 
guidance  and  ipieca 1  good  practices.  At  La 
Perrière, the plan is based on an inventory of 
fauna and flora established over the dry and 
rainy seasons. 

La Perrière is an established TotalEnergies site 
with a 10 MWp wind farm installed in 2006 and 
a 3 MWp solar plant built in 2011. Considering 
growing  demand  for  electricity,  a  repowering 
project  was  decided.  Construction  of  a  new 
20 MWp wind farm began in 2022. 

The  plan  developed  on  the  site  is  part  of 
TotalEnergies’  proactive  approach  to  con­
serving  Reunion  Island’s  endemic  species, 
including the day gecko (Phelsuma borbonica, 
listed as Endangered species on the IUCN Red 
List). During repowering works, the gecko was 
observed laying eggs and nesting in the instal­
lations being dismantled. 

the eggs in incubators in the refuge area next 
to the site. 

•  Scheduling  wind  turbine  dismantling  from 
January to April, outside the hatching period. 
•  Monitoring the reintroduction of geckos for 

three years after the work. 

The plan also includes a program to monitor 
birds – targeting the Reunion Harrier (Circus 
maillardi,  IUCN  Red  List  of  endangered  spe­
cies) specifically – and bats for the first two 
years  so  that  measures  can  be  adjusted  if 
necessary. 
Lastly,  an  ecosystem  services  assessment 
was carried out. It confirmed that neighboring 
communities  were  not  dependent  on  servic­
es  provided  by  the  ecosystems  impacted  by 
the site. 

1. https://www.ipieca.org/resources/a-guide-to-developing-biodiver-
sity-action-plans

Reunion Island Day Gecko

Measures  taken  as  part  of  the  Biodiversity 
Action Plan include:
•  Calling upon an ecological expert to identify 

the colonized wind turbines. 

•  Moving  the  geckos  to  shelters  and  placing 

2022 HIGHLIGHTS

•  Collaboration with the Reunion Island 

ornithological society (SEOR) on the Papangue 
(Harrier) national action plan (PNA).
•  Monitoring of day gecko reintroduction.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsPreserving 
Freshwater

78

Boat on the Bakuilou River, Kuilou region, Republic of Congo.

I n 2022 we joined the CEO Water Mandate, 

part of the United Nations Global Compact, 
joining  a  group  of  more  than  200 compa­
nies  committed  to  advancing  water  man­
agement.  Our  actions  are  in  line  with  this 
mandate. We detail them for 2022. Details for 
2022 are provided below.

In 2022, we set ourselves a target of reduc­
ing our overall freshwater withdrawals by 20% 
overall1 at sites located in water­stressed are­
as2 between 2021 and 2030. This approach 
aligns with the Science­based  Targets Network 
(SBTN) methodology. In 2022, we conducted 
basin­by­basin analyses.

Reduce freshwater withdrawals 
in our direct operations

Freshwater  accounts  for  19%  of  the  water 
used  at  our  operated  sites.  and  we  have 
decided to focus our efforts on this unevenly 
distributed  resource  on  the  planet  that  we 
share with our neighbors. 

Ten priority sites are concerned by this objec­
tive 3. Located mainly in Western Europe, they 
represent  51%  of  the  Company’s  total  with­
drawals  in  2022,  or  55  million  cubic  meters. 
The  increase  from  2021  reflects  increased 
activity at our gas-fired power plants (Pont s/
Sambre and Marchienne in France) due to the 
energy crisis in Europe.  

TOTALENERGIES’ FRESHWATER 
WITHDRAWALS BY BUSINESS

Mm3/year

120 

90 

60 

30 

0 

FRESHWATER WITHDRAWALS AT SITES 
LOCATED IN WATER-STRESSED AREAS *

Mm3/year

50 

0 

- 20 %

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021 2022

2021

2022

2030

 Renewables & Power 

 Upstream 

 Downstream

* According to the WRI Baseline Water Stress forecast for 2030.

1. 20% is the target integrated in the reduction for each site. It is an initial approach aligned with the definition of water stress. 2. Areas facing high 
and extremely high levels of water stress as defined by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and Aqueduct (withdrawals exceed 40% of the available 
resource). 3. The sites are the following: our refineries in Normandie and Grandpuits (France), Leuna (Germany), Feluy and Anvers (Belgium), La Porte 
(US), our CCGTs in Marchienne (Belgium) and Pont sur Sambre (France), in Castejon (Spain) and our operated Barnett assets (US). These sites account 
for 98% of our withdrawals in water-stressed areas. They are located in the following watersheds: Maas and Scheldt (Belgium), Seine and Côte Ouest 
(France), Elbe (Germany), Ebro (Spain) and Gulf Coast (US).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsIn 2022, all the sites embarked on the process 
to optimize water use and reduce freshwater 
withdrawals. The measures to be implement­
ed will make it possible to achieve and, if pos­
sible, exceed our target by 2030.

In  particular,  our  Antwerp  refinery  has 
approved  an  ambitious  plan  to  reduce  its 
freshwater  withdrawal.  Also,  we  take  water 
challenges into account right from the design 
phase  for  our  installations.  In  Saudi  Arabia, 
the  Amiral  project  includes  the  construction 
of a waste­water treatment plant to reduce the 
site’s water consumption by 70% (see p. 33).

by more than 9 million cubic meters a year, 
or almost 65% of its freshwater withdrawals. 
This represents the consumption of 280,000 
Antwerp residents, out of a total population 
of 620,000.

The studies completed in 2022 made it possi­
ble to launch the project and sign agreements 
with Waterkracht, the joint venture in charge 
of developing this water treatment plant. The 
Antwerp platform plans to adapt the internal 
networks (additional pipes and construction 
of a buffer tank), and will purchase the water 
at the same cost as drinking water. The work 
should be completed in 2025. 

Involving our suppliers

Location of our 10 sites in water-stressed areas in 2030 that withdraw more than 500,000 cubic meters/year5. 

We  take  our  suppliers’  water  footprint  into 
account. In 2022, we established and tested 
an  audit  protocol  that  will  allow  us  to  audit 
300 suppliers in 2023 (see p. 92).
In 2022, we launched a process for our data 
centers, a topic on which we were questioned 
Our  data  centers  are  either  air­cooled  or 
water­cooled in a closed circuit system with 
heat  recovery  and  reuse.  We  therefore  have 
almost zero water consumption.

Freshwater access for local 
populations

Access to water is fundamental to local devel­
opment.  We  have  several  WASH4  programs 
linked to our local operations.

In 2022, in Uganda, the Kirama project renovat­
ed boreholes for 3,000 beneficiaries in 10 villag­
es in the community of Buliisa, provided water 

79

troughs  for  animals,  strengthened  10  water 
users’  management  committees  and  sup­
ported two mechanics’ associations to main­
tain the boreholes. Other equipment installed 
included  a  pump,  a  tank,  chlorine  treatment 
and 20 private connections (see p. 39-40).

Reducing freshwater withdrawals 
in our direct operations: 
The Antwerp complex in Belgium

Located  in  a  water­stressed  area,  the  Ant­
werp complex was the first Refining & Chem­
icals facility to approve a large­scale project 
for reducing freshwater withdrawals in 2022. 
The  project  involves  reusing  treated  waste­
water from local households to supply indus­
tries in the Port of Antwerp. The initiative is 
part  of  the  Flemish  government’s  Blue  Deal 
program,  which  aims  to  attenuate  drought 
and water shortage in the region. It will help 
the  complex  reduce  its  drinking  water  use 

Water fountains (Uganda).

4. WASH : Water, Sanitation And Hygiene. 5. Source : Water Risk Atlas, 
Aqueduct WRI, Water Stress 2030.

Antwerp complex (Belgium).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsCircular Resource 
Management

W e are actors of the circular econ­

omy  through  our  production  of 
biofuels, biogas and circular pol­
ymers. For biofuels, we have set an objective 
of increasing the share of circular feedstock 
(used  cooking  oil  and  animal  fat)  from  50% 
to more than 75% as from 2024. Biogas pro­
duction relies primarily on agricultural waste  
(see p. 34). 
At our sites, promoting circular management 
of resources starts with responsible manage­
ment of our waste.

Valorizing our waste from our sites

This approach, which is based on the Recover 
• Re-use • Recycle • Valorize principle, led to 
a 61% valorization rate of our waste from our 
operated  sites  in  2022.  It  is  the  same  value 
as in 2021. This is explained by the long time 
frame in which we are involved in developing 
such sectors areas.
To  meet  our  objective,  we  are  setting  up 
demanding  waste  management  contracts 
and  partnerships  with  international  waste 
treatment companies, both in France in in our 
host  countries.  This  contributes  to  the  local 
development of waste treatment industries in 
the countries where we operate.

In 2022, we have set ourselves the goal of val­
orizing more than 70% of our waste by 2030. 

Lastly,  we  integrate  the  circular  economy  in 
our value chain with our suppliers (see p. 92). 

Waste management partnership for 
our La Mède biorefinery in France

We have developed a biomethanization value 
chain to reuse biorefinery clays and effluents 
in partnership with Veolia for our biorefinery in 
La Mède (France). 
When the biorefinery came on stream, there 
were  only  two  waste  treatment  processes 
that  could  accept  the  waste  from  our  site: 1 
incineration and landfilling.  

2030: More than 70% valorized

OUR WASTE

Kt/year

600 

400 

200 

0 

80

 The BioVilleneuvois methanization plant in Villeneuve-Sur-Lot (France).

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020 2021

2022

 Non-valorized waste

 Valorized waste

1.  La  Mède’s  biorefinery  process  produces  nearly  10  kt  of  waste 
each year, mainly effluents and filtration clays containing up to 20% 
of vegetable oils and animal fats.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsAs  part  of  a  partnership  with  Veolia  affiliate 
SEDE,  a  biomethanization  chain  was  devel­
oped for waste that we could not avoid. Bio­
gas plants use our waste to produce biogas 
and digestate (a fertilizer). In 2022, we mod­
ified the process so that more biogas plants 
could use our waste. 

Thanks  to  the  deployment  of  this  circular 
waste  management  system,  the  biorefinery 
now valorizes close to 90% of its waste. The 
same system will be used for our future biore­
finery under construction at Grandpuits.

SAFT and battery recycling 

SAFT is a member of the Global Battery Alli­
ance,  a  public­private  collaboration  found­
ed at the World Economic Forum in 2017 to 
develop a sustainable value chain for batter­
ies by 2030. The batteries marketed by SAFT 
are designed to have a reduced environmen­
tal footprint. 

For nickel batteries (primarily used in indus­
trial  backup  in  the  rail  and  aviation  sectors) 
SAFT has developed a network to collect and 
recycle its customers’ used nickel batteries. 
More  than  75%  of  used  batteries’  weight  is 
recovered  and  reused  in  industry.  Saft  has 
pushed the logic of responsible manufactur­
ing to the point of having its own battery recy­
cling plant in Oskarshamn (Sweden).

81

CREATING VALUE FROM 
CIRCULAR FEEDSTOCK

Reduce • Recycle
•  Double by 2030 the amount of circular  

feedstock (in Mt) entering our sites.

•  Reach a 75% share of waste & residues  

in our biofuel production by 2024.

•  Produce 2 TWh of biogas by 2025, mainly  
from waste, targeting 20 TWh by 2030.

YC L E

C
E
R

P

R

O

D

U
C
E

CONSU M E
RESPONS I B L

Y

PRODUCING RESPONSIBLY

Reduce
•  Assess our 1,300 priority suppliers on their overall 
sustainability performance by the end of 2025  
(GHG emissions, biodiversity, water, waste/circularity).

Reduce • Reuse • Recycle
•  70% valorisation rate for our waste by 2030. 

OFFERING OUR CUSTOMERS A RANGE OF LOW-
CARBON ENERGY AND CIRCULAR POLYMERS

Reduce • Rethink • Recycle
• Produce 1 Mt/year of circular polymers in 2030.

RE-use

RE-build

RE-newable

Mechanical recycling

Advanced recycling

Biopolymers

For  lithium-ion  (Li-ion)  batteries  (used  in 
several  sectors,  in  particular  electric  mobil­
ity).  These  batteries  are  now  processed 
at  the  end  of  their  life  using  best  available  
technologies, with no risk to the environment. 
Taking the process a step further, SAFT has 
launched an R&D project with Orano, Paprec, 
MTB  Manufacturing  and  the  French  Atomic 
Energy Commission (CEA) to recycle electric 
vehicle  batteries  in  order  to  recover  metals 
(in particular lithium and cobalt) that can be 
used to make new batteries.

Reusing circular feedstock

We joined the World Economic Forum’s Plat­
form  for  Accelerating  the  Circular  Economy 
(PACE) in 2022. As part of this commitment, 
we monitor two indicators: the amount of cir­
cular feedstock (in Mt) going into our products 
and the amount of sales of circular products 
(in  MUSD).  We  have  committed  to  doubling 
these figures by 2030. 

FOCUS ON

CIRCULAR POLYMERS 
—
In October 2022, we launched our new 
product range RE: clic for our low carbon 
polymers, organized around three product 
lines. It allows us to show our customers 
what type of circularity we can offer and help 
them achieve their sustainability objectives. 
We are investing in our installations and 
forging partnerships to ensure availability.
Our ambition is to produce 1 Mt of circular 
polymers by 2030.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOUR AMBITION:
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE IN THE SERVICE OF THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURE

Key Takeaways

ACT FOR BIODIVERSITY

PRESERVE WATER RESOURCES

PROMOTE CIRCULARITY

RESPECT OUR VOLUNTARY EXCLUSION ZONES

REDUCE OUR FRESHWATER WITHDRAWALS

•  UNESCO: no oil or gas exploration/extraction

•  Reduce our freshwater withdrawals by 20% for our sites located 

KEY POINTS

in water stress zones between 2021 and 2030

•  Launch in 2022 of the project on the Antwerp platform 

(Belgium), to preserve 9 Mm3/year

RESPONSIBLE PRODUCTION: RECOVERING 70%  
OF OUR WASTE BY 2030

•  61% of waste valorized in 2022 thanks to our approach
 "Reduce • Reuse • Recycle • Recover"

•  Arctic sea ice: no oil field exploration

MANAGING BIODIVERSITY IN OUR PROJECTS

•  7 Biodiversity Action plans in progress in 2022 for our projects 

located in biodiversity-rich areas (1)

MANAGE BIODIVERSITY ON OUR EXISTING SITES

•  43 biodiversity plans launched at our sites important  

for the environment (2) in 2022

IMPROVE WATER QUALITY 

•  Double the amount of circular raw materials entering  

BE A PLAYER IN THE CIRCULAR ECONOMY

•  Onshore and coastal sites - target: maximum 1 mg/l 

of hydrocarbons in discharge by 2030

­  In 2022, 73% of the Company’s oil sites met the new target 

•  Offshore sites - target: maximum 30 ppm of hydrocarbons  

our sites by 2030

•  Produce biofuels from 75% waste and residue feedstocks 

by 2024

•  Produce 2 TWh biogas by 2025, targeting 20 TWh by 2030

•  Extension of the requirement to all our operated sites in 2022

in discharge

­  In 2022, 92% of the Company’s oil sites met the target

PROMOTE BIODIVERSITY

•  18 quotations in scientific publications (3)
•  World Environment Day, on the theme of biodiversity,  

celebrated at all our sites

PROTECT THE FOREST

•  Zero net deforestation (4)

OFFER OUR CUSTOMERS A RANGE  
OF CIRCULAR POLYMERS

RE-use

RE-newable

RE-build

Mechanical recycling

Biopolymers

Advanced recycling

In 2022, a sustainable development audit protocol was established and tested: it will enable us to audit 300 of our 1,300 priority suppliers in 2023 on the subjects of biodiversity, water and circularity.

INTEGRATION IN OUR VALUE CHAIN

1. Biodiversity rich Area: IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) zones I-IV and Ramsar zones. The action plan must produce a positive impact on biodiversity, as certified by a third party institution, if the project is located in an IUCN zone I to II and Ramsar zones.2. Sites important for 
the environment: our operated Exploration-Production sites in production, our refineries and petrochemical platforms producing more than 250 kt/year, our gas-fired power plants. 3. Citations of our data shared on the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF). 4. Zero net deforestation on our new 
projects located on new sites. We use the FAO definition of “forest” (Land spanning more than 0.5 hectares with trees higher than 5 meters and a canopy cover of more than 10 percent, or trees able to reach these thresholds in situ). We compensate on the basis of surface area (ha).

82

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
Creating Shared 
Value

DAYAPAR WIND 
PROJECT – 
WIND FARM (INDIA).

84

85

87 

89 

90

91 

92

93

94

What is at Stake?

Engaging With Our Stakeholders

Deploying the Multi-Energy 
Transition in Host Countries

Accessible and Affordable  
Energy for All

Supporting Our Host Communities

Making a Commitment to  
Young People

Working Alongside our Suppliers

Promoting Fiscal Transparency  
and Fighting Corruption

Sharing the Economic Value  
We Create

95

Key Takeaways

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
WHAT IS AT STAKE? 

The  development  of  our  societies  over  the 
last half a century has added around 15 years 
to  average  life  expectancy  (1),  while  the  num­
ber  of  people  living  in  extreme  poverty  has 
decreased  significantly  (2).  This  spectacular 
progress nevertheless masks severe dispari­
ties. And it was largely achieved through the 
use of fossil energies, resulting in a very sharp 
increase in CO2 emissions, which are the main 
cause of the climate change we can observe 
today. The 17 Sustainable Development Goals 
formulated by the United Nations in 2015 aim 
to  eliminate  poverty,  protect  the  planet  and 
improve  everyday  life  for  everyone  all  over 
the world. The 8 billion people currently living 
on the planet, for example, do not all have the 
same access to energy, which is essential for 
their development. 

In  this  situation,  exacerbated  by  geopolitical 
upheavals such as the war in Ukraine and the 
current energy crisis, pressure is growing on 
energy  companies  to  meet  a  wide  range  of 
occasionally conflicting expectations. 

These  demands  are  legitimate,  reflecting 
people’s aspiration to build a more responsible 

1. Between 1970 and 2020 - Source : data.un.org 2. Source : data.un.org

84

value  is  created  at  all  levels,  from  develop­
ing  our  host  communities  to  promoting  fis­
cal  transparency  and  fighting  corruption,  as 
well as steadfast commitment to young peo­
ple and helping them find employment. While 
redistributing wealth is essential, a lot more is 
needed to be able to produce economic value 
while also responding to society’s needs and 
expectations in the current transition. 

“ Pressure is growing on 
energy companies to meet 
a wide range of occasionally 
conflicting expectations. 
These demands reflect 
people’s aspiration to build a 
more responsible and more 
equitable world, while ensuring 
that the required transition is 
as fair as possible.”

Solar kit, Douala, Cameroun.

and more equitable world, while ensuring that 
the required transition is as fair as possible.

itive change; finally, we must report transpar­
ently on our actions. 

We recognize the key role that TotalEnergies 
can  play  in  this  transition,  and  this  carries 
a  number  of  responsibilities:  first,  we  must 
make sure we understand these expectations, 
by holding an open dialogue with all our stake­
holders;  we  must  transform  our  business 
model in order to become a leader in creating 
a new low­carbon energy system, driving pos­

For a company like ours – a key player in the 
energy landscape and member of the United 
Nations  Global  Compact –  creating  shared 
value  means  supporting  the  countries  in 
which we operate as they transition towards a 
multi­energy model lower in carbon and help­
ing  to  make  energy  accessible  and  afforda­
ble  for  as  many  people  as  possible.  Shared 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsEngaging With 
Our Stakeholders

85

Agricultural training session in Tanzania (Livelihood restoration program).

W ith 

industrial  and  commercial 
operations  in  over  130  countries 
across five continents, our activ­
ities have a significant effect on society, and 
directly or indirectly concern a very large num­
ber  of  stakeholders.  With  growing  expecta­
tions of businesses, legitimate questions are 
raised about our strategy, how we implement 
it and the impact it has, from the most imme­
diate local level to the most general.

We firmly believe that we need dialogue, and 
strive  to  provide  honest  and  useful  answers 
to  the  questions  we  are  asked  about  what 
we do, which we try to adapt to the very wide 
variety of people we communicate with (see 
opposite). We take part in existing bodies that 
facilitate this dialogue, such as labor relations 
organizations (see p.86), and we create these 
bodies  where  necessary.  In  2022,  for  exam­
ple, we put together an advisory panel of six 
independent  experts  in  Papua  New  Guinea 
made  up  of  local  representatives  from  civ­
il  society  and  international  scientists,  which 
was operational even before the final decision 
was made to invest in the Papua LNG project. 
Its  main  role  is  to  make  recommendations 
about how the project should go ahead with 
regard to local communities and biodiversity. 
Two meetings have already been held.

On  the  ground,  all  over  the  world,  we  work 
hand in hand with local NGOs. These mostly  
excellent  relationships,  – which  get 
little  
media  coverage –  are  crucial  in  taking  a 
responsible  approach  in  our  operations  and 
enable us to find out and respond to priority 
needs.  

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

•  100,000 employees (see p. 68)

Investors and the financial 
community (see p. 94)

Millions of residential customers, 
businesses and local authorities  
(see p. 55, 89)

100,000 suppliers (see p. 92)

Member of 929 industry 
associations (see p. 21)

Civil society: communities living 
close to our sites, multilateral 
institutions and agencies, universities 
and research centers, experts  
and researchers, NGOs, the media, 
young people (see p. 90, 91)

Public authorities: Host countries, 
local authorities, government bodies 
(see p. 94)

Three members (center) of the Papua LNG 
independent expert panel (Papua New Guinea).

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWe  also  organize  informal  discussion  chan­
nels  in  order  to  dialogue  with  more  critical 
parties, despite growing polarization of opin­
ion. As a result, we pay particular attention to 
any controversies raised, which usually reflect 
unmet expectations, whether or not it is within 
our power to provide a response that is con­
sidered satisfactory. 

The main controversies that we faced in 2022 
related to:
•  Our  strategy  to  get  to  net  zero  by  2050, 
together with society, the pace of the resulting 
transformation of the Company, and whether 
the Company is transforming at all;
• Our climate impact, and particularly that of 
new oil and gas production projects;
• Human rights and the impact of our activi-
ties on local communities, in connection with 
our  duty  of  vigilance,  particularly  in  Uganda 
and  Tanzania  through  our  Tilenga­EACOP 
projects,  as  well  as  in  Mozambique  and  the 
Republic of the Congo;
• Our operations in Myanmar and Russia;
• The impact of our operations on the envi-
ronment,  especially  biodiversity  (e.g.  Mur­
chison Falls National Park in Uganda);
• The Company’s rate of taxation, its profits 
and  the  amount  redistributed  to  its  employ­
ees;
• Fuel, gas and electricity prices, particularly 
in France.

In all its forms, from the most consensual to 
the most conflictual, from the most local level 
to the most global level, dialogue helps to iden­
tify  and  analyze  the  main  risks  and  impacts 
relating to our activities, as well as giving a bet­

86

ter understanding of the complex challenges  
involved  and  the  sometimes  contradictory  
expectations  we  have  to  deal  with.  This  is 
why we set up regional think tanks in France 
in  2022  to  work  with  local  stakeholders  on 
issues  relating  to  the  energy  transition  (see 
“Civil society” inset). 

Discussion between local and central teams, 
as well as regular monitoring and tracking of 
social trends, provides us with a global under­
standing  of  challenges,  to  feed  the  Compa­
ny’s strategy.

Transparency as a principle  
for action

We  believe  that  transparency  is  essential  if 
we are to build relationships of trust with our 
stakeholders. We report on our performance 
through  the  various  commonly  used  ESG 
disclosure  frameworks,  such  as  GRI  (Global 
Reporting Initiative) and SASB (Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board) standards. We 
also include the core metrics recommended 
by the World Economic Forum. 

DIALOGUE WITH EMPLOYEES

AN ESSENTIAL TOOL FOR US TO SUCCESSFULLY ACHIEVE OUR TRANSFORMATION
—
We strive to encourage regular dialogue 
with employees and their representatives.  
In countries where employee representation 
is not mandatory under local legislation,  
the creation of a body to foster dialogue 
is proposed. A total of 92% of employees 
have union representation or employee 
representatives. 

The European Works Council met 25 times 
in 2022 to discuss key issues such as the 
Company’s new energies and the challenges 
they pose. 
To get a clearer understanding of the 
Company’s strategy, learning expeditions 
were organized on the ground to meet 
the dedicated teams.

CIVIL SOCIETY

INVESTORS

TALKING TO PEOPLE LOCALLY
—
In France, a dedicated entity is in charge 
of local dialogue and forming ties with local 
public and private sector representatives. 

Think tanks in 12 regions meet to discuss  
the issues relating to the energy and ecological 
transitions, the industry’s transformation,  
the skills to be developed and regional projects.

The 34 meetings held in 2022 were attended 
by more than 300 people, taking an 
unprecedented and collective approach 
involving people from the business world, civil 
society (non-profits, academics and NGOs), 
public authorities, local politicians, and 
representatives of the farming community 
and related sectors. 

Partnerships have also been formed with city 
authorities to share our respective aims 
in terms of economic development and 
the energy transition. In 2022, TotalEnergies 
entered into a partnership with FNSEA 
to decarbonize farming.

ONGOING, DEMANDING 
AND FRUITFUL DIALOGUE
—
We attach particular importance to dialogue 
with all our shareholders. Members of the 
Executive Committee, the Lead Independent 
Director and the investor relations team 
maintain an ongoing dialogue with them 
about the Company’s strategy and 
sustainability policy. The many interactions 
with our individual and institutional 
shareholders as well as investor coalitions 
such as CA100+ and IIGCC helped provide 
content for this report. 

92%

of employees worldwide have 
union representation or 
employee representatives.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsDeploying the Multi- 
Energy Transition  
in Host Countries

First loading of the LNG Adventure vessel at the Cameron LNG liquefaction terminal in Louisiana (US).

87

At the forefront of OECD countries’ 
energy transition

In  these  countries,  electrification  of  final 
demand, including for mobility, coupled with 
the  decarbonization  of  electricity,  is  a  struc­
tural  change  that  is  helping  to  reduce  emis­
sions and increase energy efficiency. To this 
end,  we  are  investing  in  locally  competitive 
solar  and  wind  power  projects  in  countries 
such as the United States (see p. 88). The cri­
sis  in  Europe  has  also  shown  the  essential 
role played by natural gas in allowing Europe 
to  achieve  its  greenhouse  gas  emission 
reduction targets, a process we are contribut­
ing to (see p. 28). 

Taking a longer­term view, we are also devel­
oping  our  capacity  to  produce  low  carbon 
fuels  such  as  biogas,  low­carbon  hydrogen, 
bio fuels and e­fuels (see p. 34).

We  are  also  promoting  moderation  and 
responsibility in the use of energy by means 
of incentive mechanisms. In November 2022, 
we introduced bonuses for our gas and elec­
tricity customers for cutting down on demand 
and launched a new offer to enable them to 
make better use of off­peak hours. 

B y deploying our strategy, we are help­

ing  host  countries  to  transform  and 
implement their own energy transition 

strategies.

As  a  multi­energy  company,  our  integrated 
model  allows  us  to  provide  technical  solu­
tions tailored to meet the needs of countries 
where the transition is in progress, from ener­
gy production to distribution. 

Our global presence and expertise throughout 
the value chain help with technology transfer. 
By  forming  local  partnerships,  we  make  use 
of and add to the existing industrial and com­
mercial network. And, owing to the time scale 
of our projects, we contribute to the long term 
by investing in local development and skills.

Supporting the energy transition 
in non-OECD countries

Demand for energy is set to increase in these 
countries, driven by their growing populations 
and  by  their  need  to  access  the  energy  for 
economic and social development. It is there­
fore  crucial  to  help  these  countries  respond 
to their populations’ needs by providing them 
with energy as low in carbon as possible. By 
supplying natural gas, particularly in the form 
of LNG, we encourage the replacement of coal 
in all final demand sectors, including electrici­
ty. We are also supporting the rapid growth of 
renewable energies by developing a portfolio 
of wind and solar power projects.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsMULTI-ENERGY DEVELOPMENT IN 5 KEY COUNTRIES IN 2022

 Biomass 

CO2 

 Electricity 

 Natural gas 

 Hydrogen 

 Oil 

 Wind

 Solar

UNITED STATES
Rapid expansion in our two main growth areas,  
LNG and renewables
2022 saw a change of scale in our US operations. 

Acquisition of a 50% stake in Clearway (US 
No. 5 in renewables) and Core Solar. Offshore 
wind power concessions won off the coast 
of New York and New Jersey, and in North 
Carolina. Acquisition of SunPower’s industrial 
and commercial business portfolio.

Start of commercial operations for the new 
Port Arthur ethane cracker. Advanced recycling 
project with New Hope Energy, due to come 
into service in 2025.

Launch of engineering studies in the Cameron 
LNG expansion project; No. 1 US LNG exporter.

Cameron LNG expansion CO2 capture project.

BRAZIL
Partnerships driving multi-energy growth
As an oil-producing country, Brazil presents considerable 
potential for renewables. TotalEnergies significantly ramped 
up its multi-energy activities in the country in 2022.

Start of production for the first phase  
of the giant Mero oilfield. 
Entry into the Sépia and Atapu oilfields.

Joint venture with Casa dos Ventos, the 
Brazilian wind power leader. Aim to develop  
a portfolio of 12 GW.

FRANCE
Growing in the electricity business, No. 1 in biogas,  
we support our customers in their energy transition. 
TotalEnergies has strong roots in France, where it is 
rolling out all aspects of its multi-energy strategy. 

Renewable energy generation of 1 TWh  
with 426 solar plants, 64 wind farms  
and 10 hydropower plants.

Production capacity of 700 GWh, thanks to 7 plants 
feeding into the grid and 11 cogeneration plants. 
Agreement with Saria to produce sustainable aviation 
fuel (SAF) at the Grandpuits zero-crude platform.

6 CCGT power plants generating 14.45 TWh in 2022; 
start of operations at the Landivisiau plant.

No. 1 fuel retailer  
(24% market share in 2022).

17,285 charge points for electric vehicles.

Agreement with Air Liquide to produce renewable,  
low carbon hydrogen at Grandpuits.

INDIA
Major transition challenges
India, the world’s third-largest energy consumer, wants to 
reduce its CO2 emissions by 40% by 2030. TotalEnergies’ 
growing operations in the country reflect that ambition.

Stake in Adani Green Energy Ltd.

Additional gas distribution licenses awarded to 
ATGL; the TotalEnergies and Adani joint venture 
becomes the first private company in its sector.

ANGOLA
A 70-year shared path 
TotalEnergies has been operating in Angola since 1953, 
helping the country to address the challenge of deep 
offshore oil production.  
In July 2022, TotalEnergies announced the launch of three 
projects:

Final decision to invest in the Begonia oilfield,  
the first development in block 17/06.

Final decision to invest in the NAG1 project, Angola’s 
first non-associated natural gas project, which will 
supply the Angola LNG plant.

The Quilemba concession granted to build  
a 35 MW solar plant. 

88
88

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress Report

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsAccessible and 
Affordable 
Energy for All

U niversal  access  to  clean  energy  is 

one of the main aims of the Sustain­
able  Development  Goals  (SDG  7).  
TotalEnergies’  mission  is  to  deliver  energy 
that is more reliable, more affordable, clean­
er and accessible to the greatest number of 
people. In emerging markets, this is a prereq­
uisite for social and economic development.

The energy transition relies in part on using 
more  electricity.  We  devoted  25%  of  our 
investments  to  this  in  2022.  In  emerging 
markets,  particularly  in  Africa,  making  the 
move from traditional biomass towards mod­
ern  forms  of  energy  –  while  keeping  them 
affordable  –  is  essential  to  increase  energy 
efficiency, raise living standards and support 
the economic development of growing popu­
lations. One third of the world’s population, or 
2.5 billion people, currently have no modern 
and reliable means to cook (1).

We are committed to producing energy from 
renewable sources and our goal for 2030 is 
to  achieve  gross  installed  capacity  of  100 
GW.  We  estimate  that  around  one  third  of 
this  will  be  developed  in  emerging  markets, 
as described in our SDG7 Energy Compact (2), 
which will serve around 40 million people. 

In  OECD  countries,  the  energy  crisis  and 
inflation  made  defending  buying  power  and 
combating  energy  insecurity  a  central  issue 
in  2022.  Faced  with  soaring  energy  prices 
in  France,  we  took  measures  to  help  our 
customers. In February 2022, we introduced 
a €5 discount on each full tank at our service 
stations  in  rural  areas,  followed  by  wider­
reaching,  including  a  discount  of  €0.12  per 
liter at motorway service stations during the 
summer, €0.20 per liter everywhere in France 
in September and October, and €0.10 per liter 
in November and December. 

89

We  also  upheld  our  commitment  to  pro­
grams  to  fight  energy  insecurity  in  housing 
and  mobility,  which  affects  more  than  20% 
of households in France, with measures such 
as a €100 “gas check” for customers facing 
energy  insecurity  in  February  2022.  These 
measures reflect our sense of responsibility 
towards society. 

LIGHTING

MORE THAN 5 MILLION SOLAR 
LAMPS AND KITS
—
Around the world, 760 million people, 
or around one in 10, do not have access to 
electricity for lighting, preserving food 
or keeping cool when temperatures rise. 
With more than 5 million solar lamps and 
kits sold, including 700,000 in 2022, we are 
providing lighting solutions in 40 countries, 
mostly in Africa and Asia. To offer a better 
response to the needs of local populations, 
we have expanded the product range, 
reviewed our product design for improved 
reparability, and set up battery collection 
and recycling points.

A Sunshine lamp in Douala (Cameroon).

ELECTRICITY GRID

CEE

THE BIGGEST PRIVATE-SECTOR 
SOLAR POWER PLANT IN ANGOLA
—
TotalEnergies is developing the 35 MW power 
plant in Quilemba with its partners Sonangol 
and Greentech. When the plant comes on 
stream in 2024, it will prevent the use of 
30 million liter of diesel a year and annual 
emissions of around 56,000 tons of CO2eq. 
It will be connected to the grid in the province 
of Huila, in the south of the country.

1. www.iea.org 2. www.un.org

FRANCE’S CEE ENERGY SAVING
CERTIFICATES SCHEME
—
TotalEnergies plays an essential role in 
driving renovation projects, putting an end 
to energy inefficient buildings and tackling 
energy poverty in construction, industry 
and transportation. In 2022, TotalEnergies 
supported around 300,000 energy efficiency 
projects at residential properties, half of 
which benefited people on very low incomes, 
and encouraged around 360,000 new 
drivers to sign up to car pooling programs.
As a result of its incentives and initiatives, 
TotalEnergies achieved energy savings 
of around 150 TWhp in 2022, equal to the 
domestic energy use of 1.5 million French 
people for 15 years. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsSupporting our 
Host Communities

The  nature  of  our  operations  involves  close 
interaction  with  local  communities  in  our 
host countries. Our vision of shared prosper­
ity is based on three principles: dialogue and 
engagement  with  all  our  host  communities, 
assessing  and  reducing  the  impact  of  our 
operations,  and  contributing  to  local  social 
and  economic  development  that  meets  the 
needs of the community. 

Contributing to local
socio-economic development

in  a  host  territory 
Long­term  operations 
means  developing  profitable,  sustainable 
projects  that  create  jobs  and  develop  skills  
locally.  TotalEnergies  is  committed  to  prior­
itizing  local  jobs  and  subcontracting  locally 
whenever possible, in accordance with opera­
tional constraints. In 2022, around two thirds of 
our workforce (65.5%) was employed outside 
France, including more than 10% in Africa, 19% 
in  North  and  Latin  America  and  6.5%  in  the 
Asia-Pacific region. 

Each large industrial project includes targets 
for  host  country  jobs  and  local  value  crea­

90

tion,  particularly  in  purchasing,  manufactur­
ing,  support  for  local  businesses  and  skills 
development.  For  example,  at  the  end  of 
2022, 93 % of people working on the Tilenga 
project  in  Uganda  were  Ugandan  citizens 
(around 6,500 employees of the Company and 
its subcontractors). 230,000 hours of training 
have  been  provided  within  the  framework  of 
the  project  since  mid­2021,  for  employees, 
subcontractors  and  the  local  communities 
affected.

In  addition  to  jobs  and  using  local  suppliers 
for  projects,  we  support  initiatives  in  areas 
such as education and getting young people 
into employment, protecting cultural heritage, 

Farmers supported by Mozambique LNG, (Mozambique).

access to water, health and road safety, which 
all contribute to reduce inequality. More than 
1,500 initiatives were supported in these are­
as in 2022.

Building ties 
with host communities

We  also  give  our  employees  the  opportuni­
ty  to  get  involved  in  causes  close  to  where 
they  work.  The  Action!  program  enables  all 
employees  to  donate  up  to  three  workdays 
a year to local causes.  Helping a  young  per­
son find a job or taking care of natural spaces 
are opportunities to play a part, individually or 
with others, in achieving the Company’s aim of 
driving positive change locally. In 2022, 8,000 
employees took part in more than 11,000 cit­
izenship  initiatives  worldwide  as  part  of  this 
program. 

MOZAMBIQUE 

AN INITIATIVE FOR THE  
DEVELOPMENT OF CABO DELGADO 
—
Pamoja Tunaweza is a community-driven 
initiative set up by the Mozambique LNG 
Project. It is a platform for local communities, 
local government representatives and the 
Mozambique LNG Project to collectively 
identify, implement and monitor progress on 
socio-economic development opportunities. 

Its priorities are the creation of sustainable 
revenues and the diversification of the local 
economy. In 2022, the project dedicated a 
budget of $20 million to the implementation  
of more than 40 programs, creating  
nearly 4,000 local jobs, and revitalizing  
food-producing agriculture with more than  
2,500 farmers benefiting from the project,  
and training communities in the fight against 
malaria. 
The name Pamoja Tunaweza was chosen  
by the communities and means  
“Together we will succeed” in Kiswahili.

SOCIAL INITIATIVES BY REGION

SOCIO-ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 
INITIATIVES BY TOPIC

In %

28

17

9

 Europe

  Americas

  Asia-Pacific

 Africa

46

In %

2

6

7

2

1

8

19

34

10

5

7

 Road safety
  Youth inclusion  
and education
  Cultural dialogue  
and heritage
  Climate, coastal areas  
and oceans
 Covid-19 related measures
  Support for local economic 
development
 Energy access
  Environment, other
  Health access
  Public infrastructure  
and equipment
  Good neighbor and 
solidarity initiatives

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsCITIZENSHIP ENGAGEMENT

TOTALENERGIES CORPORATE 
FOUNDATION
—
Created in 1992, the TotalEnergies 
Foundation now takes action in four priority 
areas: Inclusion and education, Road safety, 
Climate, coastal areas and oceans, and 
Cultural dialogue and heritage.
In 2022, it provided €65 million of support 
for its non-profit partners. The Company 
has renewed its commitment, pledging €200 
million for the period from 2023 to 2027. 
A communications campaign highlighting 
its commitment to helping young people 
was launched in September 2022.

Making a 
Commitment to 
Young People

S ince  there  is  no  sustainable  develop­

ment  that  would  leave  young  people 
by  the  wayside,  TotalEnergies  takes 
action to give them the means to take charge 
of their own futures, focusing on the most vul­
nerable.  This  starts  with  helping  them  find 
jobs, promoting equal opportunity or improv­
ing  road  safety  which,  in  addition  to  saving 
lives, also plays an important role in reducing 
poverty and inequality by supporting access 
to employment and education.

Helping young people to find work

TotalEnergies takes an active approach as an 
employer.  In  2022,  we  exceeded  our  target 
of recruiting 5% of work­study placements in 
France with 1,900 hires (6.3%) and the same 
target  has  been  set  for  2023.  After  joining 
the  Collective  for  a  more  inclusive  economy 
in 2022, we added a target of 300 employees 
becoming mentors of a young person in 2023.

91

The  Company  also  takes  action  via  its  cor­
porate  foundation,  and  funds  L’Industreet,  a 
campus it designed and launched in 2020 in 
Stains, Seine­Saint­Denis, providing free pro­
fessional  training  for  young  people  in  indus­
trial sectors struggling to recruit. In 2022, 204 
18­  to  30­year­olds  received  training  and  68 
obtained their qualifications. 

The TotalEnergies corporate foundation also 
contributed to the opening of a further 12 Pro­
duction Schools in 2022 as part of a €60 mil­
lion partnership over 10 years.

The Company takes action in all countries in 
which it operates via its affiliates. Every year 
since  2011,  university  professors  in  Nigeria 
have been invited to spend a semester at MIT 
under the Empowering The Teachers initiative. 
A total of 16 took this opportunity in 2022, and 
92 since 2011.

Making the roads safer and  
educating about road safety

TotalEnergies  plays  a  major  role  in  mobil­
ity.  In  2022,  we  experienced  the  death  of  a 
partner’s  employee  on  the  road  ourselves  
(see p. 63), and we are ramping up the inter­
national  rollout  of  the  best  and  latest  tech­
nologies by 2024. 
We  are  committed  to  road  safety  for  our 
operations and our customers, to make the 
roads  safer  for  all  users,  in  particular  the 
youngest users, for whom this is the leading 
cause of death. 
With this in mind, in 2022 we took part in the 
pilot  stage  of  a  Road  Safety  Index  project 
launched by the Fédération Internationale de 
l’Automobile, which aims to develop a meth­
odology  to  assess  and  improve  organiza­
tions’ road safety performance.

By  sharing  our  expertise  in  schools,  for 
example, we can help to reduce the number of 
victims and reach the target set by the United 
Nations in 2020 of halving the number of traffic 
accident­related  deaths  between  now  and 
2030, supporting SDG 3.6. This is the aim of 
the VIA Road Safety Education Program jointly  
founded  by  the  TotalEnergies  and  Michelin 
Foundations. 
In  2022,  300,000  school­
children  received  training  in  36  countries, 
including  around  170,000  in  Africa  and  over 
75,000  in  India.  The  program’s  rollout  is 
supported  by  employees  of  the  Company’s 
affiliates. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsWorking Alongside 
our Suppliers

CLIMATE AND 
SUSTAINABLE ENERGY

PEOPLE’S
WELL-BEING

CARE FOR THE
ENVIRONMENT

CREATING SHARED
VALUE

Priority 3 • Integration of our 
sustainability requirements  
into our purchasing process 

In 2022, TotalEnergies updated its Purchasing 
Directive and Fundamental Purchasing Princi­
ples (which incorporate the prevention of and 
fight  against  conflicts  of  interest  and  corrup­
tion)  to  include  and  strengthen  the  attention 
given  to  sustainability  and  climate.  Our  pur­
chasing risk mapping has also been updated. 
The aim now is to implement a specific roadm­
ap in each purchasing segment by the end of 
2024. 

Priority 4 • Our supplier audits

TotalEnergies  has  had  a  human  rights  audit 
system for several years. In 2022, human rights 
audits of 200 suppliers were carried out by spe­
cialized third companies, i.e. more than twice 
the number (80) in 2021. At the same time, the 
Company undertook to assess its 1,300 prior­
ity suppliers for their global sustainable devel­
opment performance by the end of 2025, using 
new, broader criteria, including environmental 
issues  such  as  biodiversity,  water  and  circu­
larity, and the climate. In 2022, nine test audits 
were  carried  out  by  third  parties  in  order  to 
deploy the new criteria by 2023. 

T otalEnergies works with over 100,000 

suppliers  of  goods  and  services 
worldwide  for  a  total  spend  of  $27 
billion  in  2022.  So  we  can  play  a  major  role 
in  encouraging  our  suppliers  to  improve 
their  sustainability.  We  are  implementing  a 
responsible  purchasing  program  which  puts 
the  four  dimensions  of  our  sustainability 
ambition  at  the  heart  of  the  purchasing 
process.  The  program  has  four  operational 
priorities,  each  with  its  own  target,  set  in 
January 2022.

Priority 1 • Sustainability awareness 
raising and training for our buyers

In  2022,  TotalEnergies  created  a  special 
training  course  that  has  now  been  taken  by 
over 460 employees, or around half our buyers. 
We  also  conduct  regular  awareness­raising 
sessions,  using  specific  webinars  on  the 
climate  (over  500  buyers)  and  human  rights 
(over 300 buyers).

92

SUSTAINABILITY AWARD

In 2022, TotalEnergies awarded a 
“Sustainability” prize to Greif, an international 
packaging supplier, in recognition of its 
excellent scores in the human rights audits 
TotalEnergies carries out among its suppliers.

Priority 2 • Raising awareness 
and mobilizing suppliers

A  sustainability  platform,  which  has  been 
operational since June 2022, allows our buy­
ers  to  track  suppliers’  performance  in  this 
area, and already includes over 560 suppliers 
of the 1,300 priority suppliers identified 1. This 
is backed by other actions, such as the publi­
cation in May 2022 of a new Practical Guide 
on  Respect  for  Human  Rights  in  the  Work­
place and the November 2022 Suppliers’ Day, 
attended by over 100 suppliers to talk about 
Sustainability with our Chairman and CEO and 
two members of the Executive Committee. 

CLIMATE

AUDITS

After an initial estimation in 2021 of greenhouse 
gas emissions connected with the purchase 
of goods and services, the Company updated 
this assessment in 2022. In January 2022,  
the Company pledged to ensure that the 
400 suppliers accounting for 70% of these 
emissions adopt reduction targets by 2025. 
To date, 62% of the 345 suppliers who responded 
have already done so. 

—
In 2022, TotalEnergies was recognized by 
the CDP as “Supplier Engagement Leader”,  
for our efforts to measure and reduce the 
climate risk in our supply chain. 
—

IMPROVING PERFORMANCE 
WITH HUMAN RIGHTS AUDITS 
OF OUR SUPPLIERS
—
Since 2016, the human rights audits of our 
suppliers have involved 160,000 people in 
77 countries and have had a positive impact  
on working conditions for over 14,000 of them. 
An Asian carrier whose employees were 
working over 80 hours a week, for example, 
because there was no local law on working 
hours, agreed to align its practice with 
international standards to meet TotalEnergies’ 
requirements. 

1. I,300 priority suppliers, including 500 main suppliers, representing 50% of the Company’s total spend, and 800 suppliers at risk in terms of human 
rights (600 suppliers) and the environment (200 suppliers) depending on their activity and country of operation. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Promoting Fiscal 
Transparency and 
Fighting Corruption

W e work with governments to pro­

mote  fiscal  transparency  and 
fight corruption, helping to create 
the right environment for economic develop­
ment.

Promoting fiscal transparency

countries  in  2019  and  2020,  in  order  to  give 
its  stakeholders  a  fuller  and  more  pertinent 
view  of  its  tax  situation.  Our  stakeholders 
welcomed  the  publication  of  this  report  and  
TotalEnergies  was  ranked  third  in  the  VBDO 
Tax Transparency Benchmark 2022’s EU com­
pany rankings 1.

Fighting corruption

TotalEnergies  is  exposed  to  corruption  risks 
owing  to  its  presence  in  certain  countries 
that have a high perceived level of corruption 
according  to  the  index  drawn  up  by  Trans­
parency  International.  We  apply  a  principle 
of  zero  tolerance  for  corruption  among  our 
employees and suppliers. We advocate a cul­
ture of “Speak up!” and regularly promote the 
value  of  “Respect  For  Each  Other”,  which  is 
part of our Code of Conduct. Our employees 
and third parties are encouraged to report any 
situations that they believe to be in breach of 
this code.

To take action in all areas of its value chain, 
TotalEnergies has made preventing and fight­
ing  the  risk  of  conflicts  of  interest  and  cor­
ruption  part  of  its  Responsible  Purchasing 
program (see p. 92). A new platform launched 
in  2022  includes  preventing  and  combating 

TotalEnergies  is  a  member  of  the  Extractive 
Industries  Transparency  Initiative  (EITI)  and 
made  its  tax  policy  public  in  2014.  This  pol­
icy is approved by the Board of Directors and 
published in the Company’s Universal Regis­
tration  Document.  We  also  publicly  endorse 
the Responsible Tax Principles developed by 
the B Team, a non-profit organization of busi­
ness leaders and civil society representatives, 
which aims to promote sustainable economic 
and social development.

The Company published a fiscal transparency  
report  in  March  2022,  providing  additional 
information on the taxes paid in its main host 

93

TAX TRANSPARENCY

2003
Formation of EITI,  
of which the Company 
is an active board 
member

2014
First publication of 
our Tax Policy

2017
First country-
by-country 
reporting filed

2019
Endorsement of the B Team 
Responsible Tax Principles

Publication of our Tax Policy  
in the extra-financial performance 
report of our URD

Member of the French cooperative 
compliance program

2021
Total becomes 
TotalEnergies

2012
Commitment not to 
create entities in low 
tax jurisdictions and to 
repatriate existing ones 
when feasible

2015
Publication of the list 
of all consolidated 
entities and of the 
extractive industries 
report of payments to 
governments

2018
TotalEnergies  
is the first company 
to publicly support 
transparency of 
petroleum contracts

2020
Voluntary 
adoption of the 
GRI and World 
Economic Forum 
transparency 
standards

2022
Release of the first  
Tax Transparency 
Report

Updated Tax  
Policy approved  
by the Board

the risk of conflicts of interest and corruption 
in purchasing. More than 560 of the 1,300 pri­
ority  suppliers  invited  joined  the  platform  in 
2022. 

1. Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development.

ANTI-CORRUPTION 

PROGRESS MADE IN 2022
—
•  360 Compliance Officers, receiving regular 
training and working in our affiliates around 
the world;

•  Addition to our Code of Conduct of practical 

examples of prohibited behaviors;

•  Anti-corruption training: a new online training 
course was launched in mid-2022, replacing 
the two existing training courses taken by 
more than 82,000 employees. To date, more 
than 31,000 employees have already taken the 
new training course, designed to adapt to the 
Company’s employees’ greater maturity in this 
area. 

•  Assessments: more than 15 assessments 
were carried out at affiliates identified as 
most at risk by the Chief Compliance Officer’s 
team by our partners specializing in financial 
data analysis.

•  Number of incidents and disciplinary actions: 

just over 200 incidents relating to fraud 
(excluding attempted fraud), corruption 
or influence peddling were identified 
and – where they concerned an employee – 
resulted in around 130 disciplinary actions, 
most of which entailed dismissal.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsSharing the 
Economic Value 
We Create 

TotalEnergies  creates  economic  and 

financial  value  in  the  130  countries  in 
which it operates, which benefits govern­
ments, its economic partners, including suppli­
ers, its employees and its shareholders. In 2022, 
this represented $75 billion.

Sharing value with governments

TotalEnergies  pays  its  share  of  tax,  making 
a  substantial  contribution  to  the  economic 
development of its host countries. 
In  2022,  the  amount  of  income  tax  and  pro­
duction taxes paid by the Company across all 
operations came to just over $33 billion (com­
pared  to  $15.9  billion  in  2021).  This  includes 
the various exceptional taxes introduced in the 
European Union and the United Kingdom rep­
resenting just over $2 billion in 2022. The aver­
age  tax  rate  was  40.9%  in  2022.  In  countries 
where hydrocarbon exploration and production 
activities are carried out, TotalEnergies’ operat­
ed  and  non­operated  activities  are  conducted 
under  contracts  with  a  government,  a  nation­
al  oil  company  or  private  owners.  Payments 
made  by  the  Company’s  extracting  entities  to 

94

governments or territories in which we operate 
amounted to $35.8 billion in 2022 (mainly taxes, 
duties and production rights).

At the other end of the value chain – product 
retail – the Company collects excise taxes for 
governments  from  energy  product  consum­
ers. Each day, TotalEnergies serves more than 
8  million  customers  at  its  service  stations 
around the world and 8.9 million B2B and B2C 
gas and electricity customers. In 2022, it col­
lected  $17.7  billion  in  excise  taxes  on  petro­
leum  products  and  $1.3  billion  on  gas  and 
electricity for governments. 

OUR VALUE CREATION IN 2022

9

16

$75bn
in 2022

17

  Salaries and social 
charges

  Taxes  
(+$17bn vs 2021, x2)

 Dividends and 
buybacks

33

  Net investments 
(+$3bn)

Sharing with our 100,000  
employees worldwide

An attractive shareholder 
returns policy

Wages and payroll taxes amounted to $9 bil­
lion  in  2022,  including  the  payment  by  the 
Company  of  an  exceptional  bonus  to  all 
employees corresponding to one month’s pay, 
capped for high salaries. At the Socle Social 
Commun level in France, representing a total 
of 14,000 employees, the agreement also pro­
vided a 7.5% pay rise to reflect inflation of 6% 
over  the  year.  In  addition  to  this,  there  was 
a  15%  increase  in  the  amount  allocated  to 
bonuses for workers and supervisors, as well 
as  managers’  variable  pay  (excluding  exec­
utives),  to  reach  an  average  remuneration 
increase of 10%. 

TotalEnergies  also  encourages  employee 
shareholding.  In  2022,  49,189  employees 
in  101  countries 
and  former  employees 
subscribed to a capital increase in the amount 
of  €337.8  million;  11,500  employees  also 
received  performance  shares.  Finally,  65% 
of  TotalEnergies  employees  are  company 
shareholders.  They  received  around  7%  of 
dividends in 2022, or €700 million.

TotalEnergies strives to create long­term val­
ue  in  order  to  ensure  that  its  shareholders’ 
investments pay returns and are maintained. 
Therefore,  it  has  not  reduced  its  dividend 
since 1982. The average annual gross return 
for the last 10 years is 10.44%. 

With a breakeven point below $25 per barrel, 
TotalEnergies  is  now  much  more  profitable 
than it was 10 years ago. On the basis of an 
equivalent  oil  price,  it  generates  $15  billion 
more  cash  flow.  At  the  end  of  2022,  the 
Company’s debt was reduced significantly to 
7%,  allowing  it  to  step  up  its  transformation 
strategy  and  offer  an  attractive  shareholder 
returns policy.

A  new  cash  flow  allocation  strategy  has 
therefore  been  announced  for  the  next  few 
years. The Board of Directors is confident in 
the Company’s ability to ensure profitable and 
lasting growth and wants to share its profits 
with  shareholders  in  the  current  climate  of 
high  prices.  It  therefore  decided  to  allocate 
35-40% of cash flow to shareholders over the 
cycles.  A  $7  billion  share  buyback  program 
was  carried  out  in  2022  and  an  exceptional 
interim dividend of €1 per share was paid in 
December  2022,  on  top  of  the  5%  increase 
interim  dividends  already 
in  quarterly 
announced  and  implemented.  Returns  to 
shareholders therefore represented 37.2% of 
cash flow in 2022. 

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOUR AMBITION:
SUPPORTING A JUST TRANSITION BY CREATING SHARED VALUE

Key Takeaways

MAKING COMMITMENTS  
TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

ACCESSIBLE AND AFFORDABLE  
ENERGY FOR ALL

SHARING THE ECONOMIC VALUE  
WE CREATE

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

•  Listening to voices from civil society and paying attention to 

controversies

•  Promoting dialogue with employees : 92% of employees 

worldwide have union representation or employee 
representatives

•  Encouraging debate: 12 regional think tanks created in France 

to discuss issues related to the energy transition

SUPPORTING OUR HOST COMMUNITIES

• Putting local workers and subcontracting locally first

•  1,500 local socio-economic development initiatives supported 

in 2022

•  8,000 employees involved in local public interest initiatives

MAKING A COMMITMENT TO YOUNG PEOPLE

•  1,933 work-study placements in France in 2022

•  300,000 school children given road safety training  

in 36 countries through the VIA program

KEY POINTS

MEETING THE NEEDS OF NON-OECD COUNTRIES  
WITH A MULTI-ENERGY OFFERING

PROMOTING TRANSPARENCY  
AND FIGHTING CORRUPTION

•  Leveraging our service station network, especially in Africa

•  Tax transparency report published in 2022

• Supplying natural gas to encourage the replacement of coal

•  31,000 employees given online anticorruption training in 2022

• Supporting growth in renewables

•  15 anticorruption assessment missions in our most exposed 

entities

INVESTING IN THE ENERGY TRANSITION  
WITHIN THE OECD

•  Developing LNG and renewables

•  Promoting low carbon transportation

MAKING ENERGY ACCESSIBLE  
AND AFFORDABLE FOR EVERYONE

•  25% of our 2022 investments dedicated to the electrification of 

energy end­usage

•  Discounts of up to €0.20 per liter at the pump in our French 

service stations in 2022

•  300,000 energy efficiency renovations in French homes

•  700,000 solar kits sold worldwide in 2022

SHARING THE ECONOMIC VALUE WE CREATE

•  With our employees: $9bn of salaries and social contributions 

in 2022; 65% of employees are shareholders

•  With our partners and suppliers: $16bn net investment and 

$27bn in supplier spending in 2022

•  With governments: $33bn in tax paid in 2022; average tax rate 

of 40.9%

•  With shareholders: $17bn of dividends and share buybacks  

in 2022

95

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsOur Indicators 

CCGT OF TOUL.

97 

98

99

Verification by an Independent 
Third Party

Energy Transition

Scope 1+2

100

Scope 3

101

Health & Safety

102

People

103

Environment

104

Creating Shared Value

105

Glossary

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsVERIFICATION BY AN INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY

The non-financial performance indicators presented below are taken from the Non-Financial Performance Declaration for which EY & Associés, in its quality as an independent third-party accredited by  
the COFRAC, has issued a reasoned opinion expressing a moderate assurance conclusion. This moderate assurance conclusion concerns, in accordance with the regulations in force, the following: 
• the compliance of the Declaration with the provisions of Article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code; • the fairness of the historical information (observed or extrapolated) provided pursuant to 3° of I  
and II of article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code, namely the results of policies, including key performance indicators, and actions, relating to the main risks. 

The work was carried out by EY & Associés in accordance with the international standard ISAE 3000 (revised). The report of the independent third party organization on the verification of  
the consolidated non-financial performance statement is available in section 5.12 of the Company’s Universal Registration Document, available at https://totalenergies.com

Climate

Health Safety

•  Number of sites with an auditable energy 

management system

• Direct GHG emissions at operated sites (scope 1)
•  Direct GHG emissions based on equity share  

(scope 1)

•  Loss of primary containment Tier 1 and Tier 2
•  Millions of hours worked
•  Number of occupational fatalities
•  Number of occupational fatalities per hundred 

millions hours worked

among total employees, among managers, among 
senior executives

•  Percentage of employees of non-French nationality 
among permanent contract recruitment, among 
management recruitment, among total employees, 
among managers, among senior executives

•  Percentage of companies offering the option of 

•  Indirect GHG emissions from energy use  

•  TRIR (number of recorded injuries per million hours 

regular remote working

at operated sites (scope 2)

worked)

•  Percentage of employees choosing remote working 

•  Indirect GHG emissions from energy use  

•  LTIR (number of lost time injuries per million hours 

when given the option

Environment

•  Number of operated sites important for the 

environment ISO 14001 certified

•  Number of sites operated by the Company ISO14001 

certified

•  Number of sites whose risk analysis identified 

at least one risk of major accidental pollution to 
surface water

•  Proportion of those sites with an operational oil spill 

as equity share (scope 2)

worked)

•  Percentage of companies offering voluntary part-

contingency plan

•  GHG emissions (scopes 1 & 2) from operated  

•  SR (number of days lost due to accidents at work per 

time work

oil & gas facilities

million hours worked)

•  Other indirect GHG emissions related to the use by 

customers of energy products (scope 3 category 11)

•  Number of severe road accidents
•  Number of occupational illnesses recorded in the 

•  Other indirect GHG emissions related to the use  

year (in accordance with local regulations)

•  Absences for medical reasons
•  Percentage of companies with labor union 

representation and/or employee representation
•  Percentage of employees covered by a collective 

by customers of petroleum products

•  Flared gas (Upstream oil & gas activities,  

operated scope)

•  Routine flaring
•  Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products  

used by the customers

•  Intensity of GHG emissions (Scopes 1 & 2)  
of operated Upstream oil & gas activities

•  Methane emissions from Company operated 

activities

•  Methane emissions based on equity share
•  Intensity of methane emissions from operated oil  

& gas facilities (Upstream)

•  Net primary energy consumption (operated scope)
•  Global energy efficiency indicator (GEEI)

97

•  Percentage of employees with specific occupational 

bargaining agreement

risks benefiting from regular medical monitoring

•  Number of active agreements signed with employee 

representatives worldwide and in France

•  Percentage of employees that received a direct 

salary that exceeds the living wage in the country or 
region in which they work

Human Rights

•  Percentage of E&P, R&C and M&S segments’ 

operating subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO rollout 
scope with an operational activity which have a 
grievance mechanism in place

Social

•  Total number of employees
•  Total number of employees hired on permanent 

contracts

•  Total number of departures per category
•  Percentage of the Group’s entities including HSE 

criteria in the variable compensation

•  Average number of training days/year per employee 

(onsite training)

•  Average number of training days/year per employee 

(remote training)

•  Average number of training days/year per employee, 
per segment, per geographical areas and per type 
of training 

•  Average training cost per employee
•  Percentage of women among permanent contract 

recruitment, among management recruitment, 

•  Proportion of those sites that have performed an oil 

spill response exercise or whose exercise was 
prevented following a decision by the authorities
•  Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills of a volume of 

more than one barrel that affected the environment, 
excluding sabotage (number and total volume of 
spills, total volume recovered)

•  SO2 emissions
•  NOX emissions
•  NMVOC emissions
•  Hydrocarbon content of offshore water discharges
•  Hydrocarbon content of onshore water discharges
•  Percentage of sites that meet the target for the 

quality of offshore discharges

•  Percentage of sites that meet the target for the 

quality of onshore discharges

•  Fresh water withdrawals excluding cooling water
•  Fresh water consumption
•  Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area
•  Quantity of non­hazardous and hazardous waste 
•  Quantity of non­hazardous and hazardous waste 

valorized 

•  Percentage of waste processed per treatment 

process (valorization, landfill, other)

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsEnergy transition

Energy mix (sales)

Petroleum products 2

Gas 3

Low-carbon energies 4

Petroleum products

Petroleum products - sales 

Gas

LNG-Sales

Electricity

Gross renewable electricity capacity 5

Net production 6

Clients BtB and BtC

EV charging points

New molecules

Biofuels - production

Biogas - production

Net investments

Oil

LNG & Gas

Low-carbon energies

Integrated Power

New molecules

Energy consumption

Net primary energy consumption 7

Renewable energy consumption 7

Unit

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022

2025

2030

%

%

%

Mb/day

Mt

GW

TWh

Millions

Thousands

Mt

TWh

B$

B$

B$

B$

B$

B$

TWh

TWh

30

50

20

1.4

100

130

10

SAF: 1.5

20

35

>50

2

33 %

33%

65

33

2

2,4

13

0

2

<2

0

-

-

20

13

7

0

0

0

153

-

90.8

-

-

53

40

7

2,3

34

3

11

6

0

<1

-

17

9

7

1

1

<1

160

-

88.0

-

-

47 1

45 1

71 

1,8

38

7

14

8

22

<1

-

13

6

5

2

2

<1

147

-

90.2

26

42

44 1

48 1

8 1

1,8

42

10

21

9

26

<1

<1

13

7

3

4

3

<1

148

-

87.0

27

46

41

50

9

1,7

48

17

33

9

42

<1

1

16

10

2

4

4

<1

166

1

85.1

27

46

Global Energy Efficiency Indicator (GEEI)

Base 100 in 2010

Energy management system

Operated sites with an auditable energy management
system (annual consumption > 50 ktoe) 8

Operated sites with annual consumption > 50 ktoe 9

Nb

Nb

1. Valuation of these indicators excluding Covid-19 effect. 2. Sales of petroleum products (from Marketing & Services and bulk refining sales). 3. Marketable gas production of Exploration Production and LNG sales. 4.Sales of electricity, distribution of biofuels, sales of biomass, biogaz and H2 5. Gross installed 
renewable electricity generation capacity. 6. Equity interest domain. 7. Operated domain. 8. The ISO 50001 standard accompanies the implementation in companies of an energy management system that allows better use of energy. 9. Combined-cycle natural gas power plants are power generation facilities 
whose gas consumption is optimized for maximum efficiency. These installations benefit from efficient energy management and do not require the implementation of a specific energy management system.

98

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators     
Unit

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022

2025

2030

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022

OPERATED DOMAIN

EQUITY INTEREST DOMAIN

Climate

GHG Emissions - Scope 1+2

Scope 1- Direct emissions
Breakdown by segment
Upstream oil & gas activities

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power, excluding upstream 
gas operations

Refining & Chemicals

Marketing & Services

Breakdown by geography
Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland

Eurasia (inclu. Russia) / Oceania

Africa

Americas

Breakdown by type of gas
CO2
CH4
N2O

Scope 2 - Indirect emissions from energy use

of which Europe: EU 27+ Norway + UK + Switzerland

Scope 1+2

of which oil & gas facilities

of which CCGT

 GHG Emissions – Methane

Methane emissions 3

Breakdown by segment

Upstream oil & gas activities
Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power, 
excluding upstream gas operations
Refining & Chemicals

Marketing & Services

Breakdown by geography

Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland

Eurasia (inclu. Russia)/Oceania

Africa

Americas

Flaring

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e
vs 2015

Mt CO2e
Mt CO2e

kt CH4
vs 2020

kt CH4
kt CH4

kt CH4
kt CH4

kt CH4
kt CH4
kt CH4
kt CH4

42

19

-

22

<1

22

5

12

4

39

2

<1

4

2

46

46

-

94

92
0

1

0

9

33

49

3

Flared gas 4 (Upstream oil & gas activities operated scope)
of which routine flaring

Mm3/d
Mm3/d

7.2
2.3 5

99

41

18

3

20

<1

24

1

11

4

39

2

<1

4

2

44

-3%

42

2

68

66
<1

1

0

15

3

39

10

5.7
0.9

38 1 (36)

34 1 (33)

16

3

17

<1

14

5

15 1 (14)

<1

22 1 (21)

20 1 (19)

1

10

4

34

2

<1

1

9

5

32

1

<1

3 1 (3)

2(1) (2)

2 1 (2)

1(1) (1)

41 1 (38)

37 1 (35.7)

37

14

9

15

<1

23

<1

9

5

36

1

<1

2

1

40

-9% 1

-20% 1

-13%

39 1 (36)

33 1 (32)

3 1 (3)

4

33

7

38

-17%

25-30 2

> - 40% 2

49
- 23%

42
- 34%

- 50%

- 80%

64

62
<1

1

0

12

3

31

18

4.2
0.6

48
<1

1

0

7

1

23

18

3.6
0.7

41
1

1

0

7

1

23

12

3.3
0.5

50

22

-

27

1

22

13

9

5

-

-

-

-

-

­

-

-

-

-
-

-

-

-

-

-

-

55

26

4

25

<1

23

18

8

6

-

-

-

-

-

­

-

-

-

-
-

-

-

-

-

-

-

52

24

5

22

<1

20

17

7

7

-

-

-

-

-

­

-

-

-

-
-

-

-

-

-

-

-

49

23

6

19

<1

18

17

7

7

47

1

<1

5

2

54

49

5

51

48
2

1

0

5

16

18

12

51

22

9

20

<1

21

15

7

8

50

1

<1

5

2

56

48

8

47

43
3

1

0

5

15

17

10

<0.1

0

1. Excluding Covid-19 effect for 2020 and 2021 emissions data. 2. Including car-
bon sinks. 3. Excluding biogenic methane. 4. This indicator includes safety flaring, 
routine flaring and non-routine flaring. 5. Volumes based on historical data.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
Climate

Unit

2015

2019

2020

2021

2022

2025

2030

Unit

2022

Indirect GHG emissions and estimates of enabled emissions reductions

Estimates of indirect GHG emissions - Scope 3

Scope 3 2

Breakdown by geography

Mt CO2e

410

410

400 1 (350) 400 1 (370) 389 1 (381)

< 400

< 400

Categories of Scope 3

Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland

Mt CO2e

256

232

215 1 (190) 220 1 (202) 191 1 (187)

Eurasia (inclu. Russia)/Oceania

Africa

Americas

Breakdown by value chain

Petroleum products

Biofuels

Gas

Estimates of enabled emissions reductions
 by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales 3

Intensity indicators

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e
vs 2015

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

-

-

-

350

­

60

-

-

-

-

335

-4%

­

75

-

-

-

-

79 1 (77)

81 1 (80)

68 1 (59)

77 1 (74)

33 1 (31)

40 1 (39)

320 1 (270)

285 1 (255)

254 1 (246)

-9% 1

-19%(1)

-27% 1

-30%

-40%

­

­

80 1) (80)

115(1) (115)

-

-

4

130

~70

Cat 1 ­ Purchased goods and services 5

Cat 2 ­ Capital goods 6

Cat 3 ­  Fuel­and­energy­related activities  
(not included in Scope 1+2) 7

Cat 4 ­ Upstream transportation 8

Cat 5 ­ Waste generated in operations 9

Cat 6 ­ Business travel 10

Cat 7 ­ Employee commuting 11

Cat 8 ­ Upstream leased assets 12

Cat 9 ­ Downstream transportation 13

Cat 10 ­ Processing of sold products 14

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

30

<1

3

9

<1

<1

<1

0

1

6

Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy 
products used by the customers 
(73 g CO2e/MJ in 2015)

Base 100
in 2015

Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) 
of operated Upstream oil & gas activities 4

kg CO2e/
boe

Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) of 
Upstream oil & gas activities 4 on equity basis

kg CO2e/
boe

Intensity of methane emissions from 
operated oil & gas facilities (Upstream)

Intensity of methane emissions from 
operated gas facilities

%

%

100

94

92 1 (90)

90 1 (89)

88

85

75

Cat 11 ­ Use of sold products 15

Mt CO2e

389 1 (381)

21

-

19

-

18

-

17

19

17

19

0.23

0.16

0.15

0.13

0.11

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

Cat 12 ­ End of life treatment of sold products 16

Cat 13 ­ Downstream leased assets 17

Cat 14 ­ Franchises 18

Cat 15 ­ Investments 19

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

Mt CO2e

11

n/a

<1

n/a

In line with our commitment to transparency, this year we are publishing an estimate of indirect emis-
sions in other Scope 3 categories according to the GHG Protocol and ipieca classification. The scope of 
reporting is specified for each category. The values of these estimates may change from year to year as 
estimation methodologies progress.

1. Excluding Covid-19 effect for emissions data from first half 2020 through first half 2022. 2. Scope 3 category 11. Oil products including bulk refining sales; biofuels; natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies. 3. Potential emissions reductions that may have been contributed 
by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales. 4. This indicator doesn’t include integrated LNG assets in its perimeter. 5. Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchases of goods and services, excluding those reported in category 2 or 4. Calculated with the sum of purchases (excluding energy products resold) 
multiplied by specific monetary ratios, as well as 20 MtCO2e relating to purchases of oil and petroleum products (net of our production) and medium and long-term LNG supply contracts. 6. Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchases of capital goods such as drilling, subsea equipment, valves, 
static equipment’s purchase categories. Calculated with the sum of the purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios. 7. Cradle-to-gate emissions related to B2B/B2C electricity sales (excluding trading) net of TotalEnergies’ electricity production in Europe. 8. Upstream emissions related 
to the transport of energy products, including measured shipping emissions and estimated emissions related to land transport purchase categories, calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios. 9. Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchase categories linked to 
waste treatment and remediation. Calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios. 10. Emissions related to employee business travel as reported by contractors. 11. Emissions related to the commuting of the Company’s employees. The estimate uses the average 
emission factor reported by INSEE per employee. 12. Direct emissions related to long-term contracted assets, which mainly correspond to sea charters for the transport of energy products, already included in category 4. 13. Emissions related to the downstream transport of B2B marketing 
sales in M&S and petroleum products bulk sales of Refining. 14. Emissions related to the transformation of the main non-energy intermediate products sold (sulphur, polymers, bitumen), based on most representative or conservative physical emission factors. 15. Oil products including bulk 
refining sales; biofuels, natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies. 16. Emissions related to the end of life of the main non-energy products sold (lubricants, polymers, bitumen). 17. Not applicable, the Company did not identify emissions linked to third party leasing. 18. Emissions 
associated with service stations operated by third parties, calculated with TotalEnergies’ Scope 1+2 emission intensity. 19. Not applicable, emissions associated with non-operated activities are included in Scope 1+2 equity reporting.

100

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsHealth & Safety

Occupational Safety

Millions of hours worked - All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Number of occupational fatalities - All personnel 1

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Number of occupationnal fatalities per 
hundred millions hours worked - All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Number of occupational injuries - All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Number of lost days due to accidents at work 
- All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Number of severe road accidents

Light vehicles and public transportation

Heavy goods vehicles (truck)

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Mh

Mh

Mh

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb/
100Mh

Nb/
100Mh

Nb/
100Mh

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

456

237

219

4

0

4

467

243

224

4

0

4

389

211

178

1

0

1

389

215

174

1

1

0

392

217

175

3

0

3

0.88

0.86

0.26

0.26

0.77

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.46

0.00

1.83

1.79

0.56

0.00

1.71

416

195

221

376

181

195

289

134

155

285

127

158

263

130

133

7,563

8,108

6,764

5,980

5,724

3,298

4,265

4,949

3,159

3,429

3,335

2,703

3,277

3,116

2,608

30

7

23

33

9

24

27

0

27

21

1

20

15

3

12

Occupational Safety

TRIR: number of recorded injuries per 
million hours worked - All personnel

Nb/Mh

0.91

0.81

0.74

0.73

0.67 2

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Nb/Mh

Nb Mh

0.82

1.01

0.74

0.87

0.63

0.87

0.59

0.91

0.60

0.76

LTIR: number of lost time injuries per 
million hours worked - All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

SR: number of days lost due to accidents at 
work per million hours worked - All personnel

Company Personnel

Contractors’ employees

Nb/Mh

0.59

0.48

0.48

0.48

0.45

Nb/Mh

Nb/Mh

Nb/Mh

Nb/Mh

Nb/Mh

0.62

0.56

17

14

19

0.52

0.43

17

20

14

0.50

0.46

17

16

19

0.47

0.48

15

13

19

0.51

0.39

15

14

15

Safety prevention of major industrial accidents

Losses of primary containment 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2) 4

Losses of primary containment (Tier 1)

Losses of primary containment (Tier 2)

Nb

Nb

Nb

103

30

73

73

26

47

84

30

54

77

29

48

48 3

11

37

Health indicators (WHRS scope - Worldwide Human Resources Survey)

Percentage of employees with specific 
occupational risks benefiting from regular 
medical monitoring

Number of occupational illnesses recorded in 
the year (in accordance with local regulations)

%

98

98

97

97

99

Nb

154

128

136

158

129

1. Target zero fatalities. 2. Target TRIR less than or equal to 0.70 in 2022 and 0.65 in 2023. 3. Target losses of primary containment Tier 1 and 
2 less than or equal to 70 in 2022 and 50 in 2023. 4. Excluding acts of sabotage and theft.

101

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsUnit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2025

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

People

Employees

Company’s workforce
Breakdown by region

Europe

of which France

Africa

North America

Latin America

Asia-Pacific

Middle East

Gender

% of women

Among all employees

Among senior management 1

Among senior executives

Nb

104,460

107,776

105,476

101,309

101,279

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

63.2

34.9

9.4

6.7

11.8

8.0

0.9

35.1

19.2

21.6

61.5

34.1

9.4

6.9

12.4

9.0

0.8

35.8

20.5

23.0

62.8

34.0

9.6

6.8

11.3

6.7

2.8

34.8

21.1

25.7

63.2

34.7

9.8

7.5

11.6

7.2

0.7

35.8

22.6

26.5

63.3

34.5

10.4

6.0

13.1

6.5

0.7

36.3

23.8

27.5

30

30

1. Restated 2018 to 2021 data. The percentage of women was 19.9% in 2021, 18.2% in 2020, 17.4% in 2019 et 16.3% in 2018 based on the 
previous calculation method, which did not include JL14 and senior executives.

Internationalization

% of employees of non-French 
nationality

Among senior management 2

Among senior executives

Living wage 3

Employees receiving a direct salary 
that exceeds the living wage in the 
country or region in which they work

%

%

32.0

32.1

32.5

34.1

32.1

36.3

34.0

36.6

34.2

37.4

40

45

%

-

-

-

98

100

100

1. Restated 2018 to 2021 data. The percentage of women was 19.9% in 2021, 18.2% in 2020, 17.4% in 2019 et 16.3% in 2018 based on the 
previous calculation method, which did not include JL14 and senior executives. 2. Restated 2018 to 2021 data. The percentage of employees 
of non-French nationality was 33.8% in 2021, 31.8% in 2020, 32.4% in 2019 and 32.0% in 2018 based on the previous calculation method, which 
did not include senior executives. 3. A living wage is defined as income that, in exchange for standard work hours, allows employees to ensure 
a decent life for their families, cover their essential costs and cope with unforeseen events. This criterion applies to the so called “périmètre de 
gestion” i.e., all subsidiaries controlled at more than 50%.

102

Training

Employees having attended at least 
one training course during the year

%

75.0 1

88.2

84.6

93.0

97.3

Average number of onsite training days/year 
per employee 2

Average number of remote training days/year 
per employee 2

days

days

2.8

0.5

Average number of on-the-job training days/year 
per employee 2

days

-

2.7

0.4

-

1.6

0.8

-

Average number of training days/year 
per employees 2

days

3.3 3

3.1 3

2.4 3

1.8

1.2

1.2

4.2

2.3

1.0

1.4

4.7

Social dialogue

Companies that have implemented flextime

Companies offering the option of occasional 
remote working

Employees covered by a collective bargaining 
agreement

Employees with labor union representation 
and/or employee representation

Number of active agreements signed
with employee representatives worldwide

Human rights

Subsidiaries 4 with an integrated grievance mech-
anism

Priority supplier audits 5

Ethics and Human Rights audits

%

%

%

%

-

69.3

77.2

80.6

81.8

38.3

51.2

87.4

84.3

83.3

71.5

71.2

71.9

72.6

73.6

88.5

88.2

91.7

90.8

91.8

Nb

316

312

281

347

330

%

Nb

Nb

40

28

7

47

100

7

99

79

2

100

83

2

100

200

5

1. Information is only available for onsite training. 2. This number is calculated using the number of hours of training where 7.6 hours equal one 
day. 3. On-the-job training information only available from 2021. 4. EP, RC and M&S segments’ operating subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO roll-
out scope with an operational activity. 5. On the respect of the Fundamental Principles of Purchasing including human rights.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsUnit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2030

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2030

Nb

103m³

103m³

kt

kt

kt

%

74

0.3

-

573

379

194

57

57

1.2

-

662

375

288

65

50

1.0

-

501

303

198

59

65

2.0

1.7

500

335

165

61

49

0.1

0.1

498

322

176

61

70

100

100

1. Excluding drilling cuttings, excluding digestate from Biogas units, excluding sites that have ceased operations and are in the process of being 
remediated. 2. Valorization includes recycling, material recovery and energy recovery.

80

73

Circular economy

Quantity of circular feedstock 

Sales from circular products

Mt 
vs 2021

B$
vs 2021

-

-

-

-

-

-

3.4

4.2

3.4
-

5.4
+30%

x 2

x 2

Environment

Environmental footprint

Atmospheric chronic emissions 
(excluding GHG)

SO2 emissions

NOX emissions
NMVOC 1 emissions

Total particulate matters

Discharged water quality
Offshore continuous water discharges 
hydrocarbon content

% of sites that meet the target for off-
shore discharges quality (30 mg/l)

Onshore continuous water discharges 
hydrocarbon content

Sites that meet the 2010-2020 target 
for onshore discharges quality: 15 mg/l

Sites that meet the 2030 target for 
onshore discharges quality: 1 mg/l

Water-related indicators
Fresh water withdrawals excluding 
open loop cooling water

Fresh water withdrawal in water 
stress area 3

Fresh water consumption

Forest-related indicators
Deforested area

Compensated area

Net deforestation 4

Environmental management system

ISO 14001 certified sites

Sites important for the environment 
ISO 14001 certified

Risks of accidental pollution

Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills

kt

kt

kt

kt

48

66

81

-

39

72

83

-

34

64

69

-

16

59

58

3.8

13

60

48

3.9

- 75%
vs 2015

Number of spills

Total volume of spills

Total volume recovered

Waste management

mg/l

14.1

13.0

12.8

13.7

12.9

Company’s waste balance and waste 
treatment processes

Total volume of processed waste 1

92

2.6

93

1.8

100

<1

Non-hazardous waste 

Hazardous waste 

Reuse 2

%

96 2)

100 2

100 2

mg/l

1.8

1.7

%

%

100

100

-

-

1.9

100

-

Mm3

116

115

105

101

107

Mm3

Mm3

ha

ha

ha

Nb

%

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

264

100

281

100

52

75

-

-

-

266

97

54

75

-

-

-

279

100

55

80

0

0

0

284

100

-20% 
vs 2021

Biodiversity 1

0

Respecting our commitment to vol-
untary exclusion zones
No oil or gas exploration/extraction 
activity in UNESCO areas

No oil field exploration activity  
in the artic pack ice zone
New projects

Biodiversity plans deployed or in 
preparation for our sites located  
in area of interest for biodiversity 2

100

Existing sites

Biodiversity diagnostics carried 
out on sites important for 
the environment

1. Non-methane volatile organic compounds. 2. Alwyn site (United Kingdom) excluded from 2018 to 2020 and Gryphon (United Kingdom) in 2019 
and 2020, as its produced water discharges only occur during the maintenance periods of the water reinjection system and are subject to a specific 
regulatory declaration.  3. Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area (according to BWS from WRI 2030). 4. Zero net deforestation target from 
2022 for each of new projects, on new sites.

103

Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected

Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected

Nb

Nb

-

-

-

-

6

-

8

5

7

43

1. See section 5.5.4 of this chapter for detailed reporting on action plans implemented on our four Biodiversity axes. 2. IUCN zone (International 
Union for Conservation of Nature) I to IV and Ramsar areas for IFC standard projects.

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsCreating Shared Value

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Value sharing

Net investments

Dividends and buybacks

Salaries and social charges

Taxes 1

Fighting corruption

B$

B$

B$

B$

20

9

9

14

17

9

9

13

13

8

9

6

13

10

9

16

16

17

9

33

Online anti-corruption training course attended

Nb

9,810

5,791

9,701

13,215

38,624

Initiatives of general interest

Number of actions for Action! program3

Europe

Africa

Asia

Latin America

North America

Oceania

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Nb

Integrity 2 incidents recorded

Nb

354

388

326

350

207

1. Current tax expenses and taxes on production. 2. Incidents covering fraud (excluding attempts since 2022), corruption or influence peddling. 

TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation 

Expenditures of TotalEnergies Corporate 
Foundation

M€

21

1,051

4,140

4,119

8,146

11,028

1,051

3,524

2,952

6,115

7,410

0

0

0

0

0

249

293

49

25

0

27

709

191

159

2

106

1,208

1,664

415

253

131

24

923

609

231

191

46

73

65

3. Worldwide community volunteering program for employees who can devote up to three workdays a year to local community projects.

104

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur IndicatorsGlossary

GRP 

IEA 

Gas, Renewables & Power

International Energy Agency

Definitions

IPBES 

 Intergovernmental Science­Policy Platform on  

Biogas

Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services

 A renewable gas produced from the fermentation of organic 

IPCC 

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

waste. Biogas can be purified to obtain biomethane, which has 

IPIECA 

 International Petroleum Industry Environmental 

the same properties as natural gas and can therefore be injected 

Conservation Association

into the gas distribution network or used as an alternative fuel for 

ISSB 

IUCN 

LNG 

NBS 

NFE 

NFS 

International Sustainability Standard Board

mobility (bio-NGV or bio-LNG).

International Union for conversation of Nature

Liquefied Natural Gas

Nature Based Solution

North Field East (Qatar)

North Field South (Qatar)

Biomethane

 An upgraded biogas with the same characteristics as natural 

gas. Biomethane can be injected into the gas distribution 

network.

NGV fuel  Natural Gas Vehicle Fuel

OGCI 

Oil & Gas Climate Initiative

Contractor/service provider personnel

 Any employee of a contractor or service provider working at a 

ROACE 

Return on Average Capital Employed

site that is part of the safety reporting Scope or assigned by a 

SAF 

SEC 

TNFD 

UNEP-

Sustainable Aviation Fuel

transport company under a long-term contract. 

Securities and Exchange Commission (US)

Taskforce on Nature­related Financial Disclosures

Estimates of enabled emissions reductions  

by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales

WCMC 

 United Nation Environment Program –  

World Conservation Monitoring Centre

WBCSD  World Business Council for Sustainable Development

WEF 

WEO 

WRI 

$ 

World Energy Forum

World Energy Outlook

World Resource Institute

Abbreviation for the United States dollar

 The Company has identified, for each recipient country,  

the likely source of competing flexible power generation.  

Where the end­use of customers is established and  

the alternative source identified, the difference between  

the emissions of the alternative fuel (fuel oil or coal) and  

the gas has been calculated, using each country’s power 

generation emission factors for each of these sources,  

as published by the IEA (with the exception of France, where  

the emission factors published by RTE France have been used). 

For countries where the end use of LNG sales is not identified, 

this method is applied to sales weighted by the percentage of 

electricity generation in local gas consumption.

Units of measurement

b 

B 

barrel

billion

boe/d 

barrel of oil equivalent per day

CO2e 

CO2 equivalent 

e 

G 

J 

k 

M 

equivalent

giga

joule

thousand

million

MMBtu  million British Thermal Unit
Mm3 
Mtpa  million tons per year (of LNG)

million cubic meters

PJ 

t 

petajoule (10^15 joules)

metric ton

TWh 

terawatt­hour

W 

watt

Acronyms

AI 

Artificial Intelligence

BESS 

Battery Energy Storage Systems

CCGT   Combined Cycle Gas Turbine

CCS 

Carbon Capture & Storage

CCUS 

Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage

CNG 

Compressed Natural Gas

EACOP  East African Crude Oil Pipeline

Environmental Protection Agency

Energy Storage Systems

Greenhouse Gas

Global Reporting Initiative

EPA 

ESS 

GHG 

GRI 

105

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
Glossary

Equity interest domain

Life cycle carbon intensity indicator of the products sold

Low-carbon or clean hydrogen

 Sites and industrial assets in which the consolidated affiliates 

 Measures the average GHG emissions of a unit of energy sold 

 Regroups blue hydrogen (hydrogen produced notably from 

have a financial interest or rights to production. This scope 

to our customer across its life cycle (i.e., Scopes 1+2+3), from 

includes the entire statutory scope of the consolidated non­

production to final use. The indicator is calculated by dividing:

financial performance statement and the emissions of 

 The following numerator:

subsidiaries consolidated by equity method or not consolidated 

 • Emissions related to the production and processing of the 

natural gas via the steam reforming process associated  
with a capture and storage (CCS) process of the CO2 emissions 
presenting a carbon footprint lower than 36.4 g CO2/MJ)  
and green hydrogen (hydrogen produced from renewable 

because they are not material from a financial standpoint.  

energy products used by TotalEnergies customers, calculated on 

electricity via the water electrolysis process).

Those emissions are calculated on a pro rata basis according to 

the basis of the Company’s average emissions rates;

the Company’s share in the entity or the production (in the case 

 • Emissions related to the use of energy products by 

Scope 1 GHG emissions

of Upstream oil and gas operations). 

TotalEnergies customers, calculated by applying stoichiometric 

 Direct emissions related to the Company’s activities. Direct 

Greenhouse gases (GHG)

 The six greenhouse gases named in the Kyoto Protocol: 

carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), 

hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and 

sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), with their respective Global Warming 

Potential (GWP), as described in the 2007 IPCC report. HFCs, 

PFCs and SF6 are virtually absent from the Company’s emissions 

or are considered non­material, and are therefore no longer 

counted as of 2018.

Hydrocarbon spills

emissions factors per product to obtain a quantity of emissions. 

emissions of biogenic CO2 are excluded from Scope 1 and 

Products not intended for combustion, such as bitumen, 

reported separately.

lubricants and plastics, are not taken into account;

 • Less the CO2 sequestered by Carbon Capture and Storage 

(CCS) and natural carbon sinks.

 By the following denominator:

 • The quantity of energy sold. Electricity is placed on an equal 

footing with fossil fuels, taking into account average capacity 

factors and average efficiency ratios. 

Scope 2 GHG emissions

 Indirect emissions attributable to brought­in energy (electricity, 

heat, steam), net of any energy sales, excluding purchased 

industrial gases (H2). Unless otherwise indicated, TotalEnergies 

reports Scope 2 GHG emissions using the market-based method 

defined in the GHG Protocol.

 The carbon intensity indicator therefore corresponds to the 

Scope 3 GHG emissions

average emissions associated with each unit of energy used 

 All other indirect emissions. The Company follows the oil & 

 Accidental spills of liquid hydrocarbons that have an 

by customers. To track changes in the indicator, it is expressed 

gas industry reporting guidelines published by IPIECA, which 

environmental impact and exceed one barrel in volume, 

using a base of 100 from 2015.

excluding acts of sabotage.

Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR)

 Frequency rate of lost­time injuries.

comply with the GHG Protocol methodologies. Unless otherwise 

indicated, in this report the term Scope 3 refers solely to 

Category 11 emissions. 

106

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Glossary

Category 11:

Tier 1 and Tier 2 

Worldwide Human Resources Survey (WHRS)

 This indicator reports Scope 3 GHG emissions related to the 

 Indicator of the number of loss of primary containment events 

 An annual study that includes 275 workforce indicators. The 

use by customers of energy products, i.e. combustion of the 

with more or less significant consequences (fires, explosions, 

survey covers a representative sample within the consolidated 

products to obtain energy. 

injuries, etc.), as defined by API 754 (for downstream) and IOGP 

scope. The data published in this document is extracted from the 

 TotalEnergies accounts for the largest volume in the oil, biofuels 

456 (for upstream) standards. Excluding acts of sabotage and 

most recent survey, carried out in December 2022 and January 

and gas value chain, i.e. the higher of the two production volumes 

theft.

or sales to end customers. For TotalEnergies, in 2022, the 

calculation of Scope 3 GHG emissions for the oil and biofuels 

value chains considered product sales (higher than production) 

Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)

 Frequency rate of recordable injuries.

and for the gas value chain, marketable gas production (higher 

Upstream oil and gas operations

2023; 132 companies in 52 countries, representing 90.2% of 

the consolidated Company workforce (91,378 employees), 

responded to all the topics. For the health indicators, responses 

were collected across a broader scope of 146 companies in 

52 countries, representing 91.3% of the consolidated Company 

than gas sales either as LNG or as part of direct sales to B2B/

 Upstream oil and gas exploration and production operations of 

workforce.

B2C customers). A stoichiometric emissions (oxidation of 

the Exploration & Production and Integrated Gas, Renewables 

molecules to carbon dioxide) factor is applied to these sales or 

& Power segments. Does not include power generation from 

production to obtain an emission volume.

renewable sources or natural gas, such as combined­cycle gas 

power plants.

Serious road accident

 Overturned vehicle or other accident resulting in the injury of 

a crew member (declared incident) involving a TotalEnergies 

vehicle or vehicle on long­term contract with TotalEnergies  

(> 6 months).

Severity rate (SR)

 Number of lost­time days due to accidents at work per million 

hours worked.

Sites important for the environment

 Producing affiliate sites in Exploration & Production; Refining 

& Chemicals and Marketing & Services sites where annual 

production exceeds 250,000 tons; gas-fired power plants in 

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power.

107

Sustainability & Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well-BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Note

The  terms  “TotalEnergies,”  “TotalEnergies  company”  or  “Company”  in  this 
document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated enti­
ties that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise, the 
words “we,” “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or to their 
employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns 
a shareholding are separate legal entities. This document makes reference to 
greenhouse gas emissions. The Company has control over emissions from the 
facilities it operates (Scope 1) and their indirect emissions from purchased ener­
gy (Scope 2). By contrast, it does not have control over emissions from the end 
use of its products by its customers (Scope 3), and trends in those emissions 
depend largely on external factors, such as government policies and customer 
choices (for additional information on the definition of Scope 1, 2 and 3, refer to 
the Universal Registration Document). The use in this document of expressions 
such as “carbon intensity of the products sold by the Company,” “carbon foot­
print of the Company” or similar expressions, insofar as they include Scope 3 
emissions, does not mean that the latter are TotalEnergies emissions.

This document may contain forward-looking statements. Specifically, this doc­
ument may contain statements regarding the perspectives, objectives, areas 
for improvement and goals of TotalEnergies, including with respect to climate 
change  and  carbon  neutrality  (net­zero  emissions).  An  ambition  expresses 
an outcome desired by TotalEnergies, it being specified that the means to be 
deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies. These forward­looking state­
ments may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of 
risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its affiliates assumes any obli­
gation with respect to investors or any other stakeholder to update or revise any 
forward­looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this 
document whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Further information on risk factors that could have a significant adverse effect 
on the financial performance or operations of TotalEnergies is provided in the 
most recent version of the Universal Registration Document, which is filed by 
TotalEnergies SE with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers and on Form 
20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

Iconography

Ari Versiani, Augustin Detienne- Capa Pictures, Biotope, Carlos Ayesta - Capa 
Pictures,  Cody  Porche  ­  Porche  Aerial  Imagery,  Cyril  Abad  ­  Capa  Pictures, 
Daniel  Rory  -  Capa  Pictures,  Denis  Allard,  Drone  Video  Production,  Drony, 
Fabien Ferrer, Frédérique Fel ­ Elephant at work, Ghislaine Desbois, Guillaume 
Perrin, Ishan Tankha – EAW, Jacques Rostand, Jean-Michel Ducasse, Jonathan 
Maddock, Julien Lutt - Capa Pictures, Julien Muguet, Laurent Cipriana - Capa 
Pictures,  Laurent  Hazgui  -  Capa  Pictures,  Laurent  Pascal  -  Capa  Pictures, 
Laurent  Zylberman,  Michel  Labelle,  Patrick  Boulen,  Paul  V,  Redfox,  Renaud 
Khanh, Saudi Aramco, Scott Dalton­ Capa Pictures, Stéphane Compoint ­ Capa 
Pictures, StudioXL Doula, TMS Cardiff Gas Ltd, TotalEnergies, DR.

TotalEnergies is a global multi-energy company that produces and supplies energy: 
oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gas, renewable energies and electricity. Its 
101,000 employees are committed to making energy ever more affordable, cleaner, 
more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Present in more than 
130 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainable development in all its dimensions 
at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people.

TOTALENERGIES SE
2, place Jean-Millier
92400 Courbevoie – France
Tél. : +33 (0)1 47 44 45 46

Share capital: €6,641,697,357.50
Registered in Nanterre: RCS 542 051 180

www.totalenergies.com

Design and production

 
TotalEnergies has been a member of the UN Global Compact since 2016 and supports the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Each year we issue a special report1 that details our progress in fulfilling the SDGs.

That report supplements the Company’s other voluntary reporting initiatives, including our GRI report2 and the Global Compact Communication on Progress3.

TotalEnergies’ ambition to be a major player in the energy transition, on the road to net zero by 2050, together with society, will require the mobilization of our 100,000 employees.

More than 27,000 TotalEnergies employees took part in workshops during 2022, to dev elop ten objectives and indicators aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

In 2023, every TotalEnergies site, business unit and affiliate worldwide will adopt an action plan with targets to be met by 2025.

Each plan is based on actions that are directly related to the entity’s local operations in the field.

These plans form our Sustainab’ALL program, in which TotalEnergies sets out its material contribution to sustainability.

T he year 2022 was a year of upheaval that will not soon be forgotten.

War returned to Europe, sowing unaccept able horror in its path.

Among the multiple international impacts of this war started by Russia, this conflict has clearly revealed just how crucial energy is as a resource and how much the energy markets are making countries interdependent.

The stakes of supply security and energy prices have become just as important as the urgent need to decarbonize energy.

The Company was able to do this because of its proactive, years long strategy to develop an integrated LNG portfolio.

In 2022, TotalEnergies further accelerated its LNG strategy in response to Europe’s supply challenges.

This involved diversifying supply sources, notably from the United States bringing new regasification capacity on stream in Germany and France with floating storage and regasification units (FSRUs) investing in new production capacity, for example in Qatar, to prepare the future all while using technologies that make it possible to achieve ever larger reductions in CO2 and methane emissions.

Indeed, in electricity generation, natural gas offers the great advantage of emitting only half as much CO2 as coal, an energy on which many countries are still too dependent.

At the same time, we have continued to reduce our methane emissions while taking action to encourage the entire oil and gas industry to aim for zero methane emissions by 2030.

From a broader perspective, 2022 made it more obvious than ever that the world still needs the energies available today, of which fossil energies account for more than 80%.

For this reason, we will continue to invest in new oil projects.

Not to grow, but simply to meet still expanding global demand, notably in developing countries.

And also to anticipate the natural decline in our current fields’ output (4% per year) to ensure that our customers continue to have reliable access to energy at an affordable cost.

The immediate focus must be on building the energy system of tomorrow while continuing to supply the energy the world needs today.

Today’s world also has a growing need for renewable electricity and new low carbon energies to address the climate challenge.

Events in 2022, among them heat waves, agricultural drought, melting glaciers and more frequent and intense hurricanes, reminded us that urgent action must be taken to decarbonize o u r e c o n o m i e s . T h e immediate focus must be on building the energy system of tomorrow while continuing to supply the energy the world needs today.

Our AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators We are embarking on a profound transforma tion that requires all our energies society and citizens included.

Every step counts on the road to the energy transition.

In 2023, we will invest around 5 billion in low carbon energies more than our investments in new gas and oil projects to move forward even faster.

We are resolutely building the future today, by leveraging our strengths.

Our 2022 results show that we have made the right strategic choices.

These include continuing to provide oil competitively as long as there is demand, developing in LNG (a segment in which we generated 10 billion operating cash flow) and investing profitably in electricity markets (we posted income of 1 billion for the first time in our history).

In 2022, TotalEnergies recorded the highest growth in net cash flow per share and achieved the highest return on capital employed among its peers.

These 2022 results prove that we can combine the strongest profitability of all the majors with the highest multi energy investments among the majors to support and accelerate the transition.

Beyond these financial results, we are proud of the tangible progress in our low carbon energy projects.

We will meet our worldwide gross installed capacity goal for renewable electricity in 2025 and are already working on projects to achieve our objective of 100 GW by 2030.

Beyond these financial results, we are proud of the tangible progress in our low carbon energy projects.

In 2023, we will be even more aggressive in reducing our Scope 1 2 emissions with a new target in absolute value of 38 Mt CO2e by 2025.

That’s two million tons lower than our previous target, while including our power activities that did not exist in 2015.

This is possible thanks to the active involvement of all the Company’s teams in a 1 billion program devoted to energy efficiency in 2023 2024.

We are also strenghtening our objective for reducing Scope 3 emissions from our oil activities from 30% to 40% by 2030 in relation to 2015, and 30% by 2025.

In addition, our objective for lowering the carbon intensity of the energy mix sold to our customers has been strengthened from 20% to 25% by 2030 in relation to 2015, and 15% by 2025.

We are committed to ensuring that our businesses and projects create value and positive change.

We are working towards that goal, in accordance with our Code of Conduct, in our interactions with all of our stakeholders: employees, customers and partners, host countries, local communities in our core territories, civil society, suppliers and shareholders.

Our progress report is designed to describe, transparently, the implementation of our ambition to get to net zero by 2050, together with society, and the tangible advances made every day in deploying initiatives to promote a sustainable transition.

It responds to the controversies we encounter with solid proof of our transformation.

We cannot carry out this transformation alone, without the commitment of all our stakeholders.

Our investments in the production and distribution of low carbon energies will only make a difference if we all decide to change the way we use energy.

That’s the logic behind our approach of openness, discussion and exchange in our everyday interactions with our stakeholders.

This crisis as was the case for the Company’s project in Uganda.

To support our global transformation, the Board of Directors is strengthening our ranks by asking shareholders to approve the appointment of two new directors who will provide specific exper tise in our growth drivers in electricity and renewa bles, as well as in today’s energies, further and diversify the Board’s inter national profile.

We are proud to state that we are leading the field in our industry in the transformation toward a multi energy model.

T otalEnergies is solidly committed to making the transition to low carbon energy while continuing to supply the energy our customers need.

The 2022 invasion of Ukraine by Russia, which is the world’s second largest producer of oil and natural gas, sparked a human crisis at the heart of Europe as well as a global energy crisis that has affected every economy in the world, from homes to businesses.

In view of evolving sanctions, the Board of Directors was mobilized throughout 2022 to support the actions to be taken by the Company in line with European governments and with our val ues and strategy, in order in particular to help secure Europe’s energy supply.

In 2023, for the third con secutive year and keeping up with our com mitment, the Board invites our shareholders to express themselves on the progress made in 2022, in the light of our objectives and our implementation of the Company’s strategy.

With additional financial resources, TotalEnergies is, moreover, accelerating its ambition for sustainability and the energy transition toward carbon neutrality.

This report is a live testimony on the Compa ny’s actions, undertaken in contribution to a transparent dialogue with shareholders and many other stakeholders.

Every project submitted to the Board is exam ined from a financial perspective as well as an extra financial perspective that includes the climate and CO2 emissions.

To define its strategy and take into account the challenges posed by climate change, TotalEnergies relies on a clearly defined organizational structure and governance.

Climate issues are addressed at the highest levels of the organization, by both the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee.

TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors is dedicated to promoting long term value creation.

It defines the Company’s strategic objectives and annually reviews opportunities and risks, such as financial, legal, operational, social and environmental risks, and the measures taken in response.

It ensures that both the investment Company’s strategy and the projects submitted for its consideration take account of climate concerns.

To aid the Board in carrying out its duties, a continuous training program on climate was approved for the Directors in 2021.

It includes a variety of modules on the following topics: energy, climate change and environmental risks, financial risks and opportunities.

In 2022 the Directors took part in the Climate Fresk, a creative and collaborative scientific workshop designed to raise climate change awareness.

Strategy CSR Committee During their annual seminar in 2022, the members of the Strategy CSR Committee met Larry Fink, Chairman Chief Executive Officer of Blackrock, in addition to concrete work sessions on areas such as new ener gies for transport by 2030 (road, sea and air).

Compensation Committee For the past several years, the Board of Direc tors has also incorporated climate issues into corporate pay structures (see infographic).

The Audit Committee annually reviews the consolidated statement of non financial per formance, which includes information from the Company’s climate and environmental reporting, the compliance and fairness of which is subject to a limited assurance review by an independent third party.

The Chairman Chief Executive Officer of TotalEnergies, assisted by the Executive Com mittee, ensures that climate issues are taken into account and built into operational road maps.

The Executive Committee is respon sible for identifying and analyzing risks that could prevent TotalEnergies from reaching its objectives.

The TotalEnergies Risk Management Committee (TRMC) assists the Executive Committee.

The TRMC’s primary duties are to ensure that the Company’s risk mapping is updated on a regular basis and that its existing risk management processes, procedures and systems are effective (see p. 17).

The Strategy Sustainability Division coor dinates the Company’s activities through the entities in charge of strategy and mar kets analysis, sustainability and climate, and safety, health and environment, relations with public authorities and civil society, and inter nal audit.

Its president also chairs the Risk Committee (CoRisk), which is in charge of the Company’s investments .

The Finance General Directorate ensures an ongoing dialogue with investors, analysts and non financial rating agencies on climate chal lenges and Environmental, Social and Govern ance (ESG) issues more broadly.

In all, more than 250 ESG meetings were held in France and worldwide in 2022.

In the wake of Russia’s military aggression against Ukraine, TotalEnergies SE set out its principles of conduct in March 2022: ensuring strict compliance with EU sanctions, regardless of the impact on the management of its Russian assets providing no further capital for the development of projects in Russia taking no action that would subvert the goal of the sanctions by transferring value to Russian interests helping to secure Europe’s energy supply and not entering into new contracts or renewals for the purchase of Russian oil or petroleum products, in order to discontinue all purchases by the end of 2022.

In accordance with these principles, TotalEnergies has continued to supply Europe with LNG from its Yamal LNG plant under long term contracts, and has sold several assets that were not contributing to this supply, including its minority interests in the Kharyaga and Termokarstovoye fields.

In December 2022, TotalEnergies decided to withdraw the Company’s representatives from Novatek’s board, and accordingly ceased to equity account for its stake in Novatek in its accounts.

The Company recorded total Russian impairments and provisions of 14.8 billion in 2022.

The Monein solar power plant in Pyr n es Atlantiques (France), developed by TotalEnergies Renewables.

T he energy transition is well underway, but the world still uses fossil fuels to meet 81% of its energy needs.

Keeping global warming well below 2 C, in line with the Paris Agreement, requires that we drastical ly reduce consumption of fossil fuels (coal, oil, gas) and make the world energy system evolve by building the new low carbon energy system at a much faster pace.

Our collective challenge which became evident in 2022 is to reconcile the energy transition with the need for energy security and concerns over its cost.

When the supply of oil or natural gas is restricted while demand continues to rise the social impact is immediate and very high, due to the resulting increase in energy prices and insecurity of supply.

To meet the challenge of the energy transition and still ensure that reliable energy is avail able in the short term at the lowest possible cost, the world needs to invest in two energy systems simultaneously so as to: ensure the current system continues to operate respon sibly, and at the same time speed efforts to build a new system centered on low carbon energies (renewable electricity, biofuels and biogas, clean hydrogen and synthetic fuels, CCS solutions to offset residual fossil fuel emissions).

Two other levers will also deliver immedaite results: replacing coal in energy use whenever possible, and investing heavily to improve energy efficiency.

That, in a nutshell, is TotalEnergies’ strategy: to continue providing the energy the world needs now, notably natural gas to replace coal, while responsibly and sustainably accelerating the transition to low carbon energy solutions.

This is how, in concrete terms, we support the goals of the Paris Agreement, which calls for a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in the context of sustainable development and the fight against poverty, and which aims to keep the increase in average global temperatures well below 2 C compared to pre industrial levels.

The year 2022 has reinforced our confidence in our strategy.

We are investing with discipline, at a time when our markets continue to evolve at an uncertain pace.

Our portfolio of multi energy businesses gives us the flexibility and optionality to position ourselves as a leader in the energy transition, regardless of its speed.

TotalEnergies, multi energy company, supports the objectives of the 2015 Paris Agreement.

The energy transition depends, first on electrifying energy use, which will require a massive in green electricity.

TotalEnergies is expanding across the entire electricity value chain (intermittent renewa ble production, flexible gas fired power pro duction, storage, trading, customer sales) in a profitable way.

Our goal is to build an Integrated Power business with a return on average capital employed higher than 10% and to rank among the world’s top five providers of solar and wind energy by 2030, with gross capacity of 100 GW and an interim target of 35 GW by 2025 (17 GW reached as of year end 2022).

Second, the energy transition depends on the development of new, low carbon ener gies (biofuels and biogas, clean hydrogen and synthetic fuels combining hydrogen and car bon) that TotalEnergies has the core skills to produce.

We are expanding into these new markets by focusing on circular resource management and deploying less mature tech nologies at our own sites to test their busi ness viability.

For natural gas, a transition energy, TotalEnergies continues to expand across the liquefied natural gas (LNG) value chain to consolidate its position as the world’s third largest player.

LNG plays a key role in the net zero roadmaps of many coal consuming countries.

Regarding oil, the Company is highly selective and focuses its investments on projects with a low breakeven point and low emissions.

This strategy enables us to take full advantage of global oil demand, which continues to grow but should begin to decline in the medium term, due to the electrification of transport it ensures that our businesses will remain prof itable and resilient over the long term.

As they evolve, the energy markets are becoming increasingly interconnected and interdependent, particularly since electricity the energy at the center of the transition is a secondary energy, meaning that it depends on other energies and markets.

Our integrated multi energy strategy and our solid financial base are strengths that allow us to be a major player in the sustainable energy the world needs and make the most of current developments including the potential price volatility they may cause.

Natural gas can replace coal for numerous applications (power generation, manufacturing, etc.

Flexible and easily dispatchable, natural gas is also an ideal partner for renewable energies, which are intermittent and seasonal by nature, for power generation.

In order for gas to live up to its potential for the energy transition, methane leaks need to be eliminated from the gas value chain.

TotalEnergies has already reduced its emissions and is committed to zero methane emissions.

In addition, LNG has demonstrated its key role in connecting gas consuming countries with large natural gas resources available on a global scale.

For these reasons, gas is a core component of roadmaps for getting to net zero in many coal consuming countries, including the UK, the US, Germany, Japan, South Korea, China and elsewhere.

Conversely, the crisis in the natural gas markets in 2022 has unfortunately triggered a boost in global demand for coal, which reached historic highs in 2022.

The IEA reported in December 2022 1 that Europe’s demand for coal, primarily for power generation, rose 6% against a backdrop of serious disruption in the European electricity markets.

Electrification of end user demand thanks to clean power is one of the biggest drivers of the energy transition.

Renewables, already the primary factor in decarbonizing the power mix, are experiencing accelerated growth.

According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), solar and wind capacity increased threefold between 2015 and 2021 (by 85 GW and 246 GW respectively).

As the penetration of intermittent renewable energies increases, massive investments to upgrade power transmission and distribution networks are also required, as well as storage solutions and flexible power plants.

Global investments in renewables and power grids are already outpacing investment in oil and gas production by nearly 100%.

Here too, we need to go further: we also share the IEA’s belief that annual investment in low carbon power must, at a minimum, double by 2030 to reach between 1.5 and 2 trillion, with half devoted to grids.

TotalEnergies aims to reach 100 GW in gross installed wind and solar capacity by 2030, and is among the ten major companies worldwide (including six Chinese firms) that are targeting triple digit renewable energy generation over the course of the decade.

Electrification is gaining pace, which is in turn taking carbon out of a growing number of applications especially transportation, the most oil intensive industry.

W ith to greenhouse gas emissions, TotalEnergies is com mitted to lowering its carbon foot print from energy production, processing and delivery to our customers.

First of all, the Company is executing an ambi tious action plan to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions for which we are directly responsible (Scope 1 2 emissions at our operated assets) to the strict minimum.

We are further investing in carbon storage and sequestration projects so as to neutralize our residual emissions and be able to offer those CCS solutions to our major industrial customers.

Drawing on the actions already taken to evolve our energy offerings and reduce car bon emissions from our operations, in 2022 TotalEnergies published an outline of what our businesses might look like as we become a carbon neutral energy company by 2050, together with society.

By 2050, TotalEnergies would produce: about 50% of our energy in the form of low carbon electricity, with corresponding storage capacity, totaling about 500 TWh year, on the premise that we develop about 400 GW of renewable capacity.

Most of that oil would be used in the petrochemicals industry to produce about 10 Mt year of polymers, of which two thirds would come from the circular economy.

That oil and gas would represent: about 10 Mt of residual emissions annually, with methane emissions almost eliminated (below 0.1 Mt CO2e year) those emissions would be offset in full by projects using nature based solutions (natural carbon sinks).

To get to net zero together with society, TotalEnergies would help eliminate the equivalent of 100 Mt year of CO2 generated by our customers by developing: a carbon storage service for customers that would store 50 to 100 Mt year of CO2 an industrial e fuels business that would prevent 25 to 50 million tons of CO2 for our customers through production with 100% green hydrogen, while offsetting the intermittent nature of renewable energies to make them a viable replacement for fossil fuels.

From energy products used by our customers (GHG Protocol Category 11).

Average carbon intensity of energy products used by our customers worldwide (Scope 1 2 3).

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators Why Continue to Invest in Oil in 2023 would exceed 2019 levels, rising to 102 Mb d (whereas the NZE scenario pub lished in 2021 projected falling demand from 2019, to 93.5 Mb d in 2023).

International Energy its Net Zero scenario outlining changes in world energy demand that would be compatible with a 1.5 C scenario without overshooting the related carbon budget.

The strict assumptions used for the evolution in energy demand between now and 2030 prompted the IEA to assert that the world had no need for new oil and gas projects.

Indeed, under that normative scenario, demand for oil between 2020 and 2030 declines at the same rate as the natural depletion of fields, i.e about 4% a year.

This scenario does not claim to forecast actual changes in energy demand, and since its publication the IEA has released several demand forecasts that reveal the extent to which the world is deviating from that norma tive outlook.

Demand for oil is by no means declining in line with the depletion of existing fields in fact, demand is rising.

The IEA’s forecasts for short term oil demand are line with TotalEnergies’ analyses: although we concur with the NZE scenario regarding oil demand in 2050, the demand curve for 2020 2030 put forward to achieve it is clearly very far from observed market trends.

The IEA updated its scenarios in the World Energy Outlook published in October 2022.

In the wake of the 2022 energy crisis, it acknowl edged the importance of balancing supply and demand for the energies currently used throughout the world.

Under its Announced Pledges Scenario (APS), which is compatible with the Paris Agreement, global oil demand would peak in 2030 and then subside, but at a slower pace than the natural rate of oil field decline.

The chart below compares oil production in the APS scenario to the production capacity of existing fields (TotalEnergies’ assessment shown in red in the chart).

The gray area indi cates the shortfall in available production, meaning new projects that will need to be launched, even under the 1.7 C scenario.

That is why TotalEnergies believes new oil projects are needed to meet continued strong demand, maintain prices at an acceptable lev el and create the conditions for a just tran sition that gives people time to change their energy practices.

Tungsten Explorer, Moho North project (The Republic of the Congo).

T he vision of our potential transforma tion by 2050 is backed by an invest ment policy designed to accelerate low carbon solutions (electricity and renew able energies, biogas and biofuels, low car bon fuels, CCS) while we continue to meet the world’s current energy demand.

The world’s population continues to grow and the inhabitants of emerging nations have legit imate aspirations to higher living standards, comparable to those of Western countries.

The years 2020 to 2030 will mark TotalEnergies’ transformation into a true multi energy com pany.

In practical terms, over the current decade 2030, TotalEnergies plans to: Increase our energy production from 14 PJ day to 20 PJ day to meet growing demand.

Electricity (primarily renewable power) would account for half that increase, with target pow.

That reduc tion is consistent with our strategy of inte gration across value chains, and reflects the anticipated decline in fuel demand in Europe, where the shift to electric road transportation is well underway.

As a result, oil will account for no more than approximately 30% of our total sales, compared to 55% in 2019.

This expected evolution in our activities in 2030 underpins TotalEnergies’ carbon emis sions commitments over that same period, which are described in the section on Climate and sustainable energy.

Oil Maintaining the cash flow engine Aligning sales to demand and production.

Gas Growing LNG production Integration along the LNG value chain.

Integrated Power Creating value from integration in electricity.

Low carbon molecules Growing biofuels (SAF), biogas,.

Seagreen (Scotland) offshore wind farm under construction.

T he challenge posed by the energy tran sition is to move as quickly as possi ble from the current energy system (which is more than 80% based on fossil fuels) to a decarbonized system.

For a company like TotalEnergies, that means continuing to sup ply our customers with the energy they need now, while accelerating our investment in the low carbon energies that will dominate in the future: we must invest in both systems simul taneously and strike the right balance to ensure a just transition (see p. 9).

In 2022 our investments totaled 16.3 billion, including 4 billion in low carbon energies.

In 2023, we expect that figure to increase to 5 billion.

That sum exceeds our projected capi tal expenditure for new oil gas projects ( 4.5 billion).

In the coming years, investments in low carbon energies will represent 1 3 of our investments, more than new oil gas projects (30%).

Consistent with our commitment to build a multi energy company, we have decided to publish financial indicators for the Integrated Power segment as of the first quarter of 2023 to demonstrate our ability to combine prof itable growth and sustainable development while generating value for our shareholders.

In a global economic context marked by infla tion, it is essential to maintain our investment criteria to ensure the profitability and resil ience of our portfolio.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators For new oil and gas projects (greenfield and acquisitions), the intensity of Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas emissions is compared, depending on their nature, to the intensity of the average greenhouse gas emissions of upstream production assets or that of various downstream units (LNG plants, refineries) of the Company.

As of 2023, the threshold has been lowered for Upstream projects to 19 kilograms of CO2e boe, ver sus 20 kilograms of CO2e boe previously evidence of the effectiveness of our cri teria.

For additional investments in existing assets (brownfield projects), the investment will have to lower the Scope 1 2 emissions intensity of the asset in question.

The goal is for each new investment to contribute to lowering the average intensity of the Compa ny’s Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas emissions in its category.

For projects involving other energies and technologies (biofuels, biogas, CCS, etc.), GHG emissions reductions are assessed based on the amount by which they will reduce the Company’s emissions.

Fenix gas project in Argentina Lapa South West in Brazil.

Liquefied Natural Gas: Acquisition of an interest in NorthField East LNG and North Field South LNG in Qatar for Upstream and two FSRUs in France and Germany.

Integrated Power: a variety of solar, wind and BESS projects gained from the acquisi tion of Clearway Energy in the United States acquisition of CoreSolar the ACC giga factory in France.

Low carbon molecules: Hydrogen: a network of hydrogen stations for trucks in Europe biogas: South Fork in the United States, acquisition of PGB in Poland SAF: new unit at Grandpuits, France (Galaxie project).

Natural Carbon Sinks: Maya in Guatemala and Tambopata in Peru.

For projects greenlighted in 2022: Profitability exceeds the internally defined threshold, in a scenario compatible with the Paris Agreement’s objectives, with the exception of natural carbon sink projects, which are evaluated on the basis of the actu al cost of a ton of CO2 .

The Scope 1 2 greenhouse gas intensity is below the average intensity of their catego ry for new oil and gas projects and reduced for brownfield projects, additional measures to control emissions will be needed since the emissions intensity of certain upstream projects increases over time as production declines.

Upstream gives precedence to value creation and cash generation over volume and puts a priority on developing low cost (typically below 20 boe for operating and investment costs) or low breakeven and low emissions projects (typically below 20 b for operat ing and investment costs) or low breake ven (typically less than 30 b including tax) and low emissions (typically less than 19 kg CO2 b) projects.

In accordance with the Company’s new bio diversity ambition (see p. 75), all new invest ment projects must also meet the zero net deforestation criterion.

Divestments in 2022 totaled 1.4 billion, and most were connected with our policy of partial disposal of renewable assets once they have been commissioned, the sale of our interest in Block 14 in Angola, the sale of shares by SunPower, the partial sale of the Landivisiau CCGT plant and the sale of the Sarsang field in Iraq.

Technical costs include operating costs and investment costs.

The break even points include the taxation of the project and exclude the dividend.

In 2022, after an evaluation based on these criteria, 43 investments were approved.

The most significant by category are as follows: Upstream Oil Gas: expansion of the CLOV field and development of the Begonia oil field and Quiluma and Maboqueiro gas fields in Angola the Sn hvit compression project and development of Eldfisk North in Norway the launch of Ballymore in the United States the.

Beyond technological and financial challenges it will pose, this transition process must be just if it is to succeed.

It must provide the least developed countries with the clean, reliable and affordable energy they need for their growing populations aspiring to a higher standard of living.

The most developed nations, in turn, will need to assist those who could be adversely affected by that transition, should for example their job disappear or the cost of this transition put them in energy poverty.

TotalEnergies is a major player in the energy transition.

We are mindful of the issues relat ed to a just transition raised by our activities and our own transformation to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, together with society, and we are providing concrete answers (see table).

We are particularly sensitive to the need to enhance our employees’ skills, guarantee decent wages and maintain social dialogue, in the spirit of the International Labour Organiza tion’s guiding principles on just transition and the Paris Agreement.

Anticipate changes in disciplines by adapting and developing skills.

Our Care Program (health, social protection, ways of working, family sphere).

Strengthen sustainability requirements in our procurement and audit processes.

Collaborate with players in the value chain of mobility.

Support B2B customers in decarbonizing their industrial and commercial operations.

Protect natural resources and biodiversity Respect the rights of affected communities Manage the negative impacts of our activities Contribute to sustainable local development by cooperating with communities and civil society.

Deploy a multi energy offering Promote transparent, responsible taxation and the fight against corruption.

Advocate and collaborate internationally and with other companies on the transition’s challenges in host countries.

T he risks posed by climate change are included among the risks analyzed by the TotalEnergies Risk Management Committee (TRMC). TotalEnergies ranks its risks by type and gravity.

In 2022, the TRMC updated its risk mapping and submitted the results to the Board of Directors in early 2023.

In the opposite table, TotalEnergies' risks are positioned in rela tion to identified generic risks, in accordance with the recommendation of the Taskforce on Climate related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).

The TRMC also verifies the use of appropriate risk management systems.

Additional action plans can be defined when necessary.

Audits are conducted to ensure that exist ing risk reduction and control measures are effective.

Personnel from multiple disciplines, segments and businesses may collaborate in carrying out these action plans and audits.

T otalEnergies has succeeded in creat ing a more resilient portfolio through very active portfolio management in recent years: the upstream portfolio has seen a 50% change since 2015, for an oil reserves replacement ratio above 100% over 2015 2021 (excluding Russia).

Our portfolio has a low breakeven point, in line with the Com pany’s objective of keeping below 30 b (in 2022 the pre dividend organic cash breakeven point stood at 23.2 b), which ensures that its resources remain competitive.

For its oper ated upstream oil and gas activities in 2022, TotalEnergies had the lowest production cost per barrel and the lowest greenhouse gas emissions intensity (Scope 1 2) among its peers, at around 5 boe and 17 kg CO2e boe respectively.

The average life of the Compa ny’s proved and probable oil and gas reserves is 17 years and the discounted value of its upstream Oil and Gas assets beyond 2040 represents less than 15% of their total value.

In June 2020, TotalEnergies determined that among its upstream assets, only the Fort Hills and Surmont oil sands projects in Canada could be classified as stranded assets, mean ing assets with reserves beyond 20 years and high production costs, whose overall reserves might therefore not be produced by 2050.

TotalEnergies has decided to consider only proved reserves for the impairment tests on these two assets contrary to the gener al practice which includes both proved and probable reserves and not to approve any new capacity expansion project on these Canadian oil sands assets.

This portfolio management approach allows TotalEnergies to mitigate the risk of stranded assets in the future if the risks of a structur al decline in demand for oil and gas material ize faster than estimated as a result of stricter global environmental regulations and con straints and the changes in consumer prefer ences that would follow.

As shown in the attached merit order curve of production costs up to 2030 and 2040, compared to the demand expected under various IEA scenarios, TotalEnergies’ portfolio presents an average technical cost among the cheapest 50 Mb d in these timeframes, thanks largely to long plateau and low costs oil assets.

Source: Rystad, IEA WEO 2022 scenarios (rise in global average temperature in 2100).

TotalEnergies assesses its portfolio’s resil ience, including for new material investments, on the basis of relevant scenarios and sensi tivity tests.

Each material investment including in the exploration, acquisition or development of oil and gas resources, as well as in other energies and technologies is reviewed in relation to the objectives set out in the Paris Agreement, so that every new investment enhances the resil ience of the Company’s portfolio (see p.14).

Even if carbon pricing is not currently used in all of the Company’s host countries, TotalEnergies includes, as a base case, a minimum carbon price of 100 t in its investment criteria (or the current price in a given country, if higher) beyond 2028, it applies an annual increase of 2%.

Assuming a carbon price of 200 ton with an annual increase of 2% beyond 2028 (i.e. a 100 t increase from the base scenario begin ning in 2023), TotalEnergies estimates a nega tive impact of around 15% on the discounted present value of its assets (Upstream and Downstream).

In relation to the scenario used to review investments (Brent at 50 b), application of the IEA’s NZE price 1 scenario would lower the discounted present value of all of the Com pany’s Upstream and Downstream assets by around 15%.

In addition, to ensure robust accounting of its assets in the balance sheet, the Compa ny uses an oil price trajectory to calculate impairment of its upstream assets.

That tra jectory is stable until 2030, then decreas es linearly to 502022 b by 2040 from 2040 it decreases to the price retained for 2050 in the IEA’s NZE scenario ( 252022 b).

The prices retained for gas in Europe and Asia decrease before stabilizing as of 2027 and until 2040 at lower levels than today, with the Henry Hub remaining at 32022 MMBtu over that period.

Thereafter, those prices all converge with the prices in the NZE scenario in 2050.

We take climate risk into account in the design of our facilities and in the evaluation of our sites in operation.

Climate change potentially has multiple consequences, including rising sea levels and increased extreme weather events, that can negatively impact our operations.

We have for addressing the anticipated changes in the climate system and its components in our facility design bases (metocean criteria).

World Energy Outlook 2022, Table 2.2 Fossil fuel prices by sce nario (p. 110).

Similarly, we evaluate the vulnerability of our sites in operation to weather events so that their consequences do not affect the instal lations’ integrity or people’s safety.

Internal studies have not identified any existing facil ities that are vulnerable to the consequences of climate change known to date.

Technological advances in subsea engineering have enabled oil and gas exploration and production from increasingly deep waters since the late 1990s.

Ultra deep offshore is defined as water depths over 1,500 meters, which in the early 2000s represented the technical limit for drilling rigs and production facilities, largely exceeded since.

Today, the evolution of these technologies no longer justifies distinguishing between, for example, developments at 1,200 m or 1,800 m of water.

This water depth threshold does not make these reservoirs 'unconventional', because all fields are developed with facilities that use a continuum of conventional technologies.

In addition, ultra deep offshore projects develop large scale fields, benefiting from the latest technologies that allow them to achieve very competive CO2 emission intensities ( 13 kg CO2e boe on average).

Also, the design of the necessary floating installations guarantees minimal impact on biodiversity.

These greater water depths alone are not inevitably synonymous with higher safety risks.

Ultra deep offshore wells generally target reservoirs buried at shallow depths the pressure and temperature within those reservoirs are well within the capacity of proven drilling technology.

It is the combination of high pressure reservoirs and significant water depths that can heighten the level of risk.

TotalEnergies is no longer seeking to develop assets of that kind.

Ultra deep offshore projects call for technology that only a limited number of major multinationals have mastered.

All of those companies share a very high standard of performance, as TotalEnergies does with Petrobras in Brazil on the recent Mero, Lapa, Sepia and Atapu developments.

Those projects also help to diversify and thereby secure the world’s oil supply.

In electricity and renewables: Activities related to renewable energies (wind, solar, bioenergy and hydropower), as well as battery production.

Activities related to new energy infrastruc ture for low carbon mobility (charge points for electric vehicles, hydrogen filling sta tions).

Electricity generation from natural gas (com bined cycle gas turbine power plants).

In biofuels and chemistry: Activities relat ed to the manufacture of biofuels for use in transportation and certain petrochemical activities, including biopolymer production and mechanical or chemical recycling of plastics.

The Company’s other main eligible activi ties are the manufacture of biogas via anaer obic digestion of biowaste and activities related to carbon sinks (carbon capture and storage, natural carbon sinks).

Electricity generation from natural gas er words, it contributes to one of the climate objectives 5 without adversely affecting the other environmental objectives 6 and meets minimum social standards.

A reconciliation table is provided in the 2022 Universal Registration Document, Section 5.4.6.

Described in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021 2139 of June 4, 2021.

Activities for which there is currently no economically or technologically viable low carbon alternative.

Activities that enable other activities to contribute to the achievement of one of six environmental objectives.

The Taxonomy regu lation includes two climate objectives: (1) mitigation of climate change, and (2) adaptation to climate change.

Relating to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

P ursuant to European Union regulations, the tables below show the proportion of eligible activities and aligned activ ities in the turnover and CapEx 1 indicators, across the scope of the entities controlled by TotalEnergies, as well as a proportional view, proposed by the delegated regulation of July 6, 2021.

This proportional view includes the contribution of joint ventures and companies in which TotalEnergies has significant influ ence, accounted for by the equity method.

Controlled scope Proportional view Given the size of the Company and its part nership based development model across the integrated electricity value chain, the proportional view is more relevant than the controlled scope.

Eligible or aligned capex represented more than 30% of the Compa ny’s investment in 2022 in the proportional view confirmation of the growth dynamic underway since 2020.

Eligible activities Aligned activities An eligible activity 2 is an activity that falls into one of the following categories on the list established by the European Commission: low carbon, transitional 3 or enabling 4.

T otalEnergies has published a list of its industry affiliations on its website since 2016.

The Company typically cooperates with these organizations on technical subjects, but some take public stances on other issues, such as climate.

Since 2019, TotalEnergies has conducted a biannual assessment of the public positions on climate and other issues of the main industry organizations of which it is a member.

The Company examines wheth er those positions are aligned with its own, based on the six principles from its Advoca cy Directive (see sidebar below).

A partial review is conducted in the intervening years.

This monitoring and evaluation of industry organizations continued in 2022: a complete review began at the end of the year and will be completed in mid 2023.

In 2022, most of the new organizations our entities joined were involved in the energy transition and low car bon energies.

TotalEnergies supports the pledges made by nations worldwide to combat global warming as part of the Paris Agreement and publishes its positions on its corporate website 1.

In Europe, TotalEnergies supports the Fit for 55 package and specifically some of its key components, such as the broader use of carbon pricing, the large scale expansion of renewable energies, deployment of infrastruc ture (charge points, hydrogen) and the devel opment of low carbon fuels and renewables for the transportation industry.

Our responses to the European Commission’s public consul tations on climate in 2022 are public and may be viewed online.

They address the meas urement of emissions from transportation, certification of carbon sinks and renewable energy and solar energy projects.

TotalEnergies also supports the digital action plan of the European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT) in favour of the energy transition.

In the United States, TotalEnergies supports the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act and plans to capitalize on that legislation to accelerate the deployment of its activities in renewable energies.

In France, TotalEnergies has joined the Eco Watt initiative led by RTE, the operator of the country’s electrical grid, to encourage respon sible energy consumption.

Consistent with its commitment to transpar ency, in 2022 TotalEnergies lent its backing to new climate reporting standards proposed by the US Securities and Exchange Commis sion (SEC) and the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). The Company is also cooperating with the Science Based Targets initiative that aims to develop standards appli cable to its industry in order to identify crite ria for compatibility with the goals of the Paris Agreement.

Scientific position: TotalEnergies recognizes the link established by science between human activities, in particular the use of fossil fuels, and climate change.

The Paris Agreement: TotalEnergies recognizes the Paris Agreement as a major step forward in the fight against global warming and supports the initiatives of the implementing States to fulfill its aims.

Carbon pricing: TotalEnergies supports the implementation of carbon pricing.

The development of renewable energies: TotalEnergies supports policies, initiatives and technologies aimed at promoting the development of renewable energies and sustainable bioenergies (biofuels, biogas) as well as energies and technologies aimed at decarbonizing industrial processes and transportation, such as hydrogen, carbon capture and electric vehicles.

The role of natural gas: TotalEnergies promotes the role of natural gas as a transition fuel, in particular as a replacement for coal.

TotalEnergies supports policies aimed at measuring and reducing methane emissions to move toward the ambition of zero methane emissions.

Carbon offsetting: TotalEnergies promotes a policy of reducing greenhouse gas emissions: avoid reduce by using the best available technologies offset the minimized residual emissions.

TotalEnergies supports the carbon offset mechanisms necessary to achieve carbon neutrality, through organized and certified markets ensuring the quality and sustainability of carbon credits.

T he low carbon electrification of ener gy demand is at the heart of the road maps of countries committed to carbon neutrality by 2050.

As a result, electric ity is a fast expanding market in which we are experiencing profitable growth.

Our objective is to reach gross capacity for renewable elec tricity of 35 GW by 2025 and 100 GW by 2030, a level that would put us among the world’s top five producers of renewable electricity (solar and wind).

Our levers for growth with a return on average capital employed of over 10% are selectivity in our choice of projects integration across the entire electricity value chain (generation, storage and trading, B2B and B2C sales) cost control using our project management and off shore development skills mobilizing external financing at competitive rates and making par tial divestments to accelerate cash flow gener ation and diversify our portfolio’s exposure.

Our gross installed capacity for renewables rose from 10 GW in 2021 to 17 GW in 2022.

Our 2025 objective for gross installed capac ity (worldwide) is secured we are now work ing on projects to achieve our 2030 objective of 100 GW.

The move to gain 100% control of TotalEren in 2023 and its integration within the Company will help us meet that goal.

Developing flexible generation and storage capacities The intermittence of solar and wind projects creates a need for flexible generation and stor age capacity to ensure supply meets demand at all times and to guarantee grid stability.

Flexible generation: We began building a dispatchable power generation portfolio in 2015 consisting of combined cycle gas tur bine (CCGT) plants.

This portfolio’s capacity reached 5.6 GW1 in 2022 with the March 2022 commissioning of the CCGT in Landivisiau, France.

With production of around 23 TWh in 2022 versus 8.4 TWh in 2021, these units helped offset the impact of weather events and the reduced availability of France’s nucle ar power plants.

Ultimately, the CCGT units are targeted for decarbonization, either by chang ing their feedstock (biomethane or hydrogen) or by sequestering their emissions through carbon capture and storage (CCS).

From nine CCGT plants, two co processing units and one gas fired power and desalination plant.

ClearWay installed capacity in the U.S. ( 4 GW) Startup of Al Kharsaah in Qatar (800 MWp solar) Startup at AGEL in India ( 500 MW) Startup of Seagreen in Scotland Various projects in France and China.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators Storage: We are leveraging the technological expertise at SAFT, which is also making the most of this fast growing market.

In 2022, TotalEnergies commissioned a 25 MWh bat tery energy storage system (BESS) at the Carling complex and SAFT won significant contracts in New Zealand (100 MW BESS to enhance the stability of the national grid, which takes up a growing share of renewa ble energies) and C te d'Ivoire (10 MW ESS to facilitate grid integration of the country’s first large scale photovoltaic solar plant).

New objective for 2030: 5 GW of storage capacity deployed worldwide.

Diversifying our market exposure We aim to build a portfolio with a good balance between regulated markets (mainly emerging countries) and deregulated markets (primarily OECD countries and Brazil).

In the latter, which are often more competitive, we see electricity prices trending upward over the long term.

We rely on a combination of long term contracts (PPA2 and corporate PPA) and exposure to wholesale markets of up to 30% to make the most of the value created by price fluctua tions.

In 2022, we developed our electricity trading capacity, which is both crucial for man aging this exposure and a competitive advan tage for optimizing the value of our projects.

Developing our customer portfolio Our integration across the electricity value chain goes all the way to sales to end cus tomers, with packages tailored to consum ers and businesses.

In 2030, our objective is to serve nearly 10 million consumers in Europe and to sell 130 TWh.

United States: TotalEnergies acquired 50% of Clearway Energy, the country’s fifth largest player in solar and wind.

The acquisition lifted our renewables portfolio in the United States to more than 25 GW and added to our positions in solar (8 GW of projects with SunChase and Core Solar) and offshore wind (4 GW of projects off the coast of New York and North Carolina).

Brazil: TotalEnergies created a joint venture with Casa dos Ventos, Brazil’s leading renewable energy company, to develop a 12 GW renewable energy portfolio that includes 6 GW already in operation, under construction or in an advanced stage of development (start up within five years).

For our industrial customers, we offer long term corporate purchase power agreements (CPPAs) from our solar and wind farms, as well as distributed solar generation solutions.

In France, TotalEnergies is the market leader in solar power on buildings, having been award ed projects totaling more than 250 MW in the French Energy Regulatory Commission’s CRE4 call for tenders since 2017 (see p. 55).

Maintenance operations on the Champagne Conlinoise wind farm (France).

With 48 Mt sold in 2022, TotalEnergies has strengthened its position as the world’s third largest LNG company. 99% of these LNG sales went to countries committed to net zero emissions by the mid century, giving them an alternative to coal and fuel oil (see p. 53).

We fully leveraged our capacities to offset the reduced deliveries from Russian gas pipelines by increasing the utilization rate from 50% in 2021 to 86% in 2022.

The connection of our assets of two additional Floating Storage and Regasification Units (FSRUs) in Lubmin, Germany (late 2022) and Le Havre, France (planned for Q3 2023) will increase our total regasification capacity to more than 20 Mt in 2023.

To supply these terminals, TotalEnergies is relying in particular on its position as the leading exporter of U.S. LNG to Europe (more than 10 Mt in 2022).

In the gas markets, TotalEnergies focuses on Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), which can be shipped everywhere in the world.

LNG accounts for around 11% of the total gas mar ket and saw strong growth in 2022 (up 6%) due to interrupted Russian pipe gas imports to Europe.

The imbalance between LNG sup ply and demand led to a sharp price increase, from which we benefited.

On the flip side, certain consumers have reduced their demand: Pakistan, for example, announced in February 2023 that it intended to build new power plants using coal rather than gas to meet future electricity demand.

Qatar: TotalEnergies selected as partner on NFE projects in June and NFS in September (3.5 Mt y).

Our LNG growth strategy requires an exemplary approach to GHG emissions across the value chain.

Our priority is to eliminate methane emissions (see p. 30).

For example, the concept chosen for the integrated FEED launched for Papua LNG is based on four electric liquefaction trains (e trains) and re injection of the native CO2 produced into the reservoirs.

Twice in 2022, Qatar chose TotalEnergies as its first partner for LNG production projects: North Field East and North Field South.

These extension projects will provide the Company with additional LNG production of 3.5 Mt y and significantly enhance the global supply.

In line with our strategy, they are among the most competitive in the world in terms of cost and will apply the highest standards to reduce GHG emissions intensity (including methane).

Solutions include capturing and storing native CO2 and connecting to Qatar’s power grid, which is supplied with an increasing share of renewable electricity, thanks in part to the 800 MW Al Kharsaah solar power plant commissioned in 2022, in which TotalEnergies is a partner.

M ethane is a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential 28 times higher than that of CO2 and a much shorter atmospheric lifetime1.

This makes reducing methane emissions a priority in efforts to mitigate global warming.

To date, 150 countries have signed the Global Meth ane Pledge launched in Glasgow in 2021, which aims to reduce methane emissions by 30% from 2020 levels by 2030.

Anthropogenic methane emissions come from energy, waste and agriculture.

TotalEnergies believes that it is the industry’s responsibility to reduce methane emissions to near zero by 2030.

We are working towards this goal through the Oil Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) and want our conduct to be exemplary.

We have been working on this issue for many years and we have already halved our meth ane emissions between 2010 and 2020.

In early 2022, we set very ambitious, specif ic targets for the decade ahead that call for a 50% reduction from 2020 levels by 2025 and 80% by 20303.

These targets cover all of the Company’s operated assets and go beyond the 75% reduction in methane emissions from coal, oil and gas between 2020 and 2030 out lined in the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario.

The Company has also maintained its meth ane intensity target4 of below 0.1% for its operated gas facilities.

In 2022, our methane emissions reached 42 kt, a 34% reduction compared to 2020 levels.

In addition, TotalEnergies is working with its partners to implement best practices at its non operated assets.

Analysis with the AUSEA drone at the Lapa Field (Brazil).

Global Warming Potential of 80 over 20 years and 28 over 100 years (Source: IPCC 6th Assessment Report).

Methane emissions intensity in relation to com mercial gas produced.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators almost all our upstream operated sites world wide.

In 2022, a campaign to detect and measure emissions on site in real life condi tions covered 95% of operated sites 5 in the upstream sector.

More than 1,200 AUSEA flights were carried out in eight countries to cover 125 sites.

AUSEA detection technology, which consists of an ultra light CO2 and CH4 sensor mount ed on a drone, was developed in cooperation with the French National Center for Scientif ic Research (CNRS) and Universit de Reims Champagne Ardennes.

It is at the cutting edge of scientific research for detecting and quantifying methane emissions on site, with a high level of accuracy ( 1kg h).

TotalEnergies is in advanced discussions with some operators of its non operated assets to make this technology available to them and to carry out targeted detection campaigns on these assets.

Emissions reduction is a direct result of an action program at our facilities targeting each specific source of methane (venting, flaring, fugitive emissions and incomplete combus tion) and adapted to the specific features of each asset.

Leading the industry through OGMP 2.0 In its An Eye on Methane report for 2022, the United Nations Environment Pro gramme (UNEP)6 confirmed TotalEnergies’ Gold Standard status.

The framework encourages companies to continue improving their report ing of operated and non operated emissions and focuses on performing on site measure ments to verify that estimates are exhaustive and accurate.

Calculated as a percentage of 100% operated production.

Invited by the Egyptian presidency of the COP 27 climate conference to a discussion on implementing the Global Methane Pledge, Patrick Pouyann called on all Oil Gas companies, national and international, to join the OGMP 2.0 and work toward zero methane emissions.

In light of global demand and the stakes of a just transition, our ambition is to maintain our oil production by 2030.

This requires launch ing new projects to offset the natural decline in field output (see p. 12).

We approve pro jects on the basis of performance criteria, notably technical costs and carbon intensity (see p. 14).

We operate our fields in accord ance with strict requirements concerning safety, emissions reduction and environmen tal impact.

The cash flow generated by these activities helps to accelerate our investments in renewable energies.

In Angola, several additional wells were drilled and brought on stream in 2022.

These short cycle projects make it possible to main tain the level of production of naturally declin ing fields.

They include phases 2 and 3 of Clov and the start up of Begonia on Block 17.

At the same time, emissions reduction projects are being carried out on these assets to keep car bon intensity below 18kgCO2e boe.

In Brazil, we pursued our strategy of investing in low cost, low carbon assets with the Mero field.

A first floating production storage and offloading vessel (FPSO) was commissioned in May 2022, to be followed by three others through 2025.

We are also expanding our off shore presence in the Atapu and S pia fields, with their low cost, low emissions reserves.

In the United Arab Emirates, an agreement was signed in March 2023 to acquire a 20% interest in an offshore concession covering two major fields with a long production pla teau (SARB and Umm Lulu) that also meet our low cost, low emissions criteria.

In Uganda, the Tilenga and EACOP projects were launched in 2022 with a low technical cost and low carbon intensity.

A large scale program to support the neighboring popula tion and preserve biodiversity has also been rolled out (see p. 39).

TotalEnergies focuses its exploration invest ments on oil prospects with low techni cal costs, low greenhouse gas emissions and short lead times.

In particular, it contin ued to assess discoveries made in 2020 on Suriname’s Block 58.

In 2022, TotalEnergies made a significant discovery of light oil with associated gas in the Orange Basin offshore Namibia.

In 2023, the Company is working on appraisal so it can quickly make a decision on production development.

W ith its Green Deal and Fit for 55 legislative package, the European Union has taken practical steps toward achieving its ambition to become the first carbon neutral continent, promoting the development of low carbon vehicles.

These major trends are prompting us to pursue our strategy of reducing our sales of petroleum products by 40% by 2030, so that we do not sell or refine more fuel than we produce oil.

On the flip side, this strategy is leading us to develop actively in new mobilities: in low carbon molecules, we have initiated the conver sion of refineries into biorefineries in Europe.

In hydrogen, we are notably developing a Euro pean network of hydrogen stations for trucks in partnership with Air Liquide.

In Europe, we continued to transform our ser vice stations network into multi energy hubs (with high power charge points and hydrogen, see p. 51) and were more selective in our petroleum product sales.

In March 2023, we announced the sale of our service station net works in Germany and the Netherlands and the creation of a joint venture with Couche Tard to operate our networks in Belgium and Luxembourg.

The Company confirmed that it will stop sell ing fuel oil for power generation by 2025.

In addition to their use as fuel to produce energy, petroleum products are also used as materials or components.

The share of non energy and low emitting uses (petrochemicals and lubricants) in oil consumption will increase as mobility turns to decarbonized solutions such as electricity.

In December 2022, TotalEnergies and Saudi Aramco announced that they intended to jointly invest 11 billion (of which 4 billion in equity, 37.5% financed by TotalEnergies and 62.5% by Saudi Aramco) to develop Amiral, a petrochemicals complex in Saudi Arabia with an ethylene production capacity of 1.65 Mt y.

The project will integrate a steam cracker downstream of the SATORP refinery in Jubail, in which TotalEnergies holds a 37.5% interest alongside Saudi Aramco.

It will capitalize on an existing asset that is both profitable and sustainable (first refinery in the region to obtain ISCC 1 certification) by making it possible to convert products from Saudi crude into high value added polymers at the Jubail industrial park.

Reducing the site’s environmental footprint is a central aspect of the project, with the goal of capping greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and building a wastewater treatment plant that will save up to 8 million cubic meters of water per year.

ISCC cer tification indicates that traceability is ensured from collection of inputs (biomass or waste and residue) to the conversion process, in compliance with the ISCC standard.

To avoid competition for arable land, TotalEnergies is developing solutions based primarily on food industry waste and res idues.

The agricultural feedstock used to make these products complies with sustain ability and traceability requirements concern ing carbon footprint, non deforestation and land use.

E lectrification alone will not be able to meet all decarbonization needs, notably in aviation and heavy industry.

The ener gy transition also requires the development of low carbon energies based on the conver sion of biomass and waste or the production of e fuels using renewable hydrogen and cap tured CO2.

We are developing these new ener gies (biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e fuels).

Over their lifecycle, biofuels emit 50% less CO2e than their fossil equivalents, making them a decarbonization pathway for liquid fuels.

Among biofuels, TotalEnergies is putting a priority on producing sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) to decarbonize the avia tion industry.

Other decarbonization options besides biodiesel are available for road trans portation, notably electricity.

Refuelling truck on the tarmac at Le Bourget (France).

In 2022, we signed an agreement with SARIA to supply the future Grandpuits biore finery with this type of feedstock (see p. 36).

Biogas, produced from the decomposition of organic waste, is a renewable gas consisting primarily of methane.

Compatible with exist ing transportation and storage infrastructure, it has a key role to play in decarbonizing the use of gas products (for power generation and heating).

As with biofuels, the roadblocks to development are the cost and local availability of feedstock.

We are rapidly ramping up in this market, which is essentially local.

After acquiring Fonroche Biogaz in France and creating a joint venture with Clean Energy in the United States in 2021, our biomethane production doubled in 2022 to 0.5 TWh.

The BioB arn biogas plant came on stream in January 2023 with a planned capac ity of 160 GWh per year, making it the largest in France.

Our objective is to have 2 TWh y of biometh ane capacity by 2025 and 20 TWh y by 2030 worldwide.

To get there, we are forming strategic part nerships with the agricultural and wastewa ter treatment sectors to develop growth hubs in France and United States.

The acquisition of Poland’s leading biogas producer PGB, announced in March 2023, should increase TotalEnergies’ capacity to 1.1 TWh y, making it Europe’s second largest biogas producer.

TotalEnergies focuses on decar bonizing the hydrogen used in its European refineries, a move that should reduce CO2 emissions by 3 Mt per year by 2030.

In addi tion to our partnership launched in 2021 at the Normandy refinery, TotalEnergies and Air Liquide signed a partnership agreement in November 2022 to build an innovative, cir cular system at the Grandpuits biorefinery to produce and harness renewable hydrogen (see p. 52).

At La M de, the Masshylia project to produce hydrogen in partnership with Engie is advancing.

Soon, the use of CO2 as a feedstock will make it possible to decarbonize certain transportation sub sectors even more broad ly.

Captured CO2 can be combined with green hydrogen to produce synthetic fuel or gas.

TotalEnergies is staking out a position in this market.

In early 2022, in the United Arab Emirates, the Company joined the initiative of Masdar and Siemens Energy to build a pilot renewable hydrogen plant that will be used to convert CO2 into sustainable aviation fuel (SAF).

TotalEnergies is also developing pilot facilities near its Leuna refinery in Germany to use renewable hydrogen and captured CO2 to make inputs for sustainable aviation fuel.

Industrial symbiosis is an inter company organizational method based on exchanging or pooling resources.

It refers to voluntary collective approaches in a given area to use resources such as water, energy and waste more sustainably or productively.

Operators in the western sector of the Grandpuits refinery.

In September 2022, TotalEnergies also signed a partnership agreement with SAR IA, a European leader in the collection and conversion of organic waste into sustain able products.

This partnership is a major step in securing the supply of used cooking oil and animal fat for SAF production.

It will increase the site’s SAF production capac ity to 210,000 tons per year, or 25% more than forecast when the initial project was announced in 2020.

An advanced plastics recycling unit in part nership with Plastic Energy that will produce feedstock for making polymers and contrib ute to the Company’s objective of producing 1 Mt of circular polymers by 2030.

A unit to produce polylactic acid (PLA), a biodegradable and recyclable bioplastic that also avoids the use of fossil based inputs.

Through its conversion into a zero crude complex, Grandpuits is positioning itself as a forefront example of circularity by integrating several exemplary processes.

A biorefinery that will process more than 75% waste and residue for a second life as biofuel SAF in particular.

In 2022, TotalEnergies and Air Liquide signed a partnership agreement to create a hydrogen production unit with a capacity of more than 20,000 t y, partially renewable thanks to recycling of residual biogas from the biorefinery, which will replace the nat ural gas traditionally used in the process.

The unit will also be delivered with carbon capture technology that will help reduce the facility’s carbon footprint by capturing more than 110 kt of CO2 a year for reuse in food and industrial applications.

The renewa ble, low carbon hydrogen produced will primarily be used by the biorefinery itself to produce sustainable aviation fuel.

The hydrogen could also be used to support sustainable mobility in the Ile de France region.

This realignment of our research and innovation towards new energies points to the Company’s future.

One of the missions of our OneTech seg ment, created in 2021 to meet the Compa ny’s new challenges and mobilize the teams, is to provide solutions for reducing CO2 emis sions and improving the energy efficiency of our projects from the design phase, as well as to accelerate innovation in all our assets.

To that end, OneTech mobilizes integrated teams working on the design, construction and operation of our energy facilities, all the way through to R D, reinforced by the devel opment, testing and deployment of innovative external solutions at our assets to the prob lems raised in our operations.

TotalEnergies’ Digital Factory brings togeth er around 300 developers, data scientists and other digital specialists to develop digital solutions to optimize our industrial resources (environmental impact, availability and costs) and offer new services to customers .

For example, the E digital solution provides a real time estimation of energy consump tion by the different equipment in a drilling rig, along with the related greenhouse gas emissions.

The solution was deployed on the Maersk Voyager 1 in 2020, resulting in fuel sav ings of around 7% and 1,000 tons of reduced CO2 emissions over one year.

Rapid charging for electric vehicles, used notably when traveling over long distances, heats the battery cells, thereby creating a potential safety risk.

To remove this roadblock to widespread EV adoption, our Solaize R D team developed a fluid with SAFT that improves ultra rapid charging and overall safety of the battery pack.

The innovation tapped into our long standing expertise in lubricants, using products that were modified to produce a cooling effect in contact with electrochemical cells and to withstand temperatures exceeding 400 C. These eco designed fluids are non toxic, biodegradable and more energy efficient than traditional products.

This patented solution is already being tested by a worldclass automotive parts manufacturer and gives us a substantial competitive advantage.

Denmark is one of the most advanced countries for decarbonized energies.

In 2022, we teamed up with the Technical University of Denmark (DTU), recognized worldwide for its expertise in renewable energies (specifically floating offshore wind), to create a center of excellence in low carbon energies.

The center will allow us to improve our performance, test tomorrow’s technologies and train our employees.

As from 2023, it will have access to an industrial scale pilot site comprising wind turbines, a solar power plant and batteries for conducting research with DTU on hybrid systems or the integration of renewables in power grids.

Source : Top innovator according to Cipher https: cipher.ai insights energy transition oil and gas .

To close the gap between tight production and very dynamic demand for biofuels, our biofuel teams are developing innovative approaches for chemical kinetics modeling.

The objectives are to improve feedstock selection (e.g.

The first model was deployed at the La M de biorefinery in 2022.

The teams are working on a twin version for our units in Gonfreville, Antwerp and Grandpuits.

In 2022, TotalEnergies also signed a memo randum of understanding with the Ugandan and Tanzanian governments to develop local wind and solar projects to provide power to the local population.

The Tilenga EACOP project is being devel oped in a sensitive social environment and requires the implementation of land acqui sition programs with a strong emphasis on respect for local communities’ rights.

This process, which will lead to the acquisition of 6,400 hectares of land, is being conducted on behalf of the Ugandan and Tanzanian govern ments, and in strict compliance with national legislation, the United Nations Guiding Prin ciples on Business and Human Rights, and with the performance criteria established by the IFC 4.

Special attention is given to pro tecting the most vulnerable persons and women’s rights by ensuring they are pres ent and involved at each critical stage of the process.

Uganda’s Lake Albert region has significant oil resources.

Uganda has made the sover eign decision to develop its resources, and has called on TotalEnergies to operate the Tilenga project and CNOOC to operate the Kingfisher project.

These are major industrial projects for Uganda and Tanzania.

The oil they produce will be transported to the port of Tan ga in Tanzania via a 1,400 kilometer pipeline, built and operated by EACOP 1.

The February 2022 launch materialized the Company’s commitment to responsibly and sustainably develop these projects in a low carbon inten sity manner, to foster a net gain in biodiversi ty and to generate value for the two countries and their local communities.

Civil engineering work started in 2022, and the first drilling rig has already arrived at the Tilenga site.

These projects have raised several questions and have been challenged.

TotalEnergies has answered these questions in full transparency (see p. 40).

The Tilenga project and EACOP pipeline con stitute a hydrocarbon development project, consistent with our strategy of only approv ing new projects if they lower the average carbon intensity of our upstream portfolio (see p. 14).

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators Our Figures For Tilenga: 94% of compensation agreements have been signed and 92% had been paid out as of the end of 2022.

For EACOP: 91% of compensation agreements have been signed and 85% had been paid out as of the end of 2022.

Of the 775 households that have been relo cated, involving approximately 5,000 people, about 97% chose to be rehoused in a newly constructed home nearby.

As of March 1, 2023, 204 houses had been delivered.

Our constant priority is support for the local populations, and action plans have been car ried out to ensure that, once the property has been transferred, we can: Provide temporary support for those affect ed until the household has regained a stable livelihood, which has generally and tradition ally been based on agriculture.

Offer long term support (for a minimum of three years) with three components: Training, mainly in farming related activi ties (specifically to improve crop yields), or to start new activities such as nurseries or bee keeping Support for budget management Developmental assistance to help small businesses diversify their income.

The pro jects have enabled a number of community members to receive new career training as machine operators, plumbers or mechanics, for example.

To ensure that we honor and deliver on these commitments, socio economic monitoring of the population is now underway among the 622 households concerned by construction of the Tilenga industrial zone.

Grievance mechanisms 5 and a complaints tracking register are accessible and fully transparent.

As of December 31, 2022, 1,420 grievances about the Tilenga project had been logged in the register, 93% of which have been resolved.

For EACOP6, 1,130 grievances have been logged and nearly 93% have been resolved.

The regions in which TotalEnergies is oper ating are home to a wealth of environmental and ecological resources, and we are com mitted to not only restoring that environ ment, but to leaving it in better condition than before the project began, with a net gain in biodiversity.

Our first action was to reduce the scope of these projects to limit the footprint on the ter ritory to the strict minimum (see S C 2022 Progress report).

In 2022, we then launched a Net Gain pro gram at Tilenga 7 with the aim of: Reducing human pressures on the Mur chison Falls National Park, by providing equipment and training to Uganda Wildlife.

Protecting the forests’ integrity and connec tivity: 350 hectares of forest corridors have been replanted in collaboration with neigh boring communities, with support from the nonprofit Ecotrust.

Raising community awareness of chimpan zee protection, led by Chimp Sanctuary, an.

The development of oil resources will have a significant impact on the Ugandan and Tanza nian economies.

The Ugandan government, which became a member of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in 2022 (see p. 93), is intending to invest these new revenues in infrastructure development (roads, education, healthcare).

Nearly 80,000 direct and indirect jobs will be created during the project’s construction phase, and three million hours of training will be provided during that time.

Those skills are destined to expand the local job market in the two countries and strengthen the local indus trial infrastructure.

Nearly 2 billion in con tracts will be awarded to local businesses (subcontractors and suppliers).

Over 42,000 direct and indirect jobs will be created during the operation phase.

Our dedicated teams in the field maintain a daily dialogue with communities and local governments to keep them informed and respond to their questions and concerns.

More than 150 public meetings were held with local communities about the Tilenga project in 2022.

At a national level, our teams hold quarterly meetings with NGOs (either individually or through the CSCO ), community representatives and traditional chiefs, to discuss sensitive or ongoing topics (compensation schedules, attention to the most vulnerable groups).

At the international level, discussions have been held with NGOs and investors, as well as French and European political leaders.

In September 2022, the European Parliament adopted a resolution condemning the alleged violation of human rights in connection with the oil projects in Uganda and Tanzania.

TotalEnergies, which was named in the resolution, denounces the fact that it was not approached for a prior discussion and had no opportunity to inform the Parliament that some of its information was factually inaccurate or based on unfounded allegations, some being quite serious.

On September 22, the Company sent and published a letter to that effect to the President of the European Parliament.

East African Crude Oil Pipeline, whose shareholders are TotalEnergies (62%), UNOC (15%), TPDC (15%) and CNOOC (8%).

A fuel used by local communities for their daily needs that causes health problems and deforestation in the country.

Livelihood restoration program based on IFC standards.

Each project at each site has its own grievance mechanism.

Any expression of discontent, by any means and no matter how serious, regarding a specific impact, whether real or perceived, resulting from the affiliate’s activities is considered a grievance.

In Tanzania, 289 grievances have been filed and nearly 85% have been resolved.

Civil Society Coalition on Oil and Gas, a network of 60 Ugandan NGOs working toward sustainable governance of oil resources.

The first challenge posed by climate change is the need to act.

The scientific community has spoken with one voice, notably in the IPPC Sixth Assessment Report published in 2022, in affirming the crucial role played by cumula tive GHG emissions three quarters of which originate in the production or use of energy in heating our planet, and their impact on our environment and communities.

Scientists have reiterated the need to take action to reduce those emissions and collectively reach carbon neutrality.

That requires a sweeping transformation of our energy systems.

The second challenge arises from the speed and distribution of the required effort.

Although it is clear that we must aim for drastic reductions in the world’s use of fossil fuels if we are to curb global warming, there is no single path toward meeting that objec tive.

Multiple viable scenarios are compatible with the goals of the Paris Agreement: acting on demand, reducing emissions, capturing residual emissions.

On one hand, the plan et’s path to net zero, as envisioned in the Paris Agreement, will require a differentiated com mitment by developed and emerging nations and will hinge on whether people accept the pace of the transition.

Every member of civil society must make reducing direct emissions, at a pace compatible with the Paris Agreement’s objectives, a priority. out of sync with demand, triggering inflation and aggravating social inequalities.

Governments, producers and consumers will therefore need to mobilize collectively to ensure the emergence of a planet wide mar ket for decarbonized energy sources.

A final challenge, at the heart of the transi tion, is transparency.

The success of the tran sition will require appropriate, understandable benchmarks so as to communicate a clear picture of a company’s emissions trajectory and progress and provide accurate informa tion to investors, regulators and stakeholders as a whole.

IEA 2022, CO2 emissions (https: www.iea.org reports co2 emis sions in 2022).

Mahakam Delta, mangroves with livestock plots (Indonesia).

The reality is that fossil fuels still comprise 81% of the world’s current energy mix, and global energy related CO2 emissions continue to rise, climbing to 36.8 Gt CO2 in 2022 1.

Cooperation is the third challenge we face, in order to tackle those tasks.

Every member of civil society must make reducing its direct emissions (Scope 1 2) a priority.

CO2 emissions reductions and the energy transition are not just a matter of energy supply they require action on demand, as energy is an essential good for both consumers (since it affects their standard of living) and businesses (since it affects their competitiveness).

Emissions connected with our operated facilities have fallen by more than 13% since 2015.

That figure includes 7 million tons of emissions from our CCGT plants, pursuant to our new strategy of flexible power generation capacity the emissions reduction for operat ed oil and gas activities is actually closer to 30%.

Scope 3 indirect emissions associated with customer use of our products have declined since 2015.

For the use of petroleum products specifically, the decline was more than 27%.

The carbon intensity indicator for the energy products we sell has dropped 12% since 2015, making TotalEnergies the leader among our peers in decarbonizing our energy mix.

From energy products used by our customers (GHG Protocol Category 11).

R educing both the GHG emissions at our operated facilities (Scope 1 2) and the life cycle carbon intensity of the energy products we sell are key to our ambition to sup ply more energy while curbing GHG emissions.

Our objective of cutting net Scope 1 2 emis sions from our operated activities by 40% is consistent with the target reductions in the European Union’s Fit for 55 program (a 37% decrease between 2015 and 2030) and the IEA’s 2022 Net Zero Emissions scenario (a 35% decrease between 2015 and 2030).

Based on IEA WEO 2022 global CO2 emissions from energy combustion and industrial processes.

Excluding Covid impact in 2020 and 2021 for TotalEnergies’ GHG emissions.

TotalEnergies’ lifecycle carbon intensity and the change in carbon intensity of the world’s energy, calculated as the ratio of the world’s CO2 emissions from fossil fuels (in Mt CO2) to the total primary energy supply in the IEA’s World Energy Outlook 2022.

A replacement factor of 2.63 (38%) is used to obtain a fossil equivalent for the renewable power generation (wind, solar and hydroelectric) modeled in those scena rios for purposes of comparison with TotalEnergies’ lifecycle carbon intensity.

Investors increasingly expect companies to 1. disclose their GHG emissions, 2. set short term ( 2030) and 3. long term (2050) emissions reduction targets and 4. devel op a decarbonization strategy to meet those targets.

In 2022, the NGO Transition Pathway Initi ative evaluated TotalEnergies and awarded the Company its highest score for its efforts in managing both its emissions and transi tion related risks and opportunities.

TPI con firmed, as it had in 2021, that the Company’s long term objectives were sufficiently ambi tious to achieve Net Zero by 2050 and remain aligned with their 1.5 C criterion.

That same analysis was used by CA100 , a coalition of investors, to conclude that the long term ambition set by TotalEnergies was aligned with the objective of capping the glob al temperature rise at 1.5 C.

Oil gas peers Shell, BP, ExxonMobil, Chevron, Equinor, Eni, Repsol (data at December 31, 2022).

I n early 2019, TotalEnergies made public our aim to reduce our net Scope 1 2 emissions from our operated activities by at least 40% from 2015 levels.

In 2022, GHG emissions from our operated assets were 13% lower than in 2015, stand ing at close to 40 million tons of CO2e.

Our objectives include emissions generated by the growth strategy in electricity we have pursued since 2015, which has prompted us to create a flexible power generation portfolio of CCGT plants.

Across the 2015 scope of our oil and gas activ ities, emissions from our operated assets fell by more than 29% from 2015 levels, dropping from 46 to 33 Mt CO2e in 2022.

In 2022, with more than 110 GHG emissions reduction projects coming to fruition, we reduced our emissions by 0.8 million tons of CO2e across our operated assets.

Examples of our emissions reduction projects in 2022: Upstream: Emissions reduced by about 70 kt CO2e annually thanks to improvements in gas turbine efficiency and refinements to water injection pumps in Angola (Block 17).

Refining: Emissions reduced by about 200 kt CO2e annually through improvements in energy use and recovery (Normandy, Ant werp).

Curbing routine flaring is a priority for reducing CO2 and methane emissions.

In 2000 TotalEnergies committed to discontinuing routine flaring on our new projects.

As a founding member of the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative since 2014, the Company has pledged to end the practice altogether by 2030, and our goal is to reduce flaring to less than 0.1 million cubic meters per day by 2025.

The volume of routine flaring fell from 0.7 Mm3 day in 2021 to 0.5 Mm3 day in 2022 a 93% reduction from 2010 levels.

Total flaring, including safety flaring as well as routine and non routine flaring, fell 7% in 2022 from the previous year.

Example of our reduction projects in 2022: Flaring was cut at Italy’s Tempa Rossa field by 32,000 tons of CO2e thanks to changes in fluid export and separation processes.

Thanks to that plan, we are accelerating our target emissions reduction for 2025 by 2 Mt CO2e annually: our new 2025 objective is to reduce Scope 1 2 emissions at our operat ed facilities to less than 38 Mt CO2e.

Our 2030 objective remains unchanged at 40% in 2030 compared to 2015, net of 5 10 Mt of natural carbon sinks.

To reach our objective for 2030, we are mobi lizing every tool at our disposal to prevent and reduce emissions from our operations.

Compensation from natural carbon sinks will begin in 2030, to offset residual emissions in pursuit of our objective.

Our objective of a 40% reduction in net emis sions of from Scopes 1 and 2 is in line with the reduction target of the European Union’s Fit for 55 program ( 37% between 2030 and 2015) and the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions 2022 ( 35% between 2015 and 2030).

Normandy Refinery in Gonfreville l’Orcher (France).

G enerating energy savings in our operations yields dividends in sever al ways: we contribute to the collec tive campaign for energy efficiency, we help to reduce our carbon emissions and we lower our costs. ness sector has developed a plan to accel erate its energy savings, with more than 150 initiatives logged at Exploration Production, over 200 projects at Refining Chemicals and more than 30 initiatives at Marketing Servic es and Gas, Renewables Power.

In September 2022, TotalEnergies launched a plan to accelerate our energy efficiency gains at our operated sites worldwide.

To that end, we will be investing 1 billion in 2023 and 2024 in efforts to further reduce our energy use.

This plan, centered on four key pathways and led by OneTech, will support the measures adopted over the past several years within the Company’s operating segments.

Solar panels on the roof of a service station in Ressons (France).

Changes to surface infrastructure Exploit reservoir energy Re routing of process utility fluids to optimize energy used.

Solve piping vibration issues impacting process conditions.

Flare InfraRed camera: flame analysis to reduce steam consumption at flare Digital tool to detect process leaks to flare systems Real time monitoring of CO2 and energy use.

Cross branch network for sharing good practices led by OneTech.

Refining Chemicals CO2 Energy Club RC: network of energy coordinators process engineers supported by OneTech experts.

Exploration Production Energy Management System implementation in operated assets.

Growth in electricity will drive more than half the reduction in our lifecycle carbon intensi ty between 2015 and 2030.

Another factor will be reduced sales of petroleum products coupled with an increase in gas (and specifi cally LNG) production and sales of products derived from biomass.

Lastly, carbon sinks and lower emissions from our facilities will each account for about 5% of the reduction in carbon intensity.

TotalEnergies is positioning itself for the world’s future energy supply and fulfilling its ambition of being a major force in the energy transition.

The lifecycle carbon intensity of energy prod ucts sold divides emissions over a product’s lifecycle by the total quantity of energy sold 1.

The indicator accounts for the impact of our multi energy transformation and our investments in low carbon energies.

Thus, it reflects our progress in decarbonizing the energy mix of our sales and helping our cus tomers reduce their emissions.

Based on our progress in 2022, we have decid ed to raise our objectives and are now aiming to reduce carbon intensity by more than 15% in 2025 and 25% in 2030, instead of the 10% and 20% targets that we had previously set.

Our new target reduction in lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold.

The emissions associated with the various points on the value chains are not meant to be aggregated, given the integrated nature of our operations.

U nder Scope 3, we report emissions corresponding to Category 11 of the GHG Protocol, Use of Sold Products .

To avoid double counting and omissions, and in accordance with the petroleum industry reporting guidelines published by ipieca 3, the emissions counted are based on the largest volume in each value chain (oil, gas or bio fuels), i.e., the higher of production or sales.

In 2022, the calculation of Category 11 Scope 3 GHG emissions took into account sales of oil and biofuels (higher than production) and pro duction of gas (higher than sales).

Category 11 Scope 3 emissions for electricity are zero.

Under Scope 3, TotalEnergies has since 2016 reported Category 11 emissions related to the use by its customers of products sold for final use in other words, the emissions released when those products are burned to obtain energy, because customer use of these prod ucts constitutes the bulk of an energy compa ny’s Scope 3 emissions.

This year, we are publishing, for the first time, an estimate 4 of indirect emissions related to the other Scope 3 categories, in accordance with the classification used by the GHG Pro tocol and ipieca.

Beyond our objectives for Category 11 emissions, we are implementing action plans to reduce emissions 4 in each of the other categories (see p. 92).

Petroleum products including bulk sales from refining and biomass and natural gas, excluding minority interests in listed companies.

Excluding the impact of Covid 19, in the first half of 2022.

Explanations concerning the methodologies used to establish these estimates are provided in Climate Indicators at the end of this report.

Cradle to gate emissions from purchases of goods and services, excluding those reported in category 2 or 4.

Calculated with the sum of purchases (excluding energy products resold) multiplied by specific monetary ratios, as well as 20 Mt CO2e relating to purchases of oil and petroleum products (net of the Company’s production) and medium and long term LNG supply contracts.

T ransportation and shipping accounted for about 25% of the world’s energy related CO2 emissions in 2021 1.

So decarbonizing mobility represents a major challenge.

We are progressively adapting our downstream refining and distribution of petroleum prod ucts, which now account for a much smaller share of the energy mix we sell.

Scope 3 cate gory 11 emissions from the Company’s oil val ue chain fell by more than 25% over 2015 2022.

On the strength of that trend, we are accel erating our targets: we have now set 2025, rather than the previous date of 2030, as our target date for reducing our Scope 3 oil emis sions by 30% in absolute terms from 2015 levels, and for 2030 we have increased our target reduction to 40%.

Accounting for 19% of the world’s energy related CO2 emissions, road transportation is far and away the highest emitting form of mobility.

TotalEnergies supports policies to reduce vehicle emissions.

That’s why we offer solutions for our customers that are designed to spur the adoption of electric mobility: We are deploying charging infrastructure, with a network that boasts more than 42,000 operated charge points (a 65% increase over 2021) and a target of 150,000 charge points worldwide.

We are upgrading services, offering high power charging solutions along major highways (more than 160 in Germany, Bene lux and France in 2022).

Our goal is to equip 700 sites in Europe with high power charge points by 2025.

We are producing batteries for electric vehi cles: construction began on the ACC giga factory in northern France during 2022, in partnership with Stellantis and Mercedes Benz.

Sales of NGV fuel (derived from natural gas or biogas) and biofuels can reduce GHG emis sions from the existing automotive fleet until electric vehicles gain a broader market share.

Thanks to our biorefineries in Europe, we can offer our customers hydrogenated vegetable oil (HVO 2), a 100% bio based biodiesel that can reduce carbon emissions by 50% to 90% over a conventional fuel.

For the first time in the event’s history, all of the 62 cars in competition at this year’s 90th edition of the 24 Hours Le Mans race were using a fully sustainable biofuel developed and supplied by TotalEnergies Excellium Racing 100.

This alternative to conventional fuels reduces greenhouse gas emissions by at least 65% compared to its fossil fuel equivalent.

Leader in mobility electrification in France, with charge points installed at nearly 40% of highway service areas.

IEA Transport overview 2022 https: www.iea.org reports trans port and IEA CO2 emissions.2.

Belgium’s Flemish government has chosen TotalEnergies to install up to 4,400 public charge points over the next two years.

The new charging stations will be operated for a period of twelve years and powered by 100% renewable electricity generated by offshore wind power in the North Sea off the Belgian coast.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators In 2022, TotalEnergies distributed 3.3 Mt of biofuels, and hopes aims to exceed 15 Mt by 2030.

The Company is also promoting growth in low carbon hydrogen as a mobility solution, particularly for trucks.

In 2022 we continued to provide backing to Hysetco, a company that is promoting hydrogen based urban mobility through a taxi fleet and network of dedicated charging stations.

In February 2023, TotalEnergies and Air Liquide decided to form a joint venture to develop a network of more than 100 hydrogen stations for heavy duty vehicles on major European routes.

Air transportation is responsible for 2% of the world’s energy related CO2 emissions and is one of the most difficult sectors to decar bonize.

Nonetheless, in October 2022 the members of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) pledged to achieve net zero emissions by 2050.

The adoption of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAFs) represents one of the biggest tools in the sector’s arsenal for decarbonizing the aviation industry.

SAFs can reduce car bon emissions by up to 90% over their entire lifecycle 3.

The idea is to achieve economies of scale in the sector so as to reduce costs and boost adoption of this sustainable solution by our customers.

Production of SAF came on stream at the Normandy complex in France.

TotalEnergies signed a memorandum of understanding with Air France KLM to deliver more than 800,000 tons of SAF over the ten year period from 2023.

The fuel will be produced in our biorefineries in France for flights departing from France and the Netherlands.

Two technical partnerships: in United Arab Emirates TotalEnergies joined with Masdar and Siemens Energy to provide its energy expertise for SAF production.

In Japan, TotalEnergies partnered with ENEOS in April 2022 to develop an SAF supply chain for the ENEOS refinery in Negishi by 2025.

The shipping industry, which generates nearly 3% of the world’s energy related CO2 emis sions, according to the IEA, has already moved aggressively to shrink its carbon footprint, notably via International Maritime Organiza tion (IMO) rules aimed at halving emissions from shipping by 2050 (from 2008 levels).

To help its maritime customers reduce their emissions, TotalEnergies has pledged to sup ply LNG 4 (10% global market share target in 2030), bio LNG and biofuels to strategic bun kering hubs.

Of which GHG emissions from combustion are around 40% lower in relation to a typical heavy fuel oil.

In January, TotalEnergies and its partner CMA CGM completed the first ship to containership LNG bunkering operation at the Port of Marseille Fos.

In July, TotalEnergies successfully bunkered the Montoir, a CMA CGM container vessel, with sustainable marine biofuel in Singapore.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators Given the positive role played by natural gas, TotalEnergies is aiming to increase its share of the sales mix by 2030, and has made the deci sion not to set a gas Scope 3 reduction target.

When a coal fired power station is replaced by a gas fired power station, GHG emissions fall, whereas TotalEnergies’ gas Scope 3 increases.

For the first time, we have decided to estimate the potential reductions in GHGs to which our 2022 sales of LNG may have contributed.

To do that, we identified the likely competing source of flexible power generation for each LNG receiving country.

Case 1: An electricity producer uses coal as fuel for power generation.

Case 2: The electricity producer switches from coal to natural gas as fuel for power generation.

G as fired power plants are a flexi ble resource for power generation and can be mobilized quickly as a result, they offer a secure backup for grids designed to be powered increasingly by inter mittent renewable sources.

Gas fired plants discharge half the greenhouse gases of the coal powered plants that still, in some coun tries, account for the majority of power gen eration capacity.

Natural gas can also replace coal or fuel oil for other applications, such as generating heat for industry or homes.

Ninety nine percent of our LNG sales are made in countries that are aiming for net zero emissions.

A large percentage of the natu ral gas we sell goes to the electricity indus try, where it usually competes with coal and fuel oil to provide marginal capacity for power generation.

When our customers’ end use and the alterna tive source could be identified, we calculated the difference in emissions between the alter native fuel (fuel oil or coal) and natural gas, using each country’s emission factors associ ated with power generation from those sourc es, based on published IEA 1 data.

For countries where the end use of the LNG we sell could not be identified, we applied that method to our sales weighted by the share of local gas consumption that goes to power generation.

We estimate that our customers’ use of LNG has enabled emissions reduc tion by about 70 MtCO2e.

Except for France, where the emission factors published by RTE France were used.

Induced Emissions Reductions (t CO2e) LNG sales (t).

TotalEnergies is helping Saint Gobain reduce its environmental impact.

With its signing of a ten year power purchase agreement (PPA) covering 145 sites in North America, Saint Gobain will be able to slash its CO2 emissions by 210,000 tons annually.

In early 2023 we marked a milestone, having signed PPAs totaling 1 GW and covering more than 500 sites operated by our B2B customers.

In 2022 TotalEnergies and Holcim signed a memorandum of understanding to jointly study the complete decarbonization of a Holcim cement plant in Obourg, Belgium, that is currently being modernized.

The partners will be evaluating an array of energies and technology with the aim of preventing, reducing, capturing, storing and efficiently recycling the 1.1 million tons of CO2 that the site emits each year.

TotalEnergies is developing floating solar panels to supply the site with decarbonized power, and will deliver the captured CO2 to a geological storage site in the North Sea.

The potential for recovering some of the CO2 to produce e fuels will be studied as well.

A s a producer of renewable power, bio gas and biofuels, a supplier of natu ral gas and electricity and a leader in electric mobility, we are also helping our customers reduce their energy use with our customized solutions, and developing CO2 storage solutions for our industrial custom ers.

Established in 2022, TotalEnergiesOneB2B Solutions boasts more than thirty experts who assist our largest customers across nearly a dozen industries in fulfilling their ambitions for the energy transition, thanks to solutions tailored to their needs.

C arbon capture and storage, or CCS, refers to an industrial and commer cial process that involves capturing CO2, collecting it from industrial sites known as carbon hubs, transporting it via ship or pipeline and storing it under the ground.

Saline aquifers 1 and former oil and gas reservoirs offer a safe and permanent means of seques tering carbon.

Under the IEA’s NZE scenario, the world will still be consuming oil and gas in 2050 consequently, the need for CCS has been assessed at 6 billion tons of CO2 annually by 2050, compared to a current global volume of about 40 million tons captured per year.

The emerging CCS value chains require immediate investment if they are to be viable and bring carbon neutrality within reach.

We are making that investment, to reduce emissions from our facilities and those of our customers.

Our objective for 2030 is to store more than 10 Mt CO2 per year on an equity share basis.

About 100m was invested in 2022, and we plan to increase these investments to 300m annually in order to reach our objectives.

In Europe, the North Sea has the potential to become a major CCS hub thanks to dedicated funding from the European Union (the Innova tion Fund the Connecting European Facility, or CEF) and a higher price for carbon in the EMS ( 80 t CO2 as of December 31, 2022), as well as backing from neighboring countries: Denmark is allocating 2.5 billion to CCUS projects in 2022 and 2023, while the Unit ed Kingdom is strengthening its regulatory framework for commercial CCS and boosting its financial support, with a package of 20 billion over 20 years.

Moreover, Norway, the U.K. and Denmark have each launched a ten der process to award exploration licenses for CO2 storage.

We are developing multiple CCS projects in that region, where we can capitalize on this favorable regulatory climate.

In 2022 our first commercial project, Northern Lights (see sidebar), reached an advanced stage of con struction: drilling is currently underway and work has begun on the receiving terminal for CO2 and transport vessels.

Saline aquifers used for CO2 storage are geological formations containing sandstone and highly salinated water that is unfit for consumption or agricultural use, overlaid by impermeable rock that allows the permanent containment of CO2.

In August 2022, TotalEnergies and its partners signed the world’s first commercial agreement for the transport and storage of CO2 with Yara, an ammonia and fertilizer producer.

Under the agreement, 800,000 tons of CO2 will be captured at the plant every year, and transported to the Northern Lights site for permanent storage.

The Northern Lights CO2 receiving, storage and pumping terminal, now under construction in ygarden, (Norway).

In May 2022 we finalized an agreement with Sempra Infrastructure, Mitsui Co., Ltd. and Mitsubishi Corporation to develop the Hackberry Carbon Sequestration (HCS) project at Cameron LNG, a natural gas liquefaction terminal in the US state of Louisiana.

The project will provide permanent storage of up to 2 million tons of CO2 annually in a saline aquifer.

In addition to Northern Lights, we are develop ing several CCS projects that all provide a new use for TotalEnergies operated oil and gas installations at the end of their working life and their offshore facilities.

Aramis Project, The Netherlands This project developed in the Netherlands by TotalEnergies alongside Shell, Energie Beheer Nederland (EBN) and Gasunie will offer large scale, flexible carbon transpor tation services and open access to offshore carbon storage capacity as a decarbonization solution for industry.

Conceptual engineering for phase 1 of the project was completed in 2022 the partners are aiming for a final investment decision in late 2024, with carbon storage beginning in 2027.

The project is targeting storage of 5 Mt CO2 annually in its two initial phases, with potential annual storage capacity exceeding 8 Mt CO2 by 2030.

Is the target for annual carbon storage in Company share, by 2030.

Cameron LNG liquefaction terminal, next to Lake Charles, Louisiana, (US).

Bifrost Project, Denmark Bifrost is a CCS project to develop infrastruc ture that will link European industrial hubs with offshore storage in the North Sea.

In partnership with Denmark’s state owned Nords fonden, TotalEnergies obtained two licenses in early 2023 encompassing the Har ald natural gas fields we currently operate and a saline aquifer, to explore the area’s CO2 storage potential.

TotalEnergies will operate under those licenses and plans to develop a project totaling more than 5 Mt CO2 year, sourced from Denmark as well as Germany, Sweden and Poland.

CCS is also an important tool for reducing emissions at our facilities, whether we are operator or partner.

Those projects span both upstream (native CO2 capture and storage in Papua New Guinea and at Ichthys LNG) and downstream, with studies underway for our Normandy, Antwerp and Leuna refineries.

We are investing in forestry, regenerative agriculture and wetlands protection projects.

F orest preservation and restoration can be instrumental in achieving net zero emissions worldwide by 2050.

The Par is Agreement encourages these solutions as a way to meet climate change mitigation tar gets, as well as the related market mecha nisms for carbon credit trading.

The COPs in Glasgow (2021) and Sharm El Sheikh (2022) yielded progress toward that goal, with the adoption of rules for implementation of Arti cle 6 of the Paris Agreement and the appoint ment of the supervisory body envisioned in Article 6.4. stressing the need to manage risks that have adverse effects on people or the environment.

We are backing the efforts underway to cre ate a climate of trust that addresses those legitimate concerns and ultimately yields a robust and reputable voluntary credit system, one that boosts public and private funding to ensure that projects beneficial to the climate, people and diversity can be developed at the appropriate scale.

That is one of the challeng es facing COP 28, to be held in the United Arab Emirates.

Nonetheless, the ongoing enhancements to the framework for meeting that goal raise some complex issues.

We have embarked on a fundamental transfor mation of our Company in which our priority is to avoid and reduce emissions.

Peruvian forest. its residual emissions via NBS (Nature Based Solutions) carbon credits, which will contin ue gradually until 2050, and will offset only its Scope 1 2 residual emissions, amounting to about 10% of the Company’s global footprint.

To that end, we are investing in forestry, regen erative agriculture and wetlands protection pro jects.

Our strategy consists of combining and balancing the value of people’s financial reve nue from agriculture and forestry and the val ue of the benefits to soil, biodiversity, the water cycle and the production of carbon credits.

When that approach is successful, the local standard of living improves and degradation of the land diminishes as do emissions.

This search for balance among different practices makes a just transition possible.

In 2022, TotalEnergies forged new partner ships and agreements with recognized stake holders in Gabon, Peru, Southeast Asia and Guatemala.

At year end, our stock of credits stood at just under 7 million.

We have budg eted 100 million annually for these projects, and the cumulative budget pledged for all of these campaigns amounts to nearly 675 mil lion over their lifespan, with the accumulated credits expected to total 45 million in 2030 and 69 million over the lifespan of the projects.

The final tally of credits obtained will be determined once the projects have been completed.

O ur Scope 1 2 emissions based on equity share amounted to 56 Mt CO2e in 2022.

Half of those emissions are attributable to our interests in sites we operate the balance is from our interests in sites oper ated by our partners.

To that end, TotalEnergies shares its CCS exper tise with its partners, as can be seen in its alliance with Sempra Infrastructures, which operates the Cameron LNG natural gas lique faction plant (see p. 56).

At Exploration Production, a dedicat ed team is tasked with sharing best practic es with our partners at non operated assets, such as deploying a decarbonization roadm ap that includes an energy assessment, elim inating methane venting and routine flaring, and improving energy efficiency, particularly for gas turbines and compressors.

We use the projects conducted at our operated sites to illustrate ways our partners can reduce their Scope 1 2 emissions and encourage uptake.

Carbon capture and storage is also an important tool for reducing direct emissions.

TotalEnergies works with its partners at each non operated site on methane emissions reduction, promoting the goal of zero meth ane by 2030 and implementing the OGMP 2.0 reporting framework.

We share feedback and best practices with our partners, via the Meth ane Guiding Principles and other resources.

TotalEnergies is also a founding member of the Oil Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI), whose twelve members have collectively met the goal of reducing the methane intensity of their operations significantly below 0.2%.

The organization is promoting the Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions initiative, which seeks drastic reductions in methane emissions by 2030 across the entire oil and gas industry (see p. 30).

Achieve zero routine flaring by 2030 and less than 0.1 Mm3 d.

Develop a CCS capacity of 10 Mt y by 2030 4. by 2025.

Invest 100 million a year to develop natural carbon sink.

Decarbonize our electricity purchases in Europe and the United capacity of 5 to 10 Mt y by 2030.

Reduce emissions by 80% by 2030 (compared to 2020).

Methane intensity of operated gas installations below 0.1%.

Rank among the top 5 producers of renewable electricity.

Achieve the same customer recognition in electric mobility tomorrow as we have in fuel retailing today.

Focus on projects with low emissions and low technical costs.

Set the standard in the reduction of oil chain emissions.

Cement our position among the top 3 in LNG. Set the standard in the reduction of gas chain emissions.

Develop production of biofuels and biogas with a 10% share of exceeding 10 Mt year by 20304. the global SAF market in 2030.

Produce one million tons of clean H2 e fuels by 2030.

Forge partnerships with our top 1000 suppliers to reduce emissions from our purchasing.

Indirect GHG emissions related to the use by customers of energy products sold.

Overall capacity that includes storage for our facilities as well as the storage offer for our customers.

Promote a circular economy approach in the use of biomass and plastics.

Develop a carbon storage offer for our customers with capacity.

The 2015 Paris Agreement has generated a groundswell of awareness about the cli mate challenges and the imperative to take action into account the requirements of a just transition.

The ILO’s guidelines for a just transition towards environmentally sustainable econ omies and societies for all emphasize that economic actors must go beyond this single field to integrate social and environmental concerns into their activities.

Thus, attention to people is highlighted as a key element, cov ering multiple dimensions: safety, respect for human rights or individual fulfillment.

As a major player in the energy world, TotalEnergies aims to be a leading name as a responsible employer and operator.

Safety and respect for each other are the two core values of TotalEnergies.

We make every effort to ensure that everyone, whether our employee or an employee of our contractors, is able to return home safely at the end of their workday.

Their engage ment and skills are the main drivers of our long term performance.

Promoting their well being, an inclusive corporate culture and an environment that encourages the expres sion and development of everyone’s potential is essential to achieving this transition while leaving no one behind.

Listening to stakeholders is an essential part of the just transition.

It allows us to better understand society’s expectations, which are affected by the geopolitical context, the fear of inflation or the rise in social inequalities, and to direct our actions towards paying greater attention to people’s well being.

Respect for each other includes respect for human rights, in the workplace, in relations with host communities and in contexts where security is an issue.

We apply best practices in this regard, based on the United Nations Guiding Principles, among others.

Operator in front of the La M de biorefinery, making the symbole of the Company’s safety program (France).

S afety is more than a priority at TotalEnergies it is a core value on which we will not compromise for any reason.

Everyone who works at our sites must be able to return home safe and sound at the end of their workday.

The Company has set a goal of zero fatalities and is aiming for ongoing reductions in the number of accidents.

Sadly, we recorded three accident related fatalities in 2022 among contractor staff.

An analysis of these cases led to specific action plans (see below).

Our action plans to prevent fatal accidents are based on long term work to continuously adapt and systematically implement our two global programs in the field: Our Lives First and the Golden Rules.

This indispensable fundamental work is sup plemented by specific action plans resulting from investigations carried out when new events occur.

BURKINA FASO April 27, 2022 Kader was electrocuted in a service station when his rolling scaffold got close to an overhead medium voltage power line during rebranding work.

Action plan For all service stations and sites with overhead power lines: Isolate the power line with the grid manager before starting any work nearby.

Ensure a minimal lateral safety distance with dedicated surveillance.

ARGENTINA August 10, 2022 Florentin was buried in a landslide when he was removing rubble from a quarry with a loading shovel.

Action plan Control the application of the prohibition that a worker be alone on an remote site.

FRANCE September 23, 2022 Alvin was killed when his tanker truck overturned on a motorway.

Action plan Deploy the best and most recent technologies worldwide by end 2024: Lane departure warning system Advanced fatigue and distraction detection.

Adapting our 12 Golden Rules Concerning occupational safety, our 12 Gold en Rules apply to all TotalEnergies employ ees and contractors.

They are a key tool for achieving our safety objectives.

In 2022, the Golden Rules were revised to inte grate feedback from recent accidents in the Company and the industry.

The number of injuries per million hours worked (TRIR) for Company employees and contractors has improved regularly for many years.

Total recordable injury rate per million hours worked.

Two new Golden Rules were added: Hot work (risk of fire or explosion) Line of fire (risk when a person is directly in the path of a hazard).

This revision was a key theme at our World Safety Day on April 29, 2022, which brought together all Company employees and contrac tors at our operated sites.

After this launch, the revised Golden Rules were deployed in the second half of 2022 at all sites.

Preventing major accidents and accidental pollution We track the number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 losses of primary containment, as defined by indus try standards.

The prevention policy we imple mented based on managing technical integrity and operating excellence has resulted in a four fold decrease since 2015.

The figure for 2022 (48) is a significant improvement over 2021 (77).

The Company did not experience any major industrial accidents in 2022.

An indicator of the number of losses of primary containment as defined in the API and IGOP standards (excluding acts of sabotage and theft), Tier 1 incidents being those that may have the most serious consequences.

Worldwide deployment of the Our Lives First program The Our Lives First program was expanded in 2022.

Life Saving Checks: Based on an analysis of past accidents, five activities were identi fied as generating the highest risk, with the potential for a fatal accident: work at height, work on powered systems, hot work, lift ing operations and work in confined spac es.

Safety checklists have been drafted for these activities to check that work is carried out correctly in the field, in compliance with the safety rules.

Joint Safety Tours: Front line presence and safety dialogue have been enhanced to promote a shared safety culture.

Joint safety tours with TotalEnergies senior man agement and contractor partners are held in addition to daily visits from local manage ment.

Safety Green Light: The goal is to ensure that the intervening teams understand the risks involved, notably of a fatal accident, before starting work.

The team goes through a ritual of questions, signed off by each team member, as part of the work permit process.

R espect for each other is a core value at TotalEnergies, at the heart of our collective ethics and Code of Con duct.

The Code of Conduct applies to all our employees, as well as our suppliers and contractors.

Respect for each other means respect for human rights, which are non ne gotiable in our operations around the world.

It is also a collective and individual requirement.

Our salient risks of impacting human rights remain unchanged from 2021.

Compliance with international standards and principles: Universal Declaration of Human Rights, United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights,.

Fundamental Conventions of the ILO, Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR),.

We take action against all forms of discrim ination, forced labor and child labor ensure good quality working conditions and decent wages and require the same of our suppliers in their operations (see p. 92).

In the field, we emphasize training to explain, anticipate and prevent human rights risks.

More than 2,050 employees participated in classroom training in 2022.

In all, 35,700 employees have taken part in the online human rights in the workplace training module since it was introduced in 2019.

We are also engaged in conducting exter nal audits of our affiliates using the con sulting firm Good Corporation.

In 2022, five assessments were conducted in four coun tries (Mexico, Argentina, India and Qatar) by this consultant, and 200 supplier audits were also performed.

Half of such supplier audits required corrective action plans which are ongoing.

In 2022, we joined the International Labour Organization’s Child Labour Platform, a multi sector initiative to combat child labor.

In our project development process, we conduct specific due diligence as soon as studies begin to identify the potential negative impacts of our activities on local communities, as well as appropriate remediation plans, in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

When security contractors or government forces in charge of protecting our employees and installations have to intervene, we make sure they have been vetted individually and received adequate training.

We also perform analyses each year to assess the security risks at our sites.

In March 2022, we published our Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) report for 2021.

In Mozambique, Uganda and Papua New Guin ea, we continued to provide VPHSR training.

The Risk Committee analyzes project impacts before investment decisions are made and can alert the Company to the need to adjust the project with regard to human rights chal lenges.

We comply with our Charter Regarding Indigenous and Tribal Peoples issued in 2012.

In 2022, we published a Human Rights Impact Assessment (HRIA) for the Tilenga project in Uganda.

Updates to the Human Rights Due Diligences (HRDD) for Mozambique LNG, including a conflict sensitivity analysis, and for EACOP, have been performed.

We are setting up mechanisms to manage grievances in our affiliates.

We maintain reg ular dialogue with our stakeholders, including human rights defenders NGOs who help us identify actions in the field, and we make sure to involve them in the pre project stages.

We bring in independent third party experts for complex situations.

In Papua New Guinea, for example, a panel of independent experts was formed in 2022 to advise us on dialogue with local communities and other issues.

The Company’s Ethics Committee reports directly to the Chairman and CEO and oversees a network of more than 100 Ethics Officers.

It maintains a system for reporting situations or behavior that violate the Code of Conduct, including a grievance reporting mechanism (at ethics totalenergies.com).

Our affiliates’ human rights representatives, most of whom are Ethics Officers in our host countries or dedicated Human Rights correspondents depending on the project, who are in contact with local populations and are active in the field.

The Human Rights Department of the Sustainability and Climate direction, reporting to the President Strategy and Sustainability, who sits on the Executive Committee the department interacts with the Risk Committee and the Ethics Committee.

The Human Rights Department leads a quarterly steering committee meeting attended by representatives from each Business Segment and from cross business functions such as Human Resources, Security and Social Engagement.

It organizes a monthly review with each of these Business Segments and functions to ensure, among other things, that specific due diligences are performed as soon as a project or new activity requires, as outlined in our Human Rights Guide published in 2015.

The project led by Mozambique LNG in the Cabo Delgado region was suspended due to force majeure in April 2021 after insurrections and armed conflict in the region which caused a humanitarian crisis.

In 2022, as tensions subsided somewhat, the teams were able to re establish contact with local communities, NGOs, civil society organizations, the government and the National Human Rights Commission, a key partner.

Mozambique LNG, backed by local NGOs, has initiated a number of projects for the local population, including booths equipped with solar panels for micro shops, agricultural and fish farming activities, micro loans for opening a business (see p. 90).

In December 2022, TotalEnergies entrusted Jean Christophe Ruffin, a French doctor, writer and diplomat, with an independent mission to assess the humanitarian and human rights situation in Cabo Delgado province.

Following the coup of February 1, 2021 in Myanmar, we decided on January 21, 2022 to withdraw from the country, effective in July 2022.

We studied the withdrawal’s impact on the human rights of our employees and local communities located near the export gas pipeline to Thailand, as well as the human rights of our contractors’ employees.

We set up a counseling hotline and a specific grievance management system among other things to support our employees.

PTTEP, our Thai partner in the Yadana field, is the new operator.

We negotiated an agreement with PTTEP in which it pledged to take on virtually all of our employees without changing the terms of their contracts and to continue a social engagement program benefiting local communities to which we contributed.

As part of a commitment made in 2021, we donated 25.3 million to humanitarian organizations working with the local population.

Fishing center, solar kiosk and small retail shop in Mozambique.

O ur employees are at the heart of our performance and their engagement is essential to the success of our transformation.

Our Better Together program brings together a set of measures to make the Company a good place to work together and to lead to a just transition.

We believe that listening to our stakeholders is an essential part of the just transition, and this is achieved through social dialogue and participatory approaches (see p. 85).

In this survey, we assess the level of employee engagement through seven specific questions formulated by Ipsos.

The engagement score was seven points higher than the benchmark made up of companies with more than 10,000 employees worldwide.

Employees at the petrochemical platform plant in Port Arthur, Texas.

Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators Maintaining this high level of engagement is our responsibility and motivation.

This leads us to innovate and experiment with new ini tiatives in order to make our employees ever more active participants in our transformation.

In 2022, for the first time, nearly 300 employ ees under 35 from around the world came together for two days at the One Young Cam pus.

They were asked to make practical sug gestions and discuss six key topics with members of the Executive Committee and senior executives: climate change, sustain able development, position on controversial projects, diversity and inclusion, talent devel opment and the Company’s future.

The pos itive and constructive feedback from this innovative event led us to renew the experi ence in April 2023 with 300 employees aged 35 to 45.

Developing everyone’s skills is a major chal lenge for a just transition.

Our goal is to empower all employees to take charge of their career development, notably through the inter nal mobility platform.

The results of the last TotalEnergies Survey show that we are on the right track (see below).

Over a six month period, 30,000 people in 112 countries took part in two days of training, with more than 200 ple.

Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world.

The interactive nature of the sessions, led by nearly 3,700 executives and managers, contributed to the construction of a shared multi energies culture.

Deployment contin ued in 2023, with training for employees of our industrial sites with shift schedule or rotating schedule and the introduction of a chapter on electricity.

Starting in 2023, each employee will be able to freely decide which training courses they consider important for their development, up to three days per year, in addition to manda tory training.

At OneTech, around 20% of technical staff mobility required upskilling, backed by either appropriate train ing or specific support during onboarding.

Employees experienced in managing Oil Gas projects, for example, can shift over to solar farm installation projects and reservoir engineers transitioning to yield engineering in offshore wind.

This innovative approach launched in 2021 provides an opportunity to discuss tangible issues encountered on a daily basis among peers and find collective solutions.

In all, 98% of managers said the workshops had helped them solve a shared problem, and 89% said they would like to participate again in the future.

Sixty young professionals (62% women and 65% non French representing 23 different nationalities) were recruited through the OneTech Graduate Program.

This group of young multi energies talents was formed over the two year program, which included learning expeditions and three eight month assignments.

Our industrial site conversion projects pay the utmost attention to potential social impacts.

The project to convert Grandpuits was presented in full transparency to our peers, International Labour Organization (ILO) and International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) representatives, as part of the Energy for a Just Transition initiative led by two civil society organizations.

Our approach to engaging with stakeholders, which included public hearings, training for employees, and maintained employment in jobs related to biofuels or renewable energies, was appreciated.

The scale of support for employees was particularly singled out for praise.

A diverse workforce and management team is critical to the Company’s competitiveness, ability to innovate, appeal and acceptability. (see below).

In 2022, numerous Inclusion Talks were held to accelerate awareness of inclusion.

In addi tion, the Executive Committee has decided to launch an awareness raising campaign for employees on LGBTQIA matters.

To demon strate its commitment, the Company in France will sign the Autre Cercle charter in 2023.

In a fast moving environment, people’s well being is a driver in employee engage ment.

In 2022, the level of our employees’ well being was measured in a first Care index, based on questions asked in the TotalEner gies Survey (see below).

The program is aligned with our ambition to make the Company a good place to work together.

Take action at the source by reducing or eliminating any potential risk though a system of stress measurements and assessment of risk factors in the working environment.

Raise awareness and train our employees and managers via a kit distributed throughout the Company.

Assist all employees who need support via a 24 7 hotline, regardless of their location.

Maternity leave has evolved into a childcare leave of at least 14 weeks, paid at 100% (subject to more protective local measures).

This leave is offered in all of the Company’s affiliates.

It is based on a neutral concept of families that takes into account the diversity of existing family structures.

The concepts of first parent and second parent allow all parents regardless of the composition of their families to benefit from leave for the birth or arrival of a child.

Guided by the will to innovate and experiment, we decided to introduce Green Fridays in January 2023.

Practically speaking, employees are freed from attending meetings every other Friday so they can step back and focus on individual projects.

Provide medical follow up to our employees exposed to an occupational risk that may have harmful effects on their physical and mental health.

Offer employees a health check at least every two years unless there are specific local regulations or contexts.

Deploy a global policy for the prevention of psychosocial risks to protect the mental health of employees (see sidebar).

Local initiatives Conduct vaccination and disease prevention campaigns (Covid 19, AIDS, cancer, malaria, etc.) for employees, their families, and local communities.

Ensure all our employees receive direct remuneration above the living wage of the country or region in which they work.

Set up a health insurance plan or offer a complementary company health plan.

Set up a death benefit plan, whatever the cause, at least equivalent to two years’ gross reference salary.

Generalize and encourage the use of flexible working hours and teleworking by establishing clear rules in these areas.

Provide training and practical guides for a quick start in digital work environments.

Conduct information campaigns or organize events related to the well being of employees.

Conduct awareness raising campaigns on work life balance.

Local initiatives Deploy user friendly spaces and Bonjour stores on our sites.

Guarantee a minimum of 14 weeks of childcare leave for the first parent and 2 weeks for the second parent with 100% retention of their basic salary (subject to more protective local measures).

Commit to neutralizing absences for childcare leave by granting the first parent to return from leave a pay increase equal to the average of individual increases received over the last three years.

This program may evolve through dialogue with trade unions.

Continue to steadily improve our results and achieve.

Prevent any loss of containment and keep under 50 leaks classified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 in 2023.

Progress in gender balance and internationalizing senior management and senior executives, in line with the 2025 roadmap.

In 2022, the world adopted a Global Biodiver sity Framework1, with quantified targets for States to halt biodiversity decline by 2030, and put nature on a path to recovery for 2050.

It also calls on businesses to be transparent throughout their value chain2.

This agreement highlights the importance of nature in the broadest sense.

It recalls the link between climate and biodiversity, with climate change being listed by the Intergovernmental Science Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES) as the third cause of biodiversity loss.

This makes us all the more determined to implement the transformation we are leading in the face of climate challenge.

The reporting initiatives and frameworks that are being set up, such as the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), consider nature as whole, through a combi nation of four realms: land, oceans, freshwa ter and the atmosphere.

For a company like TotalEnergies, caring for the environment in our activities includes all these realms.

River Bakuilou, Region of Kuilou (republic of the Congo).

Final ly, it means integrating these issues into our value chain: in 2022, we established and test ed the sustainable development audit proto col (greenhouse gas emissions, biodiversity, water and circularity) which will enable us to audit 300 suppliers in 2023 (see p. 92).

In concrete terms, this means developing our businesses, including renew ables, while at the same time taking actions to protect biodiversity, paying attention to land use and making commitments to pre serve forest areas.

It means considering the issue of freshwater and therefore the preser vation of water bodies in our upstream and downstream operations.

In 2022, the world adopted a Global Biodiversity Framework to halt biodiversity decline by 2030, and put nature on a path to recovery for 2050.

The Kunming Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework, adop ted by 196 parties at the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity https: www.cbd.int article cop15 cbd press release final 19dec2022.

Target 15 of the Kunming Montreal Global Biodiver sity Framework.

N ature provides many services, known as ecosystem services , which are directly or indirectly necessary for human activities on earth.

We are one of the actors who depend on these services.

Our operations certainly have an impact on eco systems, like all human activities.

Acting for biodiversity is a major focus for us, for all our sites, and is the subject of a concrete ambi tion and objectives.

Our approach is to reconcile the development of energy resources with the protection of biodiversity to build a sustainable future.

We apply the Mitigation Hierarchy approach of Avoidance, Reduction Restoration and Com pensation to all our operations and projects.

In concrete terms, we implement environmen tal impact assessments for all our projects, including renewable energy projects, in all countries where we operate.

Our ambition is based on four pillars1: respect ing our voluntary exclusion zones, preserving biodiversity in our projects and on our exist ing sites important for the environment 2, and promoting biodiversity.

It is based on the Act 4Nature International commitments we have made since 2018 3.

No oil or gas exploration or extraction activities in Unesco zones.

No oil exploration activities in the Arctic sea ice.

Implementation of a biodiversity action plan for every new project in areas of interest such as IUCN I to IV and Ramsar sites.

Production of a positive impact on biodiversity, confirmed by a third party, for all new projects in priority areas of interest (IUCN I to II and Ramsar sites).

Implementation of a biodiversity action plan for each of our sites important for the environment.

Consideration of the possibility of creating areas with rich biodiversity (habitats for rare species, etc.) in end of life sites, as one option for their rehabilitation.

For more: https: totalenergies.com sites g files nytnzq121 files documents 2021 10 Brochure_biodiversite_EN_BD.pdf 2.

Producing exploration production sites, refineries, petrochemical and polymers facilities and gas fired power plants.

Promoting biodiversity to the young generation, to our employees, and sharing the biodiversity data collected from our projects.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators In 2022, we are rolling out 7 biodiversity action plans on our new projects located in areas of interest for biodiversity4, inlcuding our Tilen ga project, where we are committed to a net gain in biodiversity (see p. 39 40), and we have launched 43 biodiversity surveys on our exist ing environmentally significant sites.

As part of our Sustainab’ALL program, we have decided to go further: our commitment to deploy a biodiversity action plan now con cerns all our operated sites (see p. 01).

This year, we have committed to a target of zero net deforestation for each of our projects located on new sites.

We use the definition of forest given by the FAO5.

None of the projects launched in 2022 required compen sation measures.

Finally, we take biodiversity into account across our value chain, particularly in our supplies. (see p. 92).

Each year we organise a World Environment Day to raise awareness among all our 100,000 employees, all over the world, at each of our sites.

In 2022, this day was dedicated to the theme of Biodiversity.

We work with scientific partners on these com plex biodiversity issues to ensure that we take biodiversity into account in our operations.

In 2022, in Uganda, we worked on forestry corridors connectivity restoration to increase the chimpanzee population and area of occu pancy within the Bugoma Budongo corridor (part of the Tilenga biodiversity Action Plan, partner: Ecotrust).

In 2022, we collaborated with the Internation al Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to establish best practices for managing the impacts of renewable energy on biodiversity.

During the COP15 Biodiversity Conference in Montreal, we were invited to participate in the opening plenary session and several Busi ness Forum panels organized by the CBD6, an opportunity to discuss nature preservation with all stakeholders (including the private sector, conservation organizations, private sector, scientists), in support of the GBF7.

In 2022, we participated in the work on the Nature Positive concept through the IUCN’s Impact Mitigation and Ecological Compensation Thematic Group (IMEC) and the World Business Council for Sustainable.

We contribute to the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) forum, sharing feedback from the pilot we led in June 2022.

The issue of footprint measurement is one of the challenges for biodiversity.

In 2022, we continued our work based on the Biodiversity Indicators for Site based Impacts (BISI) meth odology of the United Nations Environment Programme’s World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP WCMC).

This methodology will enable the site level biodiversity footprint measurements that can be consolidated at Company level.

Our work is accompanied by an independent review committee.

The method ology will be made public when it is finalized in 2024.

It has been shared with other companies since 2022.

In 2022, our R D has also devel oped various tools, including environmental DNA, for environmental impact studies.

Our offshore oil, gas and wind projects make us a player in the marine environment.

In 2022, we continued our collaboration with the Ocean 100 initiative led by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Economic Forum (WEF).

We launched an analysis of our interactions with the ocean to define a comprehensive strategy at the Company level.

In terms of operations, we deployed specific Biodiversity Action Plans (BAPs) for our offshore facilities in Congo and Denmark in 2022.

In May 2022, Patrick Pouyann became Chairman of Entreprises pour l’Environnement (EpE), an organization of French and international companies from all sectors of the economy engaged in the energy transition.

EpE is the French partner of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and co founder of the Act4Nature International initiative.

Our commitment to implement a biodiversity action plan now extends to all of our operated sites.

Corresponding to IUCN Cat I to V and Ramsar areas, some of those with a net gain.

Forest: Land spanning more than 0.5 hectares with trees higher than 5 meters and canopy cover of more than 10 percent, or trees able to reach these thresholds in situ (Source: Food and Agri culture Organization of the United Nations).

La Perri re wind and solar Farm Reunion Island (France).

A biodiversity action plan (BAP) was launched in 2021 to protect local biodiversity, involving external stakeholders, including environmen tal groups, government organizations and local communities, in its design and imple mentation.

It was decided to launch this BAP as the site is located in the buffer zone of the Reunion Island National Park, an area that includes mid altitude rain forests, signif icant plant species and several endangered fauna species.

Our Biodiversity action plans are designed in accordance with our internal guidance and ipieca 1 good practices.

At La Perri re, the plan is based on an inventory of fauna and flora established over the dry and rainy seasons.

La Perri re is an established TotalEnergies site with a 10 MWp wind farm installed in 2006 and a 3 MWp solar plant built in 2011.

Considering growing demand for electricity, a repowering project was decided.

Construction of a new 20 MWp wind farm began in 2022.

The plan developed on the site is part of TotalEnergies’ proactive approach to con serving Reunion Island’s endemic species, including the day gecko (Phelsuma borbonica, listed as Endangered species on the IUCN Red List).

During repowering works, the gecko was observed laying eggs and nesting in the instal lations being dismantled.

Scheduling wind turbine dismantling from January to April, outside the hatching period.

Monitoring the reintroduction of geckos for three years after the work.

The plan also includes a program to monitor birds targeting the Reunion Harrier (Circus maillardi, IUCN Red List of endangered spe cies) specifically and bats for the first two years so that measures can be adjusted if necessary.

Lastly, an ecosystem services assessment was carried out.

It confirmed that neighboring communities were not dependent on servic es provided by the ecosystems impacted by the site.

Measures taken as part of the Biodiversity Action Plan include: Calling upon an ecological expert to identify the colonized wind turbines.

Collaboration with the Reunion Island ornithological society (SEOR) on the Papangue (Harrier) national action plan (PNA). Monitoring of day gecko reintroduction.

Boat on the Bakuilou River, Kuilou region, Republic of Congo.

I n 2022 we joined the CEO Water Mandate, part of the United Nations Global Compact, joining a group of more than 200 compa nies committed to advancing water man agement.

In 2022, we set ourselves a target of reduc ing our overall freshwater withdrawals by 20% overall1 at sites located in water stressed are as2 between 2021 and 2030.

This approach aligns with the Science based Targets Network (SBTN) methodology.

Freshwater accounts for 19% of the water used at our operated sites. and we have decided to focus our efforts on this unevenly distributed resource on the planet that we share with our neighbors.

Ten priority sites are concerned by this objec tive 3.

Located mainly in Western Europe, they represent 51% of the Company’s total with drawals in 2022, or 55 million cubic meters.

The increase from 2021 reflects increased activity at our gas fired power plants (Pont s Sambre and Marchienne in France) due to the energy crisis in Europe.

According to the WRI Baseline Water Stress forecast for 2030.

It is an initial approach aligned with the definition of water stress.

Areas facing high and extremely high levels of water stress as defined by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and Aqueduct (withdrawals exceed 40% of the available resource).

The sites are the following: our refineries in Normandie and Grandpuits (France), Leuna (Germany), Feluy and Anvers (Belgium), La Porte (US), our CCGTs in Marchienne (Belgium) and Pont sur Sambre (France), in Castejon (Spain) and our operated Barnett assets (US).

These sites account for 98% of our withdrawals in water stressed areas.

They are located in the following watersheds: Maas and Scheldt (Belgium), Seine and C te Ouest (France), Elbe (Germany), Ebro (Spain) and Gulf Coast (US).

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators In 2022, all the sites embarked on the process to optimize water use and reduce freshwater withdrawals.

The measures to be implement ed will make it possible to achieve and, if pos sible, exceed our target by 2030.

In particular, our Antwerp refinery has approved an ambitious plan to reduce its freshwater withdrawal.

Also, we take water challenges into account right from the design phase for our installations.

In Saudi Arabia, the Amiral project includes the construction of a waste water treatment plant to reduce the site’s water consumption by 70% (see p. 33).

This represents the consumption of 280,000 Antwerp residents, out of a total population of 620,000.

The studies completed in 2022 made it possi ble to launch the project and sign agreements with Waterkracht, the joint venture in charge of developing this water treatment plant.

The Antwerp platform plans to adapt the internal networks (additional pipes and construction of a buffer tank), and will purchase the water at the same cost as drinking water.

Location of our 10 sites in water stressed areas in 2030 that withdraw more than 500,000 cubic meters year5.

We take our suppliers’ water footprint into account.

In 2022, we established and tested an audit protocol that will allow us to audit 300 suppliers in 2023 (see p. 92).

In 2022, we launched a process for our data centers, a topic on which we were questioned Our data centers are either air cooled or water cooled in a closed circuit system with heat recovery and reuse.

Access to water is fundamental to local devel opment.

We have several WASH4 programs linked to our local operations.

Other equipment installed included a pump, a tank, chlorine treatment and 20 private connections (see p. 39 40).

Located in a water stressed area, the Ant werp complex was the first Refining Chem icals facility to approve a large scale project for reducing freshwater withdrawals in 2022.

The project involves reusing treated waste water from local households to supply indus tries in the Port of Antwerp.

The initiative is part of the Flemish government’s Blue Deal program, which aims to attenuate drought and water shortage in the region.

Source : Water Risk Atlas, Aqueduct WRI, Water Stress 2030.

W e are actors of the circular econ omy through our production of biofuels, biogas and circular pol ymers.

For biofuels, we have set an objective of increasing the share of circular feedstock (used cooking oil and animal fat) from 50% to more than 75% as from 2024.

Biogas pro duction relies primarily on agricultural waste (see p. 34).

At our sites, promoting circular management of resources starts with responsible manage ment of our waste.

This approach, which is based on the Recover Re use Recycle Valorize principle, led to a 61% valorization rate of our waste from our operated sites in 2022.

This is explained by the long time frame in which we are involved in developing such sectors areas.

To meet our objective, we are setting up demanding waste management contracts and partnerships with international waste treatment companies, both in France in in our host countries.

This contributes to the local development of waste treatment industries in the countries where we operate.

In 2022, we have set ourselves the goal of val orizing more than 70% of our waste by 2030.

Lastly, we integrate the circular economy in our value chain with our suppliers (see p. 92).

We have developed a biomethanization value chain to reuse biorefinery clays and effluents in partnership with Veolia for our biorefinery in La M de (France).

When the biorefinery came on stream, there were only two waste treatment processes that could accept the waste from our site: 1 incineration and landfilling.

The BioVilleneuvois methanization plant in Villeneuve Sur Lot (France).

La M de’s biorefinery process produces nearly 10 kt of waste each year, mainly effluents and filtration clays containing up to 20% of vegetable oils and animal fats.

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators As part of a partnership with Veolia affiliate SEDE, a biomethanization chain was devel oped for waste that we could not avoid.

Bio gas plants use our waste to produce biogas and digestate (a fertilizer).

In 2022, we mod ified the process so that more biogas plants could use our waste.

Thanks to the deployment of this circular waste management system, the biorefinery now valorizes close to 90% of its waste.

The same system will be used for our future biore finery under construction at Grandpuits.

SAFT is a member of the Global Battery Alli ance, a public private collaboration found ed at the World Economic Forum in 2017 to develop a sustainable value chain for batter ies by 2030.

The batteries marketed by SAFT are designed to have a reduced environmen tal footprint.

For nickel batteries (primarily used in indus trial backup in the rail and aviation sectors) SAFT has developed a network to collect and recycle its customers’ used nickel batteries.

More than 75% of used batteries’ weight is recovered and reused in industry.

Saft has pushed the logic of responsible manufactur ing to the point of having its own battery recy cling plant in Oskarshamn (Sweden).

Reduce Recycle Double by 2030 the amount of circular feedstock (in Mt) entering our sites.

Reach a 75% share of waste residues in our biofuel production by 2024.

Produce 2 TWh of biogas by 2025, mainly from waste, targeting 20 TWh by 2030.

Reduce Assess our 1,300 priority suppliers on their overall sustainability performance by the end of 2025 (GHG emissions, biodiversity, water, waste circularity).

Reduce Reuse Recycle 70% valorisation rate for our waste by 2030.

Reduce Rethink Recycle Produce 1 Mt year of circular polymers in 2030.

For lithium ion (Li ion) batteries (used in several sectors, in particular electric mobil ity).

These batteries are now processed at the end of their life using best available technologies, with no risk to the environment.

Taking the process a step further, SAFT has launched an R D project with Orano, Paprec, MTB Manufacturing and the French Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) to recycle electric vehicle batteries in order to recover metals (in particular lithium and cobalt) that can be used to make new batteries.

We joined the World Economic Forum’s Plat form for Accelerating the Circular Economy (PACE) in 2022.

As part of this commitment, we monitor two indicators: the amount of cir cular feedstock (in Mt) going into our products and the amount of sales of circular products (in MUSD).

We have committed to doubling these figures by 2030.

In October 2022, we launched our new product range RE: clic for our low carbon polymers, organized around three product lines.

It allows us to show our customers what type of circularity we can offer and help them achieve their sustainability objectives.

We are investing in our installations and forging partnerships to ensure availability.

Our ambition is to produce 1 Mt of circular polymers by 2030.

Reduce our freshwater withdrawals by 20% for our sites located.

Launch in 2022 of the project on the Antwerp platform.

Double the amount of circular raw materials entering.

Onshore and coastal sites target: maximum 1 mg l of hydrocarbons in discharge by 2030.

Offshore sites target: maximum 30 ppm of hydrocarbons our sites by 2030.

Produce biofuels from 75% waste and residue feedstocks by 2024.

Produce 2 TWh biogas by 2025, targeting 20 TWh by 2030.

Extension of the requirement to all our operated sites in 2022 in discharge.

In 2022, a sustainable development audit protocol was established and tested: it will enable us to audit 300 of our 1,300 priority suppliers in 2023 on the subjects of biodiversity, water and circularity.

Biodiversity rich Area: IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) zones I IV and Ramsar zones.

The action plan must produce a positive impact on biodiversity, as certified by a third party institution, if the project is located in an IUCN zone I to II and Ramsar zones.2.

Sites important for the environment: our operated Exploration Production sites in production, our refineries and petrochemical platforms producing more than 250 kt year, our gas fired power plants.

Citations of our data shared on the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF).

Zero net deforestation on our new projects located on new sites.

We use the FAO definition of forest (Land spanning more than 0.5 hectares with trees higher than 5 meters and a canopy cover of more than 10 percent, or trees able to reach these thresholds in situ).

The development of our societies over the last half a century has added around 15 years to average life expectancy (1), while the num ber of people living in extreme poverty has decreased significantly (2).

This spectacular progress nevertheless masks severe dispari ties.

And it was largely achieved through the use of fossil energies, resulting in a very sharp increase in CO2 emissions, which are the main cause of the climate change we can observe today.

The 17 Sustainable Development Goals formulated by the United Nations in 2015 aim to eliminate poverty, protect the planet and improve everyday life for everyone all over the world.

The 8 billion people currently living on the planet, for example, do not all have the same access to energy, which is essential for their development.

In this situation, exacerbated by geopolitical upheavals such as the war in Ukraine and the current energy crisis, pressure is growing on energy companies to meet a wide range of occasionally conflicting expectations.

While redistributing wealth is essential, a lot more is needed to be able to produce economic value while also responding to society’s needs and expectations in the current transition.

Pressure is growing on energy companies to meet a wide range of occasionally conflicting expectations.

These demands reflect people’s aspiration to build a more responsible and more equitable world, while ensuring that the required transition is as fair as possible.

Solar kit, Douala, Cameroun. and more equitable world, while ensuring that the required transition is as fair as possible. itive change finally, we must report transpar ently on our actions.

For a company like ours a key player in the energy landscape and member of the United Nations Global Compact creating shared value means supporting the countries in which we operate as they transition towards a multi energy model lower in carbon and help ing to make energy accessible and afforda ble for as many people as possible.

Agricultural training session in Tanzania (Livelihood restoration program).

W ith industrial and commercial operations in over 130 countries across five continents, our activ ities have a significant effect on society, and directly or indirectly concern a very large num ber of stakeholders.

With growing expecta tions of businesses, legitimate questions are raised about our strategy, how we implement it and the impact it has, from the most imme diate local level to the most general.

We firmly believe that we need dialogue, and strive to provide honest and useful answers to the questions we are asked about what we do, which we try to adapt to the very wide variety of people we communicate with (see opposite).

We take part in existing bodies that facilitate this dialogue, such as labor relations organizations (see p.86), and we create these bodies where necessary.

In 2022, for exam ple, we put together an advisory panel of six independent experts in Papua New Guinea made up of local representatives from civ il society and international scientists, which was operational even before the final decision was made to invest in the Papua LNG project.

Its main role is to make recommendations about how the project should go ahead with regard to local communities and biodiversity.

On the ground, all over the world, we work hand in hand with local NGOs. These mostly excellent relationships, which get little media coverage are crucial in taking a responsible approach in our operations and enable us to find out and respond to priority needs.

Three members (center) of the Papua LNG independent expert panel (Papua New Guinea).

Sustainability Climate 2023 Progress ReportOur AmbitionTransforming Ourselves to Reinvent EnergyClimate and Sustainable EnergyPeople’s Well BeingCare for the EnvironmentCreating Shared ValueOur Indicators We also organize informal discussion chan nels in order to dialogue with more critical parties, despite growing polarization of opin ion.

As a result, we pay particular attention to any controversies raised, which usually reflect unmet expectations, whether or not it is within our power to provide a response that is con sidered satisfactory.

The main controversies that we faced in 2022 related to: Our strategy to get to net zero by 2050, together with society, the pace of the resulting transformation of the Company, and whether the Company is transforming at all Our climate impact, and particularly that of new oil and gas production projects Human rights and the impact of our activi ties on local communities, in connection with our duty of vigilance, particularly in Uganda and Tanzania through our Tilenga EACOP projects, as well as in Mozambique and the Republic of the Congo Our operations in Myanmar and Russia The impact of our operations on the envi ronment, especially biodiversity (e.g.

Mur chison Falls National Park in Uganda) The Company’s rate of taxation, its profits and the amount redistributed to its employ ees Fuel, gas and electricity prices, particularly in France.

This is why we set up regional think tanks in France in 2022 to work with local stakeholders on issues relating to the energy transition (see Civil society inset).

Discussion between local and central teams, as well as regular monitoring and tracking of social trends, provides us with a global under standing of challenges, to feed the Compa ny’s strategy.

We believe that transparency is essential if we are to build relationships of trust with our stakeholders.

We report on our performance through the various commonly used ESG disclosure frameworks, such as GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) and SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) standards.

We also include the core metrics recommended by the World Economic Forum.

We strive to encourage regular dialogue with employees and their representatives.

In countries where employee representation is not mandatory under local legislation, the creation of a body to foster dialogue is proposed.

A total of 92% of employees have union representation or employee representatives.

The European Works Council met 25 times in 2022 to discuss key issues such as the Company’s new energies and the challenges they pose.

To get a clearer understanding of the Company’s strategy, learning expeditions were organized on the ground to meet the dedicated teams.

In France, a dedicated entity is in charge of local dialogue and forming ties with local public and private sector representatives.

Think tanks in 12 regions meet to discuss the issues relating to the energy and ecological transitions, the industry’s transformation, the skills to be developed and regional projects.

The 34 meetings held in 2022 were attended by more than 300 people, taking an unprecedented and collective approach involving people from the business world, civil society (non profits, academics and NGOs), public authorities, local politicians, and representatives of the farming community and related sectors.

Partnerships have also been formed with city authorities to share our respective aims in terms of economic development and the energy transition.

In 2022, TotalEnergies entered into a partnership with FNSEA to decarbonize farming.

We attach particular importance to dialogue with all our shareholders.

Members of the Executive Committee, the Lead Independent Director and the investor relations team maintain an ongoing dialogue with them about the Company’s strategy and sustainability policy.

The many interactions with our individual and institutional shareholders as well as investor coalitions such as CA100 and IIGCC helped provide content for this report.

First loading of the LNG Adventure vessel at the Cameron LNG liquefaction terminal in Louisiana (US).

In these countries, electrification of final demand, including for mobility, coupled with the decarbonization of electricity, is a struc tural change that is helping to reduce emis sions and increase energy efficiency.

To this end, we are investing in locally competitive solar and wind power projects in countries such as the United States (see p. 88).

The cri sis in Europe has also shown the essential role played by natural gas in allowing Europe to achieve its greenhouse gas emission reduction targets, a process we are contribut ing to (see p. 28).

Taking a longer term view, we are also devel oping our capacity to produce low carbon fuels such as biogas, low carbon hydrogen, bio fuels and e fuels (see p. 34).

We are also promoting moderation and responsibility in the use of energy by means of incentive mechanisms.

In November 2022, we introduced bonuses for our gas and elec tricity customers for cutting down on demand and launched a new offer to enable them to make better use of off peak hours.

B y deploying our strategy, we are help ing host countries to transform and implement their own energy transition strategies.

As a multi energy company, our integrated model allows us to provide technical solu tions tailored to meet the needs of countries where the transition is in progress, from ener gy production to distribution.

Our global presence and expertise throughout the value chain help with technology transfer.

By forming local partnerships, we make use of and add to the existing industrial and com mercial network.

And, owing to the time scale of our projects, we contribute to the long term by investing in local development and skills.

Demand for energy is set to increase in these countries, driven by their growing populations and by their need to access the energy for economic and social development.

It is there fore crucial to help these countries respond to their populations’ needs by providing them with energy as low in carbon as possible.

By supplying natural gas, particularly in the form of LNG, we encourage the replacement of coal in all final demand sectors, including electrici ty.

We are also supporting the rapid growth of renewable energies by developing a portfolio of wind and solar power projects.

Rapid expansion in our two main growth areas, LNG and renewables 2022 saw a change of scale in our US operations.

Offshore wind power concessions won off the coast of New York and New Jersey, and in North Carolina.

Acquisition of SunPower’s industrial and commercial business portfolio.

Start of commercial operations for the new Port Arthur ethane cracker.

Advanced recycling project with New Hope Energy, due to come into service in 2025.

Launch of engineering studies in the Cameron LNG expansion project No. 1 US LNG exporter.

Partnerships driving multi energy growth As an oil producing country, Brazil presents considerable potential for renewables.

TotalEnergies significantly ramped up its multi energy activities in the country in 2022.

Start of production for the first phase of the giant Mero oilfield.

Joint venture with Casa dos Ventos, the Brazilian wind power leader.

TotalEnergies has strong roots in France, where it is rolling out all aspects of its multi energy strategy.

Renewable energy generation of 1 TWh with 426 solar plants, 64 wind farms and 10 hydropower plants.

Production capacity of 700 GWh, thanks to 7 plants feeding into the grid and 11 cogeneration plants.

Agreement with Saria to produce sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) at the Grandpuits zero crude platform.

Agreement with Air Liquide to produce renewable, low carbon hydrogen at Grandpuits.

Major transition challenges India, the world’s third largest energy consumer, wants to reduce its CO2 emissions by 40% by 2030.

TotalEnergies’ growing operations in the country reflect that ambition.

Additional gas distribution licenses awarded to ATGL the TotalEnergies and Adani joint venture becomes the first private company in its sector.

A 70 year shared path TotalEnergies has been operating in Angola since 1953, helping the country to address the challenge of deep offshore oil production.

Final decision to invest in the Begonia oilfield, the first development in block 17 06.

Final decision to invest in the NAG1 project, Angola’s first non associated natural gas project, which will supply the Angola LNG plant.

The Quilemba concession granted to build a 35 MW solar plant.

U niversal access to clean energy is one of the main aims of the Sustain able Development Goals (SDG 7).

TotalEnergies’ mission is to deliver energy that is more reliable, more affordable, clean er and accessible to the greatest number of people.

In emerging markets, this is a prereq uisite for social and economic development.

The energy transition relies in part on using more electricity.

We devoted 25% of our investments to this in 2022.

In emerging markets, particularly in Africa, making the move from traditional biomass towards mod ern forms of energy while keeping them affordable is essential to increase energy efficiency, raise living standards and support the economic development of growing popu lations.

One third of the world’s population, or 2.5 billion people, currently have no modern and reliable means to cook (1).

We are committed to producing energy from renewable sources and our goal for 2030 is to achieve gross installed capacity of 100 GW. We estimate that around one third of this will be developed in emerging markets, as described in our SDG7 Energy Compact (2), which will serve around 40 million people.

In OECD countries, the energy crisis and inflation made defending buying power and combating energy insecurity a central issue in 2022.

Faced with soaring energy prices in France, we took measures to help our customers.

In February 2022, we introduced a 5 discount on each full tank at our service stations in rural areas, followed by wider reaching, including a discount of 0.12 per liter at motorway service stations during the summer, 0.20 per liter everywhere in France in September and October, and 0.10 per liter in November and December.

We also upheld our commitment to pro grams to fight energy insecurity in housing and mobility, which affects more than 20% of households in France, with measures such as a 100 gas check for customers facing energy insecurity in February 2022.

These measures reflect our sense of responsibility towards society.

Around the world, 760 million people, or around one in 10, do not have access to electricity for lighting, preserving food or keeping cool when temperatures rise.

With more than 5 million solar lamps and kits sold, including 700,000 in 2022, we are providing lighting solutions in 40 countries, mostly in Africa and Asia.

To offer a better response to the needs of local populations, we have expanded the product range, reviewed our product design for improved reparability, and set up battery collection and recycling points.

TotalEnergies is developing the 35 MW power plant in Quilemba with its partners Sonangol and Greentech.

When the plant comes on stream in 2024, it will prevent the use of 30 million liter of diesel a year and annual emissions of around 56,000 tons of CO2eq.

It will be connected to the grid in the province of Huila, in the south of the country.

TotalEnergies plays an essential role in driving renovation projects, putting an end to energy inefficient buildings and tackling energy poverty in construction, industry and transportation.

In 2022, TotalEnergies supported around 300,000 energy efficiency projects at residential properties, half of which benefited people on very low incomes, and encouraged around 360,000 new drivers to sign up to car pooling programs.

As a result of its incentives and initiatives, TotalEnergies achieved energy savings of around 150 TWhp in 2022, equal to the domestic energy use of 1.5 million French people for 15 years.

The nature of our operations involves close interaction with local communities in our host countries.

Our vision of shared prosper ity is based on three principles: dialogue and engagement with all our host communities, assessing and reducing the impact of our operations, and contributing to local social and economic development that meets the needs of the community.

Contributing to local socio economic development in a host territory Long term operations means developing profitable, sustainable projects that create jobs and develop skills locally.

TotalEnergies is committed to prior itizing local jobs and subcontracting locally whenever possible, in accordance with opera tional constraints.

In 2022, around two thirds of our workforce (65.5%) was employed outside France, including more than 10% in Africa, 19% in North and Latin America and 6.5% in the Asia Pacific region.

For example, at the end of 2022, 93 % of people working on the Tilenga project in Uganda were Ugandan citizens (around 6,500 employees of the Company and its subcontractors).

Farmers supported by Mozambique LNG, (Mozambique).

More than 1,500 initiatives were supported in these are as in 2022.

We also give our employees the opportuni ty to get involved in causes close to where they work.

The Action program enables all employees to donate up to three workdays a year to local causes.

Helping a young per son find a job or taking care of natural spaces are opportunities to play a part, individually or with others, in achieving the Company’s aim of driving positive change locally.

In 2022, 8,000 employees took part in more than 11,000 cit izenship initiatives worldwide as part of this program.

Pamoja Tunaweza is a community driven initiative set up by the Mozambique LNG Project.

It is a platform for local communities, local government representatives and the Mozambique LNG Project to collectively identify, implement and monitor progress on socio economic development opportunities.

Its priorities are the creation of sustainable revenues and the diversification of the local economy.

In 2022, the project dedicated a budget of 20 million to the implementation of more than 40 programs, creating nearly 4,000 local jobs, and revitalizing food producing agriculture with more than 2,500 farmers benefiting from the project, and training communities in the fight against malaria.

The name Pamoja Tunaweza was chosen by the communities and means Together we will succeed in Kiswahili.

Created in 1992, the TotalEnergies Foundation now takes action in four priority areas: Inclusion and education, Road safety, Climate, coastal areas and oceans, and Cultural dialogue and heritage.

In 2022, it provided 65 million of support for its non profit partners.

The Company has renewed its commitment, pledging 200 million for the period from 2023 to 2027.

A communications campaign highlighting its commitment to helping young people was launched in September 2022.

S ince there is no sustainable develop ment that would leave young people by the wayside, TotalEnergies takes action to give them the means to take charge of their own futures, focusing on the most vul nerable.

This starts with helping them find jobs, promoting equal opportunity or improv ing road safety which, in addition to saving lives, also plays an important role in reducing poverty and inequality by supporting access to employment and education.

TotalEnergies takes an active approach as an employer.

In 2022, we exceeded our target of recruiting 5% of work study placements in France with 1,900 hires (6.3%) and the same target has been set for 2023.

After joining the Collective for a more inclusive economy in 2022, we added a target of 300 employees becoming mentors of a young person in 2023.

The Company also takes action via its cor porate foundation, and funds L’Industreet, a campus it designed and launched in 2020 in Stains, Seine Saint Denis, providing free pro fessional training for young people in indus trial sectors struggling to recruit.

In 2022, 204 18 to 30 year olds received training and 68 obtained their qualifications.

The TotalEnergies corporate foundation also contributed to the opening of a further 12 Pro duction Schools in 2022 as part of a 60 mil lion partnership over 10 years.

The Company takes action in all countries in which it operates via its affiliates.

Every year since 2011, university professors in Nigeria have been invited to spend a semester at MIT under the Empowering The Teachers initiative.

A total of 16 took this opportunity in 2022, and 92 since 2011.

In 2022, we experienced the death of a partner’s employee on the road ourselves (see p. 63), and we are ramping up the inter national rollout of the best and latest tech nologies by 2024.

We are committed to road safety for our operations and our customers, to make the roads safer for all users, in particular the youngest users, for whom this is the leading cause of death.

With this in mind, in 2022 we took part in the pilot stage of a Road Safety Index project launched by the F d ration Internationale de l’Automobile, which aims to develop a meth odology to assess and improve organiza tions’ road safety performance.

By sharing our expertise in schools, for example, we can help to reduce the number of victims and reach the target set by the United Nations in 2020 of halving the number of traffic accident related deaths between now and 2030, supporting SDG 3.6.

This is the aim of the VIA Road Safety Education Program jointly founded by the TotalEnergies and Michelin Foundations.

In 2022, 300,000 school children received training in 36 countries, including around 170,000 in Africa and over 75,000 in India.

The program’s rollout is supported by employees of the Company’s affiliates.

In 2022, TotalEnergies updated its Purchasing Directive and Fundamental Purchasing Princi ples (which incorporate the prevention of and fight against conflicts of interest and corrup tion) to include and strengthen the attention given to sustainability and climate.

Our pur chasing risk mapping has also been updated.

The aim now is to implement a specific roadm ap in each purchasing segment by the end of 2024.

TotalEnergies has had a human rights audit system for several years.

In 2022, human rights audits of 200 suppliers were carried out by spe cialized third companies, i.e.

At the same time, the Company undertook to assess its 1,300 prior ity suppliers for their global sustainable devel opment performance by the end of 2025, using new, broader criteria, including environmental issues such as biodiversity, water and circu larity, and the climate.

In 2022, nine test audits were carried out by third parties in order to deploy the new criteria by 2023.

T otalEnergies works with over 100,000 suppliers of goods and services worldwide for a total spend of 27 billion in 2022.

So we can play a major role in encouraging our suppliers to improve their sustainability.

We are implementing a responsible purchasing program which puts the four dimensions of our sustainability ambition at the heart of the purchasing process.

The program has four operational priorities, each with its own target, set in January 2022.

In 2022, TotalEnergies created a special training course that has now been taken by over 460 employees, or around half our buyers.

We also conduct regular awareness raising sessions, using specific webinars on the climate (over 500 buyers) and human rights (over 300 buyers).

In 2022, TotalEnergies awarded a Sustainability prize to Greif, an international packaging supplier, in recognition of its excellent scores in the human rights audits TotalEnergies carries out among its suppliers.

A sustainability platform, which has been operational since June 2022, allows our buy ers to track suppliers’ performance in this area, and already includes over 560 suppliers of the 1,300 priority suppliers identified 1.

This is backed by other actions, such as the publi cation in May 2022 of a new Practical Guide on Respect for Human Rights in the Work place and the November 2022 Suppliers’ Day, attended by over 100 suppliers to talk about Sustainability with our Chairman and CEO and two members of the Executive Committee.

After an initial estimation in 2021 of greenhouse gas emissions connected with the purchase of goods and services, the Company updated this assessment in 2022.

In January 2022, the Company pledged to ensure that the 400 suppliers accounting for 70% of these emissions adopt reduction targets by 2025.

To date, 62% of the 345 suppliers who responded have already done so.

In 2022, TotalEnergies was recognized by the CDP as Supplier Engagement Leader , for our efforts to measure and reduce the climate risk in our supply chain.

Since 2016, the human rights audits of our suppliers have involved 160,000 people in 77 countries and have had a positive impact on working conditions for over 14,000 of them.

An Asian carrier whose employees were working over 80 hours a week, for example, because there was no local law on working hours, agreed to align its practice with international standards to meet TotalEnergies’ requirements.

I,300 priority suppliers, including 500 main suppliers, representing 50% of the Company’s total spend, and 800 suppliers at risk in terms of human rights (600 suppliers) and the environment (200 suppliers) depending on their activity and country of operation.

W e work with governments to pro mote fiscal transparency and fight corruption, helping to create the right environment for economic develop ment.

Promoting fiscal transparency countries in 2019 and 2020, in order to give its stakeholders a fuller and more pertinent view of its tax situation.

Our stakeholders welcomed the publication of this report and TotalEnergies was ranked third in the VBDO Tax Transparency Benchmark 2022’s EU com pany rankings 1.

TotalEnergies is exposed to corruption risks owing to its presence in certain countries that have a high perceived level of corruption according to the index drawn up by Trans parency International.

We apply a principle of zero tolerance for corruption among our employees and suppliers.

We advocate a cul ture of Speak up and regularly promote the value of Respect For Each Other , which is part of our Code of Conduct.

Our employees and third parties are encouraged to report any situations that they believe to be in breach of this code.

To take action in all areas of its value chain, TotalEnergies has made preventing and fight ing the risk of conflicts of interest and cor ruption part of its Responsible Purchasing program (see p. 92).

TotalEnergies is a member of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) and made its tax policy public in 2014.

This pol icy is approved by the Board of Directors and published in the Company’s Universal Regis tration Document.

We also publicly endorse the Responsible Tax Principles developed by the B Team, a non profit organization of busi ness leaders and civil society representatives, which aims to promote sustainable economic and social development.

Updated Tax Policy approved by the Board the risk of conflicts of interest and corruption in purchasing.

More than 560 of the 1,300 pri ority suppliers invited joined the platform in 2022.

Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development.

Addition to our Code of Conduct of practical examples of prohibited behaviors.

Anti corruption training: a new online training course was launched in mid 2022, replacing the two existing training courses taken by more than 82,000 employees.

To date, more than 31,000 employees have already taken the new training course, designed to adapt to the Company’s employees’ greater maturity in this area.

Assessments: more than 15 assessments were carried out at affiliates identified as most at risk by the Chief Compliance Officer’s team by our partners specializing in financial data analysis.

Number of incidents and disciplinary actions: just over 200 incidents relating to fraud (excluding attempted fraud), corruption or influence peddling were identified and where they concerned an employee resulted in around 130 disciplinary actions, most of which entailed dismissal.

TotalEnergies creates economic and financial value in the 130 countries in which it operates, which benefits govern ments, its economic partners, including suppli ers, its employees and its shareholders.

TotalEnergies pays its share of tax, making a substantial contribution to the economic development of its host countries.

In 2022, the amount of income tax and pro duction taxes paid by the Company across all operations came to just over 33 billion (com pared to 15.9 billion in 2021).

This includes the various exceptional taxes introduced in the European Union and the United Kingdom rep resenting just over 2 billion in 2022.

In countries where hydrocarbon exploration and production activities are carried out, TotalEnergies’ operat ed and non operated activities are conducted under contracts with a government, a nation al oil company or private owners.

At the other end of the value chain product retail the Company collects excise taxes for governments from energy product consum ers.

Each day, TotalEnergies serves more than 8 million customers at its service stations around the world and 8.9 million B2B and B2C gas and electricity customers.

In 2022, it col lected 17.7 billion in excise taxes on petro leum products and 1.3 billion on gas and electricity for governments.

Wages and payroll taxes amounted to 9 bil lion in 2022, including the payment by the Company of an exceptional bonus to all employees corresponding to one month’s pay, capped for high salaries.

At the Socle Social Commun level in France, representing a total of 14,000 employees, the agreement also pro vided a 7.5% pay rise to reflect inflation of 6% over the year.

In addition to this, there was a 15% increase in the amount allocated to bonuses for workers and supervisors, as well as managers’ variable pay (excluding exec utives), to reach an average remuneration increase of 10%.

TotalEnergies also encourages employee shareholding.

In 2022, 49,189 employees in 101 countries and former employees subscribed to a capital increase in the amount of 337.8 million 11,500 employees also received performance shares.

Finally, 65% of TotalEnergies employees are company shareholders.

They received around 7% of dividends in 2022, or 700 million.

TotalEnergies strives to create long term val ue in order to ensure that its shareholders’ investments pay returns and are maintained.

Therefore, it has not reduced its dividend since 1982.

The average annual gross return for the last 10 years is 10.44%.

With a breakeven point below 25 per barrel, TotalEnergies is now much more profitable than it was 10 years ago.

On the basis of an equivalent oil price, it generates 15 billion more cash flow.

At the end of 2022, the Company’s debt was reduced significantly to 7%, allowing it to step up its transformation strategy and offer an attractive shareholder returns policy.

A new cash flow allocation strategy has therefore been announced for the next few years.

The Board of Directors is confident in the Company’s ability to ensure profitable and lasting growth and wants to share its profits with shareholders in the current climate of high prices.

It therefore decided to allocate 35 40% of cash flow to shareholders over the cycles.

A 7 billion share buyback program was carried out in 2022 and an exceptional interim dividend of 1 per share was paid in December 2022, on top of the 5% increase interim dividends already in quarterly announced and implemented.

Returns to shareholders therefore represented 37.2% of cash flow in 2022.

Listening to voices from civil society and paying attention to controversies.

Promoting dialogue with employees : 92% of employees worldwide have union representation or employee representatives.

Encouraging debate: 12 regional think tanks created in France to discuss issues related to the energy transition.

Putting local workers and subcontracting locally first.

Leveraging our service station network, especially in Africa.

Supplying natural gas to encourage the replacement of coal.

Discounts of up to 0.20 per liter at the pump in our French service stations in 2022.

With our employees: 9bn of salaries and social contributions in 2022 65% of employees are shareholders.

With our partners and suppliers: 16bn net investment and.

With governments: 33bn in tax paid in 2022 average tax rate of 40.9%.

With shareholders: 17bn of dividends and share buybacks in 2022.

The non financial performance indicators presented below are taken from the Non Financial Performance Declaration for which EY Associ s, in its quality as an independent third party accredited by the COFRAC, has issued a reasoned opinion expressing a moderate assurance conclusion.

This moderate assurance conclusion concerns, in accordance with the regulations in force, the following: the compliance of the Declaration with the provisions of Article R. 225 105 of the French Commercial Code the fairness of the historical information (observed or extrapolated) provided pursuant to 3 of I and II of article R. 225 105 of the French Commercial Code, namely the results of policies, including key performance indicators, and actions, relating to the main risks.

The work was carried out by EY Associ s in accordance with the international standard ISAE 3000 (revised).

Number of sites with an auditable energy management system.

Direct GHG emissions at operated sites (scope 1) Direct GHG emissions based on equity share.

Loss of primary containment Tier 1 and Tier 2 Millions of hours worked Number of occupational fatalities Number of occupational fatalities per hundred millions hours worked among total employees, among managers, among senior executives.

Percentage of employees of non French nationality among permanent contract recruitment, among management recruitment, among total employees, among managers, among senior executives.

TRIR (number of recorded injuries per million hours regular remote working at operated sites (scope 2) worked).

LTIR (number of lost time injuries per million hours when given the option.

Number of operated sites important for the environment ISO 14001 certified.

Number of sites operated by the Company ISO14001 certified.

Number of sites whose risk analysis identified at least one risk of major accidental pollution to surface water.

Proportion of those sites with an operational oil spill as equity share (scope 2) worked).

Percentage of companies offering voluntary part contingency plan.

SR (number of days lost due to accidents at work per time work oil gas facilities million hours worked).

Other indirect GHG emissions related to the use by customers of energy products (scope 3 category 11).

Number of severe road accidents Number of occupational illnesses recorded in the.

Other indirect GHG emissions related to the use year (in accordance with local regulations).

Absences for medical reasons Percentage of companies with labor union representation and or employee representation Percentage of employees covered by a collective by customers of petroleum products.

Flared gas (Upstream oil gas activities, operated scope).

Routine flaring Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products used by the customers.

Intensity of GHG emissions (Scopes 1 2) of operated Upstream oil gas activities.

Methane emissions from Company operated activities.

Methane emissions based on equity share Intensity of methane emissions from operated oil.

Net primary energy consumption (operated scope) Global energy efficiency indicator (GEEI).

Percentage of employees with specific occupational bargaining agreement risks benefiting from regular medical monitoring.

Number of active agreements signed with employee representatives worldwide and in France.

Percentage of employees that received a direct salary that exceeds the living wage in the country or region in which they work.

Percentage of E P, R C and M S segments’ operating subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO rollout scope with an operational activity which have a grievance mechanism in place.

Total number of employees Total number of employees hired on permanent contracts.

Total number of departures per category Percentage of the Group’s entities including HSE criteria in the variable compensation.

Average number of training days year per employee, per segment, per geographical areas and per type of training.

Average training cost per employee Percentage of women among permanent contract recruitment, among management recruitment,.

Proportion of those sites that have performed an oil spill response exercise or whose exercise was prevented following a decision by the authorities Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills of a volume of more than one barrel that affected the environment, excluding sabotage (number and total volume of spills, total volume recovered).

SO2 emissions NOX emissions NMVOC emissions Hydrocarbon content of offshore water discharges Hydrocarbon content of onshore water discharges Percentage of sites that meet the target for the quality of offshore discharges.

Percentage of sites that meet the target for the quality of onshore discharges.

Fresh water withdrawals excluding cooling water Fresh water consumption Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area Quantity of non hazardous and hazardous waste Quantity of non hazardous and hazardous waste valorized.

Percentage of waste processed per treatment process (valorization, landfill, other).

Valuation of these indicators excluding Covid 19 effect.

Sales of petroleum products (from Marketing Services and bulk refining sales).

Marketable gas production of Exploration Production and LNG sales.

Gross installed renewable electricity generation capacity.

The ISO 50001 standard accompanies the implementation in companies of an energy management system that allows better use of energy.

Combined cycle natural gas power plants are power generation facilities whose gas consumption is optimized for maximum efficiency.

These installations benefit from efficient energy management and do not require the implementation of a specific energy management system.

Excluding Covid 19 effect for 2020 and 2021 emissions data.

This indicator includes safety flaring, routine flaring and non routine flaring.

In line with our commitment to transparency, this year we are publishing an estimate of indirect emis sions in other Scope 3 categories according to the GHG Protocol and ipieca classification.

The scope of reporting is specified for each category.

The values of these estimates may change from year to year as estimation methodologies progress.

Excluding Covid 19 effect for emissions data from first half 2020 through first half 2022.

Oil products including bulk refining sales biofuels natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies.

Potential emissions reductions that may have been contributed by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales.

This indicator doesn’t include integrated LNG assets in its perimeter.

Cradle to gate emissions from purchases of goods and services, excluding those reported in category 2 or 4.

Calculated with the sum of purchases (excluding energy products resold) multiplied by specific monetary ratios, as well as 20 MtCO2e relating to purchases of oil and petroleum products (net of our production) and medium and long term LNG supply contracts.

Cradle to gate emissions from purchases of capital goods such as drilling, subsea equipment, valves, static equipment’s purchase categories.

Calculated with the sum of the purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios.

Cradle to gate emissions related to B2B B2C electricity sales (excluding trading) net of TotalEnergies’ electricity production in Europe.

Upstream emissions related to the transport of energy products, including measured shipping emissions and estimated emissions related to land transport purchase categories, calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios.

Cradle to gate emissions from purchase categories linked to waste treatment and remediation.

Calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios.

Emissions related to employee business travel as reported by contractors.

Emissions related to the commuting of the Company’s employees.

The estimate uses the average emission factor reported by INSEE per employee.

Direct emissions related to long term contracted assets, which mainly correspond to sea charters for the transport of energy products, already included in category 4.

Emissions related to the downstream transport of B2B marketing sales in M S and petroleum products bulk sales of Refining.

Emissions related to the transformation of the main non energy intermediate products sold (sulphur, polymers, bitumen), based on most representative or conservative physical emission factors.

Oil products including bulk refining sales biofuels, natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies.

Emissions related to the end of life of the main non energy products sold (lubricants, polymers, bitumen).

Not applicable, the Company did not identify emissions linked to third party leasing.

Emissions associated with service stations operated by third parties, calculated with TotalEnergies’ Scope 1 2 emission intensity.

Not applicable, emissions associated with non operated activities are included in Scope 1 2 equity reporting.

Number of lost days due to accidents at work All personnel.

Target TRIR less than or equal to 0.70 in 2022 and 0.65 in 2023.

Target losses of primary containment Tier 1 and 2 less than or equal to 70 in 2022 and 50 in 2023.

The percentage of women was 19.9% in 2021, 18.2% in 2020, 17.4% in 2019 et 16.3% in 2018 based on the previous calculation method, which did not include JL14 and senior executives.

The percentage of women was 19.9% in 2021, 18.2% in 2020, 17.4% in 2019 et 16.3% in 2018 based on the previous calculation method, which did not include JL14 and senior executives.

The percentage of employees of non French nationality was 33.8% in 2021, 31.8% in 2020, 32.4% in 2019 and 32.0% in 2018 based on the previous calculation method, which did not include senior executives.

A living wage is defined as income that, in exchange for standard work hours, allows employees to ensure a decent life for their families, cover their essential costs and cope with unforeseen events.

This criterion applies to the so called p rim tre de gestion i.e., all subsidiaries controlled at more than 50%.

Information is only available for onsite training.

This number is calculated using the number of hours of training where 7.6 hours equal one day.

On the job training information only available from 2021.

EP, RC and M S segments’ operating subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO roll out scope with an operational activity.

On the respect of the Fundamental Principles of Purchasing including human rights.

Excluding drilling cuttings, excluding digestate from Biogas units, excluding sites that have ceased operations and are in the process of being remediated.

Valorization includes recycling, material recovery and energy recovery.

Alwyn site (United Kingdom) excluded from 2018 to 2020 and Gryphon (United Kingdom) in 2019 and 2020, as its produced water discharges only occur during the maintenance periods of the water reinjection system and are subject to a specific regulatory declaration.

Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area (according to BWS from WRI 2030).

Zero net deforestation target from 2022 for each of new projects, on new sites.

See section 5.5.4 of this chapter for detailed reporting on action plans implemented on our four Biodiversity axes.

IUCN zone (International Union for Conservation of Nature) I to IV and Ramsar areas for IFC standard projects.

Incidents covering fraud (excluding attempts since 2022), corruption or influence peddling.

Worldwide community volunteering program for employees who can devote up to three workdays a year to local community projects.

International Sustainability Standard Board mobility (bio NGV or bio LNG).

An upgraded biogas with the same characteristics as natural gas.

Biomethane can be injected into the gas distribution network.

Sustainable Aviation Fuel transport company under a long term contract.

The Company has identified, for each recipient country, the likely source of competing flexible power generation.

Where the end use of customers is established and the alternative source identified, the difference between the emissions of the alternative fuel (fuel oil or coal) and the gas has been calculated, using each country’s power generation emission factors for each of these sources, as published by the IEA (with the exception of France, where the emission factors published by RTE France have been used).

For countries where the end use of LNG sales is not identified, this method is applied to sales weighted by the percentage of electricity generation in local gas consumption.

Regroups blue hydrogen (hydrogen produced notably from have a financial interest or rights to production.

This scope to our customer across its life cycle (i.e., Scopes 1 2 3), from includes the entire statutory scope of the consolidated non production to final use.

Emissions related to the production and processing of the natural gas via the steam reforming process associated with a capture and storage (CCS) process of the CO2 emissions presenting a carbon footprint lower than 36.4 g CO2 MJ) and green hydrogen (hydrogen produced from renewable because they are not material from a financial standpoint. energy products used by TotalEnergies customers, calculated on electricity via the water electrolysis process).

Emissions related to the use of energy products by.

Scope 1 GHG emissions of Upstream oil and gas operations).

Direct emissions related to the Company’s activities.

Potential (GWP), as described in the 2007 IPCC report.

PFCs and SF6 are virtually absent from the Company’s emissions or are considered non material, and are therefore no longer counted as of 2018.

Less the CO2 sequestered by Carbon Capture and Storage.

Electricity is placed on an equal footing with fossil fuels, taking into account average capacity factors and average efficiency ratios.

Indirect emissions attributable to brought in energy (electricity, heat, steam), net of any energy sales, excluding purchased industrial gases (H2).

Unless otherwise indicated, TotalEnergies reports Scope 2 GHG emissions using the market based method defined in the GHG Protocol.

Accidental spills of liquid hydrocarbons that have an by customers.

To track changes in the indicator, it is expressed gas industry reporting guidelines published by IPIECA, which environmental impact and exceed one barrel in volume, using a base of 100 from 2015. excluding acts of sabotage.

An annual study that includes 275 workforce indicators.

Excluding acts of sabotage and most recent survey, carried out in December 2022 and January and gas value chain, i.e.

Upstream oil and gas exploration and production operations of workforce.

Does not include power generation from production to obtain an emission volume.

Number of lost time days due to accidents at work per million hours worked.

The terms TotalEnergies, TotalEnergies company or Company in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated enti ties that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE.

Likewise, the words we, us and our may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees.

The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities.

This document makes reference to greenhouse gas emissions.

The Company has control over emissions from the facilities it operates (Scope 1) and their indirect emissions from purchased ener gy (Scope 2).

By contrast, it does not have control over emissions from the end use of its products by its customers (Scope 3), and trends in those emissions depend largely on external factors, such as government policies and customer choices (for additional information on the definition of Scope 1, 2 and 3, refer to the Universal Registration Document).

The use in this document of expressions such as carbon intensity of the products sold by the Company, carbon foot print of the Company or similar expressions, insofar as they include Scope 3 emissions, does not mean that the latter are TotalEnergies emissions.

This document may contain forward looking statements.

Specifically, this doc ument may contain statements regarding the perspectives, objectives, areas for improvement and goals of TotalEnergies, including with respect to climate change and carbon neutrality (net zero emissions).

An ambition expresses an outcome desired by TotalEnergies, it being specified that the means to be deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies.

These forward looking state ments may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors.

Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its affiliates assumes any obli gation with respect to investors or any other stakeholder to update or revise any forward looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Further information on risk factors that could have a significant adverse effect on the financial performance or operations of TotalEnergies is provided in the most recent version of the Universal Registration Document, which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French Autorit des March s Financiers and on Form 20 F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).

Ari Versiani, Augustin Detienne Capa Pictures, Biotope, Carlos Ayesta Capa Pictures, Cody Porche Porche Aerial Imagery, Cyril Abad Capa Pictures, Daniel Rory Capa Pictures, Denis Allard, Drone Video Production, Drony, Fabien Ferrer, Fr d rique Fel Elephant at work, Ghislaine Desbois, Guillaume Perrin, Ishan Tankha EAW, Jacques Rostand, Jean Michel Ducasse, Jonathan Maddock, Julien Lutt Capa Pictures, Julien Muguet, Laurent Cipriana Capa Pictures, Laurent Hazgui Capa Pictures, Laurent Pascal Capa Pictures, Laurent Zylberman, Michel Labelle, Patrick Boulen, Paul V, Redfox, Renaud Khanh, Saudi Aramco, Scott Dalton Capa Pictures, St phane Compoint Capa Pictures, StudioXL Doula, TMS Cardiff Gas Ltd, TotalEnergies, DR.

TotalEnergies is a global multi energy company that produces and supplies energy: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gas, renewable energies and electricity.

Its 101,000 employees are committed to making energy ever more affordable, cleaner, more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible.

Present in more than 130 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well being of people.